 I have been using it for 3 weeks and have not noticed any change at all . The instruction says use for 2-3 weeks daily and then switch to 2 times a week . I am not sure if I should stop using it now or just keep doing it daily till some miracle happens .
 Do n't buy ever it . It 's not working as described . It makes your scull black . If you wash hair everyday , it would not work for you .
 This is more a question than a review . A few years ago I bought this product from a catalogue but when I saw that one of the ingredients was lead , I sent it back . I believe that the use of this type of product over the long term may be unhealthy . Does anyone know for certain the effects of long term use?Verseo Greyban Anti Grey Solution
 This review is from
 I purchased the product 3 months ago . Label with improved product packaging and results in 3 days . I used the product for 3 months and did not see even one white hair changed color . I turned to the company and they even did not respond as expected . Do not buy this just a fraud and waste of your money .
 I am an African American . Before purchasing this product I contacted the company and asked would it work in the same fashion for your ` typical ' African American hair texture . -LRB- i.e. , `` kinky -RRB- and they said yes.I have used for OVER a month now and have NO significant change in hair color and the smell is God-awful !!! My girlfriend complained that she has a hard time with the smell also , so I know its not psychological.I am more dispapointed by the smell than i am about the effectiveness , because nothing is 100 % foe everyone . the smell though is mentioned specifically in their ad as being odorless.Very unsatisfied customer .
 I really regret trying this . I used it faithfully every day for 30 days , and I did n't see any change in my hair color at all . I have nearly-black hair with about 25 % bright silver hair coming in . What I did notice was that my hair became drier and drier , and more and more brittle . So I stopped using it . It 's been 3 months now , and my hair is still incredibly brittle and thin . My shower drain clogs every day with all the hair I 'm losing . It 's probably going to take at least a year for it all to grow back out .
 I used this product for about 10 days . I did n't see any real change but I could n't last for the recommended 4 weeks for the full effect . It Stinks to much !! The smell is so overwhelming that I had to give it up . It goes on with a pleasant smell but gradually builds into a powerful sulfur smell . It follows you around all day . My bathroom smells like sulfur this morning just from washing it out of my hair . I do n't know how anyone lasts a full 4 weeks with this stuff . If you use it at night be prepared to throw away your pillow . I was wondering why I had never heard of this product before and now I know why .
 All this product does is slowly '' `` paint '' '' your hair , but it washes right out when you wash your hair . Anotherwords , your hair only stays lightly colored -LRB- not even fully -RRB- till you wash your hair . To me , it seems like it colors your scalp more than the actual grey hairs.A waste of money . A complete rip off .
 Not sure what is in the bottle but it is not the spray I have bought in Department Stores in the past . It seems to be watered down , very little smell and not the same smell .
 It was broke twice ... And I m still waiting for see what s going to happen . . Not good so far .
 This ` amazon ' Body Kouros is totaly FAKE ! After 15 minutes , his smell is off ! I have original Body Kouros YSL , his smell is working two days on my skin ! Very very bad business of ` amazon ' ! I want my money back !
 Do n't buy this . It smells like new tires . The notes for this product is the same as the original Kouros but this product was either deffective or too old or there 's something weird about it . I have no idea what to do with it . I ca n't even return it because it is not returnable . I fell in love with the Kouros fraicheur but this one is worst than stetson after shave from dollar stores .
 Re
 This is my favorite perfume but the quality of the one I bought was awful . I think it was very , very old and was not worth buying .
 I loved this fragrance at the store , but I would have to agree with one of my colleagues that it smells better on the blotter . Scent disappears almost as soon as you walk out the door .
 This seller delivered a fake perfume to me , some people may not realize that perfumes are fake but I could tell the minute I opened the packaging . The perfume bottle and the perfume were definitely fraudulant which is very upsetting since this was supposed to be a christmas present . sellers who promote false advertising and believe they will be getting a `` one up '' on their customers deserve not to profit from deceptive business practices . Please do not buy into this scam .
 I thought I was getting a good deal . The fragrance does n't even last an hour !!! Beware . GO ahead and get your perfume from the department stores . THe fine print on this is that you ca n't return it !!!
 not sure what is in the bottle but there is a smell that last 30 minutes only and not the perfume , I have bought before and it is great bought from Macys.Did not keep packaging as was excited and now stuck with it and out 46.03
 I ordedred this perfume Burberry Brit By Burberry For Women . Eau De Parfum Spray 3.3 OuncesBut to my surprize whenever my wife would use this perume its fragrance will just vanish in two hours . This is the worst Burberry perfume I ever got.I think its always better to spend some extra amount on Genuine perfumes at shopping malls rather then buying FAKE/DUPLICATE perfumes from vendors at Amazon.com . Its is total waste of your money .
 I have owned Burberry Brit before and was excited to get it for such a low price on amazon . It got to my house a few days ago . I opened it up-cheap packaging . As soon as i sprayed it i knew it was fake . SO MAD I SPENT $ 40 !!! PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS !
 I have used this perfume before and that was the reason I ordered it . This one is a complete fake , it does not even last for 60 minutes . Will not buy perfumes from Amazon .
 I did n't read other 's reviews before I ordered this product and I should have , the stuff I got I do not believe is real it does not smell the same as my other Burberry Brit , I 'm not happy I wasted my money on this ! Amazon should really stop selling fake stuff unless they want to be straight with consumers and tell them they are not getting the real deal ... should have known for the price I guess : -LRB-
 Product was smaller than the size indicated by Tuccini , and when I registered a complaint , the Tuccini customer service representative inappropriately requested that I remove my negative review from Amazon , rather than addressing the issue at hand .
 I bought this as a gift for my wife . She has always used this perfume and I thought this would be a nice gift at a little better price than perfumania or other retailers like Macys.But , the bottle to begin with looks fake . Cap doe n't fit nicely as compared to our previous purchases for the same item from other retailers . The price was not much lower , but the product seems to be inferior . Also , the perfume smell would n't last even couple hours which tells me that Amazon receives a different shipment from Manufacturers which is not the same as what Macys or any other retailers would receive for Fragrances.I would never buy perfumes from Amazon in future . Spend a little extra money to get the full worth of your hard earned $ $ .
 No long lasting ... worthless ... instead of this choose something else ... it 's not recharging tooBurberry I strongly do n't refer to anyone ... I used a degree sport it 's really worthy ...
 Smelled this perfume as a sample in a magazine and liked it . Unfortunately , when I bought it and tried it on -LRB- in addition to the sample from the mag -RRB- , I began to smell like an old woman . Too bad I ca n't return it !
 Unfortunately I did not read the one-star reviews because I already knew I loved Burberry Brit and I figured why do I need to read about how people do n't like the scent . But if I had read the reviews I would have found out that the perfume is not legit . It may be an old bottle of Burberry , but either way the scent does n't last long at all and it does n't smell right to begin with . And as I have been reading after the fact , returning is not possible , even though it does n't say that anywhere on the ad.So do n't buy this product . Honestly , do n't by perfume online unless it 's directly from Macy 's , Sephora etc. . Just pay the big bucks for it .
 The price is too good to be true for a reason ! The packaging is all wrong , and most importantly the perfume is n't burberry brit either . It 's the perfect scam , too , because the product is not returnable . AMAZON.COM PLEASE BAN THIS VENDOR !
 I received a fake Burberry Brit Eau De Parfum -LRB- 3.3 oz -RRB- from Amazon LLC . How do I know it was fake ? I went to a brick and mortar store that sells Burberry Brit , and they showed me all the details that were different between the authentic perfume and the one that I purchased . Not only was the perfume packaging fake , but the bottle was also fake , and the scent was similar to men 's cologne . So be careful , it might be safer to buy the perfume elsewhere , even if it costs more . And when you do receive your order , do n't hesitate to take it into a store to compare it with an authentic one .
 There are reviews that warn this is a counterfeit product , but I trusted Amazon . This was a true counterfeit of Burberry Brit Eau de Parfum . The inside packaging included the bottle being wrapped with a picture of a girl , which is n't normal . The spout smells like body odor , and the scent does n't seem to last more than a few minutes . BIG MISTAKE that I did n't see the note underneath the picture on Amazon 's page that this ca n't be returned because it 's hazardous material . They have no problem mailing fragrance to customers , but ca n't receive it in return ? Can I sue Amazon for selling a counterfeit product in which they refuse returns ? Time and money lost . Previously , I bought Burberry on eBay and it was counterfeit , but at least the seller issued a refund after I contacted eBay . Expensive perfume is expensive for a reason ! -LSB- UPDATE
 I was so excited ordering my first fragrance online , thought the price was great and had smell this scent many times in stores so I decided to buy it . I got it 2 days later and since I opened it I noticed it was weirdly wrapped , like re-sealed and the front tag was falling apart . The bottle design looks weird and I could confirm my suspicions when I sprayed it and the smell lasted less than 20 minutes . After that , it is completely gone . I tried to send it back but you can not since it is considered `` hazardous material '' . So dissapointed I spent that money , I will never buy fragrances online anymore , maybe it was bad luck . I never had a problem with Amazon with any other products I must say .
 I purchased this product assuming that the title was accurate and that it was in fact eau de parfum . However , upon receipt it was toilette spray -- there is quite a difference between the two . Do n't be deceived by the description , you are not getting the real thing .
 The title says its Burberry for Women -- but my wife handed back to me Christmas morning with a smirk - Thanks Amazon ... J
 When i purchsed this cologne in here had a high expectation for it , i smell it before in macys and loved it but the price was a bit out of my buget so i decided to give a shout and buy it from here and save 40 % of the price ask macys . Big mistake !!! the scent is definilly weaker and not last more than 1 hour
 Do n't buy this product ! You wo n't be able to return it because it 's considered `` hazardous '' by Amazon , and I do n't think they mean the smell!I bought this perfume as a gift for my daughter , who loves Burberry Brit , but when she opened the box and sprayed some on her wrist , she knew immediately that this is not the same fragrance she has used for years.The product is not returnable to Amazon , so I have now spent over $ 41 for a musky stenchBurberry Brit By Burberry For Women . Eau De Parfum Spray 3.3 Ouncesperfume she wo n't ever use . This is the last time I 'll buy a fragrance from Amazon , that 's for sure !
 Product is not the one pictured . I received the wrong item when I wanted the one in the picture . Plus no returns .
 I ALWAYS buy Burberry Brit , however this is the first time I bought it on Amazon . I was so excited because it was so much cheaper on Amazon than it is anywhere else ... well there 's a reason ... the perfume I received did NOT smell like Burberry Brit at all and I 'm pretty sure it was tampered with because it does n't smell like any perfume I 've ever used . Very disappointed .
 After using this product and others like it , I now grow hair on my face . Please read the side effects from Dhea before using .
 I purchased my ZENO Pro a few years ago and it did work well on those types of zits that come up under the skin and hang around way too long . It does n't work on black heads . I think the way it works is that the heat kills the bacteria then the body just reabsorbs the dead white blood cells and the inflammation subsides then not more bump and the skin never gets broken , so no scarring.However , there are two things that I do n't like about it . 1 . The tip only lasts so long before it has to be replaced and they are not cheap . 2 . My ZENO had been sitting in my drawer , long forgotten due to it being a little of a pain to remember to use , and I decided I would start to use it again . I plugged it in , waited for it to charge for 24 hours and when I tried to turn it on , it would n't work . The warranty only lasts a year , so I guess I 'll toss it . Kinda wish I did n't have to since I spent so much money on it . I feel like my time and money would have been better spent on good quality face creams instead of electronic gadgets .
 I purchased my ZENO Pro a few years ago and it did work well on those types of zits that come up under the skin and hang around way too long . It does n't work on black heads . I think the way it works is that the heat kills the bacteria then the body just reabsorbs the dead white blood cells and the inflammation subsides then not more bump and the skin never gets broken , so no scarring.However , there are two things that I do n't like about it . 1 . The tip only lasts so long before it has to be replaced and they are not cheap . 2 . My ZENO had been sitting in my drawer , long forgotten due to it being a little of a pain to remember to use , and I decided I would start to use it again . I plugged it in , waited for it to charge for 24 hours and when I tried to turn it on , it would n't work . The warranty only lasts a year , so I guess I 'll toss it . Kinda wish I did n't have to since I spent so much money on it . I feel like my time and money would have been better spent on good quality face creams instead of electronic gadgets .
 What I wanted was not what i received . They tricked me into ordering what i could have purchased right around the corner . The white labeled bottle that they are showing here is not what i received . The white labeled bottle is the older product thats hard to find and it is much , much better than the new gold labeled bottle that is supposedly the exact same formula or new and improved but it is not . The product I received from here is sold at every sallys hair supply store on the planet at a lower cost than what it is sold for here . I feel raped . and I believe the people selling this knows this . otherwise why are you showing the white labeled bottle and sending the gold labeled bottle . I would like my money back or the correct product because this is some BULL !!
 I ordered this item for my migraines and insomnia ... I was really excited when I got it !! Well , guess what ? The ` white noise ' sounds advertised do not play ... I tried a couple sets of batteries.This is not a great product-I will give it this though , it is comfy and blocks out all light . I guess I can give it one star for that .
 I purchased this prior to surgery thinking it would be great for recovery . However , the `` nature sounds '' only worked the first time I turned it on . After that , despite changing batteries , etc. , the sounds never came back again . I would n't recommend this purchase .
 On December I bought lipsticks from World Shoppers . I ordered # 16 Apricot Fantasy which is a very light pink/apricot color . I received a VERY DARK color -LRB- Chrome -RRB- . After I gave the company a bad review through Amazon , I received an email from World Shoppers telling me to contact them to resolve the situation . I emailed them as instructed and never received an answer back from them . I will NEVER use this company again !
 I travel 2-3 weeks a month for work and I needed a hairdryer that was better than the 1000 watt hotel dryers , so after some research I decided to purchase the travel-size T3.During the first time I used it , it started smoking and the coils in the back flared up and caught on fire . -LRB- There were actual flames -- although they quickly burned out -RRB- I took the dryer back to Sephora and I was quickly given a replacement.While I had dryer # 2 , I noticed that it took 15-20 minutes to dry my hair , when it usually takes 20-30 . However , I have the full size T3 at home and it takes about 10 minutes when I use that one . I was expecting this to offer the same power as the other T3 . The bottom line is that I did n't notice a big difference between the travel T3 and the hotel hairdryers that are built into the bathrooms.After 6 months , the handle broke on the 2nd hairdryer making it rather challenging to use.If you want a great hairdryer , buy a full size T3 , Elchim or Chi Pro -- if you need something to travel with , you 're better off with finding space for the full size model .
 i only like it cos you dont need to use a whole lot but i woul n't personaly but this product cos it works prety slow . good luck !
 I 've been waiting for 3 weeks for the cream to arrive and still waiting so I ca n't comment on this product . I hope I get a refund . I was really looking forward to try it on as I suffer from melasma . It started as a small hyperpigmentacion but now it is extended on all over my face . I used to be very pale , but now I look brow .
 I bought this product and used it like it said to , but did n't see much of a difference . I have fair skin and have freckles on my shoulders and arms that I wanted to fade . It did make them slightly lighter but that was it . Maybe if your spots are really dark you might see a difference . Not sure , I could 've gotten a bad tube . The smell also smells like an old lady after she has drowned herself in some cheap dollar store perfume .
 I 've been using it for a couple weeks it has faded my sun damage but not enough for anyone that sees me everyday to notice and when once applied it take a while to soak in .
 I purchased this product for the slight melasma -LRB- dark blotches that appear due to pregnancy -RRB- that appeared on my face during pregnancy . The dark blotches were not going away after my pregnancy so I decided to give this a try , but once I received it it said breastfeeding women should not use it . I wish this would have been in the items description . So now it is just sitting in my cabinet until after I am done breastfeeding .
 Used on my ARM to try removed spots.did not work and I did use with the soap.still have the spots .
 Used as explained and still was ineffective after long-term use . Waste of money . Would not buy again and would not recommend .
 I have been using the Black & White Bleaching Cream for approximately a month . I use it twice a day for dark circles under the eyes and one age spot on the side of my face . I have not seen any changes to my complexion at either location at all . Very disappointing !
 It smells like Happy By Clinque but with a more earthy smell to it . This is not for me and I would not ever buy another bottle . But on a good note , I love 360 Pink , IT IS MY FAVORITE . So not all the Perry Ellis 's are on my Hit List .
 Is the second time that I buy somethink from this vendor and i dont receive it in the final destination
 On December I bought lipsticks from World Shoppers . I ordered # 16 Apricot Fantasy which is a very light pink/apricot color . I received a VERY DARK color -LRB- Chrome -RRB- . After I gave the company a bad review through Amazon , I received an email from World Shoppers telling me to contact them to resolve the situation . I emailed them as instructed and never received an answer back from them . I will NEVER use this company again !
 The shadows and eyeliner are , in fact , smooth and very easy to apply and the accompanying instructions a valuable add-on . However , though I used a very tiny amount and applied the shadows with four professional-grade brushes , the result was always too dark . The eyeliner glides easily and smoothly but , as it is black , all it does is add to the overall darkness.I only wish Mally realized not every woman likes black eyeliner and not all of us are after a `` fake '' look or eager to camouflage our own features with dark make-up . Unless this kit comes out with much softer , natural shades , I will not buy again .
 Nothing Special Here . Doesnt Even include a Brush with this ! For the amount Of money I Paid for this i Thought would have a Brush . It is OVER PRICED , can Get same colors at Target for ALOT CHEAPER and they Give You a Brush !!! Dont waste Your Money On this . Sure Cute Case , But Its BIG ... doesnt Fit in small Purses . Not worth the MONEY LADIES
 I bought this lactic acid for my husband who has a small dark spot.Well , he used it 3 times , and he broke out exactly on the spot where he put the product , I am sure it was the lactic acid that made him break out because he was putting it only on that spot and the zit popped ONLY on that spot -LRB- he usually does n't get random zits on his face -RRB- . Very disappointing , I wish I could contact Skin Laboratory but seems like their `` contact page '' does n't work.Well , if you see this review please contact me , I am extremely disappointed by your product and would like to send it back for a refund .
 On December I bought lipsticks from World Shoppers . I ordered # 16 Apricot Fantasy which is a very light pink/apricot color . I received a VERY DARK color -LRB- Chrome -RRB- . After I gave the company a bad review through Amazon , I received an email from World Shoppers telling me to contact them to resolve the situation . I emailed them as instructed and never received an answer back from them . I will NEVER use this company again !
 I have not noticed a difference and feel like I threw away money to wear an uncomfortable . I think I just need to go to the gym . -LRB- Look at fitness enthusiast who are well into their 40s ; droopy chin ? ... nope ... -RRB-
 I purchased three bottles . I had been using same color at my manicurist 's shop . But when I brought it to her , the colors were different . The three I bought were darker than the color she carried , though both were O.P.I. and had the same name . I wrote to OPI to ask if they changed the color and they said no.This is an okay color but too dark for me . Do n't know what the problem is , but I was very disappointed .
 I bought this product because the 8 % AHA moisturizer I formerly used -LRB- and loved -RRB- by Kiss My Face , was discontinued.This product was a huge disappointment in terms of its effectiveness as an AHA exfoliant , a moisturizer , and its claimed `` aromatherapeutic '' angle . The smell is musty , bordering on unpleasant -LRB- which was a surprise , as I 've used their `` aromatherapeutic '' shampoo and liked the smell very much -RRB- . I am very skeptical that it really contains 8 % AHA , as it does n't feel any different than other non-AHA moisturizers , and I have not seen the improved skin that I had with the aforementioned KMF brand product . There is n't the slight tingle I have felt with other 8 % formulations , either . As a moisturizer it also does n't seem to help much . If you 're looking for a good AHA product , your money would probably be better spent elsewhere . I 'm about to try the Alpha brand , and will write a review once I have a sense of its quality . The reviews for it that I 've read are exceptional , so maybe worth a try .
 On December I bought lipsticks from World Shoppers . I ordered # 16 Apricot Fantasy which is a very light pink/apricot color . I received a VERY DARK color -LRB- Chrome -RRB- . After I gave the company a bad review through Amazon , I received an email from World Shoppers telling me to contact them to resolve the situation . I emailed them as instructed and never received an answer back from them . I will NEVER use this company again !
 If you want long-lasting lip color that makes your lips look caked , baked , flaked , and nasty , you 'll love the color half of this product . If you want a decent moisturizer for your lips , the other half of the product is fine . I predict CG Outlast wo n't last long on the market .
 If you use this brand you know that this color has been discontinued maybe a year ago . Several years before being discontinued the packaging had been changed from a cover with tapered tip to blunt . The product I received must have been years old . It is in the old packaging with the tapered tip , and actually goes on thicker and darker than expected for this color , probably due to its time on the shelf . The picture actually does show the packaging with the tapered tip , but they do n't tell you that not only the picture , but also the product is from the archives .
 The actual color is not as nice as the name suggested and it certainly does not last .
 I could n't find details about this Wella product . It may have been exactly what I wanted but since I did n't have a product description I moved on to other products .
 it arrived on time ... but when i received this product it wasnt in its original package like pictured . It was never used , but it shrunk half its size , scrunged , and rolled up as soon as the water hit it . in which made it impossible to use for bathing . i am very disappointed with this buy ... $ 10.00 worth of crap . wouldnt recommend this product to anyone .
 Beware . The tag on the product I received listed it as Fine Texture . There was no mention of that on the Amazon order screen . These cloths were flimsy and did n't hold up . My fingers pushed through the weave while using it . I love the product in the blue box by Flower Valley , which is what I thought I was ordering .
 I 've purchase a similar product in the past from Whole Foods Market and I fell in love with it . It was the perfect size and texture and it lasted many years before I had to throw it away . I decided to get a new one , so I purchase this product after reading the glowing reviews . It did n't come with any instructions really on how to break it in or take care of it , regardless it look very small -LRB- 11 `` x11 '' ? , I think it 's real shady when you ca n't read the box on Amazon , the picture and what I have look different , and they do n't even tell you the size on Amazon -RRB- compare to the one I had before and this one is a lot rougher too . I used it once and the thing twisted and shriveled up and now I 'm left with something that looks like a 2 `` x7 '' pork rind . This is handmade and it 's quite apparent because of all the imperfections . For crying out loud , I scrub my thigh this morning and ended up cutting myself because a part of the cloth decided to shank me ? Now I have two minor , but bloody red lines on my left thigh . Please avoid this product !!! I had to learn the hard way . So do yourself a favor and continue searching for that perfect cloth and I hope you find it !
 I had great results with this product with the first use . However , when I used it the second time , the triangular pad lost all of its abrasive surface , leaving me with a smooth , useless triangle . I replaced the triangle , thinking I had a `` dud '' , but had the same thing happen with the second pad . The cream will work without the pad , but not as effectively . If the manufacturer can come up with a pad that has a more permanent surface , they will have a winner with this product . On a positive note , I love the facial product !
 This item was recommended in a magazine article for calluses on your feet , so I bought this specifically for that use . I used the triangular pumice attachment only.I was under the impression that the attachment would rotate , but in general it 's just a vibrating -LRB- 2 levels -RRB- machine with attachments that you move around your body manually . The vibrations were n't intense enough to make any difference . The actual machine has no function . The body resurfacing cream which has little scrubbing crystals was ok , but can easily be used without this machine .
 After two months my conclussion was that I could see no change what-so-ever . Typically Neutrogena is quality , but not this time.Now you ca n't say you were n't warned .
 While I usually like Neutrogena products , this is such an absolute waste of money , I 'm taking the time to warn others . The vibrating , rather than rotating pads are completely useless is removing dead skin cells . I 'm so disappointed in Neutrogena for producing such a ripoff product .
 This is an absolutely useless and inconvenient product . The pads do n't rotate , just vibrate and that does n't do anything for exfoliation . I used for a couple of months with no results .
 Update
 I explected the microdermabrasion head to rotate , but instead it vibrates very strongly in your hand . My hands are still buzzing from the night before when I used this product.I would not recommend this product to anyone else , I loved the crystals cream .
 I tried/own both the pink and the orangish colors and both work the same way . It is true that it goes on smooth and easy . You apply it with the pen and then smear it over your lips with your finger tip . However , the color wipes off easily even after letting it dry for over 15 minutes . I kept doing tests to see how long you had to leave it on before it would not wipe off , but even my 30 minute test did not work . The color still wipes off . I 'm disappointed because the colors are really pretty but the stuff just wo n't stay put . I have to keep reapplying it all day long . I bought the two colors because the product came so highly recommended by Alive magazine , but just goes to show you that you ca n't believe everything you read .
 All the fasteners were way too tight - making it very difficult to adjust.Because of this the mirror holder where it attaches to the mounting arm -LRB- weakest link -RRB- snapped in two.The material is made of brass and is very soft so using regular household tools scares the finish very badly.The product seemed to be price right , however can recommend this product .
 The Ad shows size of 1.7 oz . But when you add it to the shopping cart , the size changed to 1oz . As one of the review points out , this seller is a con artist .
 After reading the reviews , I confirmed that the 1.7 oz advertised amount changes to 1 oz when you go to check out.Like anything else if they start out with a lie . . you just ca n't trust their product or their company.Plus you can get it cheaper on other sites .
 On the Estee Lauder website you will find this same product same size 1 ounce for $ 55.00 . Amazon should check to see what the valid list price is . This is false advertising . Luring in people with a promise that they are saving 18 % , when in actuality you 'd be paying almost $ 40.00 over the legitimate product .
 This product may help in lightening scars , but for someone like me , who has acne , this soap just does n't do anything productive . I get more acne than there 's time to fade a spot . If your skin is relatively clear , but you want to lighten some scarring , this may work . I would n't know . But if you have an acne problem , you 'll just keep getting more spots that are n't clearing with this product.I also have some pock mark looking scars on my back that , thankfully , are not due to acne and I 've tried using this soap on those scars , too , hoping to lighten them some , but I have n't seen any result for that either.It may be one of those products that only work well on certain types of skin . I 'm biracial , white and black , and black skin tends to scar and keloid very easily , which mine does , but that rarely happens with fair skinned people , so maybe it 's a better product for people who are more fair .
 Used as explained and still was ineffective after long-term use . Waste of money . Would not buy again and would not recommend .
 This stuff is a waste of money . It did nothing for my somewhat damaged hair , ... except make it really difficult to comb and dry looking and stiff , . . and limp . Everything a bad shampoo would do . I have never liked Tigi products so I do n't know why I bought this . Probably to assure me that nothing works as well as Klorane shampoos & conditioners , . which Im sticking to from now on . No sulfates either .
 I was surprised at how many people here say they like the smell ; I find the scent anoyingly sweet , not classy and it does linger on . It did nothing for my husband , who 's as H -- as they come . Not as exiting as the famous Andron pheromone cologne by Jovan in the 80s . Wish they 'd bring it back ! My current fragrance is Givency 's Organza edt .
 I was looking for a perfum with pheronomes -LRB- if it exist -RRB- , they add this product as if it real . Did n't smell as perfum reallydid n't smell , nor last . I did n't return because it was too expensive to do it , and does n't worth to spent more money . An otherscam .
 The product was shipped promptly but unfortunately I did n't care for the smell . I am going to send it back .
 I am a little surprised at all the favorable reviews for this scent . Of course , all the positive feedback is the reason I purchased this scent . I wish I had smelled it in a store , I would never have bought it . Luckily , I did n't pay too much for it , but still , what a waste of money ! The smell is cloying and gave me a bit of a headache . I 'm sure it 's partially my fault , I sprayed on a bit too much , but it does n't change the fact the smell is bad . Sickeningly sweet and cheap smelling . My husband told me I smelled like an old church lady . He also says he likes sexy scents on me better.As far as the effectiveness of the pheromones , it 's hard to say . I only could bring myself to wear it one time , during which I did have some brief friendly interactions with a couple of guys and more importantly , my husband was all over me ... but that 's normal ! So , I do n't know . The way the perfume smelled was most important to me , and it 's pretty awful .
 Shipping was okay therefore they earned the one star BUT The smell was bad . The packaging was horrible . Wish I did not buy this product . I would not recommend the product nor would I buy from the seller again . I threw it away .
 the product was wrong . never got the right one . had to take action with amazon to even get my money back . was worst experience . & thats putting it nicely .
 Smells as if it where watered down . Dries down to almost nothing . Wasted money . Doesnt ' smell like the Albert Nipon I have at home .
 I purchased two cans of evian spray water that took FOREVER to ship.AFTER I gave them a negative review on Amazon , they called me and lied and saidthey called me to inform me this shipment will be delayed . Which they never did.So then the company called me and requested I remove the negative feedback.I said NO . Then proceed to speak as to the reason and they hung up on me.Seriously how can a company survive times like this with POOR CUSTOMERservice ??? There was no free shipping or discount for delay . All I received was rudetreatment . My advise by your Evian facial spray elsewhere .
 stay away !!! i have just normal colored blonde hair , and just a tiny little spray will make your hair so greasy , you can wring it out !! i dont know what kind of hair type this product is for , but it makes hair look greasy , shiny , and unwashed .
 Liked the idea of `` total body experience '' and decided to treat myself to a nice set . The reason I gave it 2 stars and not 1 is because of its nice packaging . It comes with a handle and a few attachments for different parts of your body . I did n't try all of them , only the one for the body -LRB- the biggest one -RRB- , and you really have to hold it at a certain angle , otherwise , this thing just slips off the handle . another thing , the handle is too short for the `` hard-to-reach places . '' And I hate the body creme ! It is so hard to rid off and it does n't really make me feel `` clean '' after the shower ... it leaves or at least it feels like it does some kind of a thin layer on my skin -LRB- I do clean it well -RRB- ... I 've been using Micro Pearl Abrasion Resurfacing Treatment with Micronized Pearl for my face and love this product ! So , excellent results from using this product gave me an idea to go for the `` total body experience . '' What a disappointment , especially for $ 130 ! There are so many sets out there and the most expensive one certainly does n't mean the best . Try neutrogena set for around $ 40 or the one mentioned above -LRB- available @ drugstore.com -RRB- before you decide to waste $ 130 !
 I bought this for myself and as a gift as I really like Fruits & Passion but this hand butter felt dry & hard . I had to dig my finger in to get some out and it did n't make my hand all that soft . I threw it out after a few months as it was laying in my drawer collecting dust .
 I really did not like this scent . It smelled cheap , and as it wore off , I disliked it even more . There 's alot of Escada perfumes that I 've used throughout the years -LRB- and continue to use -RRB- , however , this one , I do not like . . -LRB- every person does have different scent preferences though -RRB- . .
 Eveything went fine until I tried to get credit for a return . The hair dryer was defective . You have to call and get a code to make a return . That all went well and UPS picked it up at my house . However , it was a month after the return that I finally got credited back . I called and e-mailed with no repsonse and it was not until I placed a dispute with the credit card company that I got results . A bad way to do business !
 According to the only review , the Sol Ray Blow Dryer is rated at 4 stars and writes that he and friends have used it for a year . If it is so great why only a single review?It was recently featured on Fresh Gear so I would expect more reviews in the next month . Perhaps potential buyers should be cautious and wait for another review before paying $ 90 for a hair dryer .
 The items seem to be old stocks . . ??! If I 'll be sending these items as gifts , they could say that these are imitations and/or old stocks already . How do we prevent these scenarios ? Are these products really old stocks and/or original/brandnew ?
 I 've used this perfum for about 12 years , and this one I just got does n't smell like the others . I 'm really disappointed , and the worst part
 I purchased this conditioner after doing some searching for good products for color treated hair . This product with the shampoo had some of the best reviews , and responses . I did not go out and smell this somewhere else , so I went based strictly off the reviews . I will say that I love the way the shampoo smells . It has an almond scent combined with something else I ca n't quite put my finger on . It is n't overly powerful , just something light.The conditioner has a completely different scent . When I first applied it I really thought of flea and tick shampoo . I am not sure that it has that scent , but it definitely makes me think of times when I have bathed my dog . I have seen other promising reviews , so maybe my chemistry does not mix with it . I have tried mixing up the conditioner , and I 've used it a couple times hoping that it was just a fluke , sadly that has n't been the case . When I use this product I am left smelling like a wet poodle . I 've never had this happen with any other product.As far as the product conditioning properties , it has not provided any of the softness that I saw others post about . My hair is thick , and I do need conditioner as part of my regime . The only thing that I can think of with this particular product that was promising for me was that it is sulfate and dea free . While those are important factors for me , it is not enough for me to continue using this product .
 when received water was floating on top of lotion ... even when removed the surface water more water than lotion was noted ... no scent at all ... when applied very runny and not moisturizing ... will not purchase again ...
 I like the feel and scent of this lotion and it does not leave me feeling greasy whatsoever . It does have a lot of good , natural , plant-based essential oils and good stuff . However , it also has a lot of bad ingredients in it . Polyethylene Glycol -LRB- PEG -RRB- , Parabens , and other bad stuff . Seeing as how these are mostly -LRB- but not 100 % -RRB- in the product listing - I 've only just been reading about these chemicals as of recent . If I had researched this before I saw this product , then I would n't have bought it . Oh well .
 Besides other potentially harmful ingredients , this product contains Comfrey , which is a known liver toxin EVEN WHEN only applied to the skin -LRB- especially over a long period of time -RRB- . Physicians warn severely against even topical application of this substance . I would avoid this moisturizer until they get rid of obvious toxins that should n't even be applied to the skin , like this one .
 should be a big Zero stars ... has no fragrance and is not a body wash , it is Goop
 Used this as directed and gave me sores on my head , plus it did n't grow any hair .
 I love GOLDWEL but , at this price this product is a total miss . The hair product did not do anything it promised so ladies and gentlemen save your cash .
 I got this dryer about a year ago loved it . It dried my super thick hair quickly and made it very shiny . Now that I 've been using it for a year I have noticed that it 's scorching my hair . The ends of my hair will are very damaged and wo n't take my hair 's natural curl pattern anymore . I 've been drying and styling my hair for over almost 2 decades and have never ever had this happen to my hair . I can only attribute the problem to the dryer as my hair never did this with my old dryer . Unfortunately the medium heat setting is n't nearly hot enough and it takes forever to dry my hair . I 'm just going to replace it . I use heat protecting products by the way . So those that have it or get it , just be careful of the very high heat .
 I was very disappointed . I hoped getting a product by a company that makes things for curly hair , that they 'd understand the needs . This product , even if I used only a bit of it , made my hair stiff , crunchy and stuck together . I tried to squeeze and decrunch the hardness out of it , but I lost my curls . It took care of flyaways , but only because it made everything glued together . I 'm going back to Crew forming cream . It is the only thing that totally works to make my waves and curls get more shaped and not frizzy .
 I do n't know what 's different about this product compared to any other hair gel you could buy at a drugstore . What is different is the smell ... not so nice ... not a pleasant fragrance ... hard to describe . I went back to using my Nexxus Mousse Plus -- much better for volume and curls -LRB- I have fine dense hair -RRB- .
 Do n't like this product from Ouidad as much as some of the others . It has a strong clove smell ... too much for me ! Also seemed to make my hair feel dry when it dries - and I air dry !
 Bottle looked nothing like any Xeryus Rouge I have ever owned or seen online . The cologne also did not smell authentic .
 I ca n't get it to stay on my nails . Almost all of it peels off within 24 hours . I 'm new to this product , so I 'm going to keep trying . Previously I 've used Nail Envy by OPI and did n't have any issues . I was curious about the reviews to see if anyone else had the same problem , but I see they do n't . I do n't wear polish , so do n't know if that makes a difference , but the instructions say you do n't need to .
 I 've worn this fragrance for many years and received so many compliments ! I even had one man run after me -LRB- seriously ! -RRB- in a store asking what I was wearing :-RRB- But now ... I noticed changes a long time ago - the lotion that used to be so rich was now lightweight - both in texture and fragrance . Then the fragrance starting changing until today it is no longer the unique and wonderful fragrance it once was . They took a beautiful and classic fragrance and just ruined it . Another reviewer said it best - it now smells like bug spray.I quit buying two years ago . It 's like losing part of myself - I was so identified with Youth Dew .
 was very disapointed with this . it didnt smell as i remebered it actually smelled like it was old , very strong and unappealing . i used to wear this scent and if it had smelled like this i wouldnt have . what a shame some companies try to push off their old products in place of new .
 The scent of the item i received is far different from my many years Youth Dew !! I started wearing it 1n 1967 in Lisbon as a body oil , then i became an ` habitu&eacute;e ' , the problem is that i cant find them in Lisbon we do n't sell it here unfortunately.As i have another bad experience with one i ordered from UK i cant be sure if the quality droped or if there are a bad quality to send abroad . ? ana santos
 I believe Youth Dew by Estee Lauder was it 's first scent introduced back in the 1950 's . A must have for all perfume collectors such as myself ... but I do n't suggest wearing it ... Way too strong and woodsy . Smells like bug spray.Alcohol content in this seems very very high.My suggestion buy it for the bottle ... but keep the perfume in the bottle .
 I made this order . after i got it , i found out it was n't working . i plugged it & it refused to come on . it was a pure waste of my money because what 's the point if i ca n't use it . i should have gotten something better or more mature . Now i regret buying it .
 Sorry , I did n't expect premium quality at the price but this brush is really cheap quality , some of the outer bristles are bent back , not worth ordering . Go to Sally and get better quality for the same price range .
 A quick last-minute check of this brush before packaging would have revealed a large portion of the black glossy finish chipped from the surface . Makes me think it was used and passed off and sold as new .
 There is something wrong with the bristles -- they do n't hold the hair well & the brush is useless for teasing .
 I purchased this product hoping it would help with my tight curls , unfortunately it left my hair extremely dry . I tried using the mist to help , but that did not last long . Considering the amount of money I spent on this product I am extremely disappointed with the result . I ca n't stay it will not work for you , but it definitely did not work for me . My hair is short and kinky so if you have similar hair texture I would not recommend , but do your research and decide for yourself .
 I have really wavy and curly hair , so I thought this product would be great . It 's not worth the money ! It weighted my hair down so it was even less curly than without the product . It also make my hair look dirty . When I tried to return it , the people were very unhelpful an now I 'm out $ 70 for a product that does n't even work . Do n't waste your money !
 I ordered this product thinking it was a good thing . When I received it and tried it I found it was oily and yucky feeling on my hair . The company then sent me another package even though I said I did not want it and charged me $ 29.90 . I returned package to sender and because they did not receive in appropriate time frame charged my account another $ 19.95 . I called and told them I mailed it back 3 plus weeks before and gave them the tracking numbers to which they then credited my account $ 39.90 . When I called once again to ask where the remaining $ 9.95 was they said I was charged that amount for a restocking fee even though their advertisement clearing states FREE returns . This company is a JOKE and hopefully anyone considering ordering from them takes note . Otherwise you will feel as screwed as I do ... . HAVE A GREAT DAY !
 I know other people like this product , but it leaves my curls feeling VERY crunchy/crispy . I 've even tried using less and less amounts of the product each time , but it still leaves the wet/crunchy look.Considering the VERY expensive price tag , it is not worth your money.I use a gel by Redken that leaves my curls feeling soft and natural and takes care of the humidity factor just fine .
 Here 's what you may not know , when placing an order w/Ouidad ... In order to purchase the kit that is advertised on TV , you must enrollin their automatic delivery program ... Yes , that means ... you have tobuy the product , and authorize the Ouidad company to charge your creditcard , and automatically ship this product to you.I called , and asked for clarification ... did they really expect me toenroll in an automatic shipment program for a product I have yet to try ?? The customer service representative said , Yes . She also said that was the onlyway to purchase the kit advertised on TV ... It seems to me , that in this day and age , with the economy being what it is , perhaps Ouidad is more interested in lining her pockets , than to cater tocustomers ... how can you expect , in a struggling financial economy , for peopleto try a product , and then if you are not satisfied , deal with the credit cardcompany to stop Ouidad from continually billing and shipping to you ?? Is thishow a company should do business nowadays.Beware if you purchase , I read other reviews where Ouidad representatives wereNOT helpful to customers who were not satisfied and had trouble getting the auto-matic deliveries and charges stopped .
 I was very excited to receive this product . I actually purchased mine off of hsn . While the product definitely puts curl in your hair , my hair was left extremely dry and stiff . I used the product twice just to give it a fair shot and each time , the hair was left dry . I also used her leave-in . I used the leave-in once and also used the gel without the leave , just to see if there would be a difference . Also my hair is very thick african american hiar . Overall , I am very disappointed with this product .
 After reading the reviews with many people raving over this , I decided to give it a try . I have had many problems trying to tame my coarse , thick , frizzy hair . -LRB- It 's like Julia Roberts hair when she first appeared on the scene -RRB- My solution has always been to flat iron it . I really wanted to love this product . At first I thought it would work , but when my hair dried , it had less frizzies but it doubled in size . It turned into that 80s hair . I tried this a total of three times and the same thing happened . I decided to toss it . I wish it ended there . The first time flat ironing my hair after using the product my hair looked like straw . I had no idea what that stuff did to my hair . My hair has been extremely dry and even more frizzy since . It may work for people with thinner , softer hair but for me it did n't work . It made my hair worse .
 Just got the TV products the other day . I washed my hair as directed . Dried my hair as directed . Followed the instructions for the Botanical Boost and Climate Control and was NOT impressed with the outcome.I was expecting to have my curls more defined and less frizzy , but they were n't . My hair looked the same as if I did n't put anything in it at all , with the exception of it feeling like it needed to be washed again.I 've had more definition from a $ 4 can of mousse . When I got up the next morning , my hair was a wreck . There is NO way I could just spray some Botanical Boost and look good . Maybe this works at a salon with a stylist , but it 's not practical for at-home use.In my opinion , it 's just another niche-marketing sales gimmick . Save your money , buy the mousse !
 I was so excited to see this product on t.v. because I ca n't find something that 'll not make my curls hard . Well this product definitely does n't make your curls hard because it does n't even work ! After I applied the gel and the spray it was as if I had n't even put anything in my hair and it was so frizzy . I thought my hair might be too curly so I tried in on my little sister in law that has wavy hair and it did n't do anything for her either . I do n't understand how anyone likes this product because it does nothing to your hair ! Biggest waste of money ! Stick with store gel !
 When trying to purchase the kit advertised on tv , you must enroll in their auto-ship program . You are assured , however , that if you do not like the product you can cancel within 30 days and only be billed for the inital shipment.What they do n't tell you , is that they bill you 30 days from your order date , not 30 days after you receive the shipment . By the time you receive the shipment -LRB- 3 weeks later -RRB- , you have only days to try it and decide if you want to cancel the auto-ship . My original order was placed on 5/10/2011 . I called on 6/9/2011 to cancel the auto-shipment/renewal . They told me my card was already pending a charge for the auto renew on 6/10 and the renewal order could no longer be cancelled , but that all future shipments would be cancelled.Seeing to sense in paying another $ 15 in shipping and handling to send it back , I held onto the June 10th shipment and figured I would eventually use the product . Lesson learned.Imagine my surprise when I have ANOTHER pending charge on my credit card on July 12th . I waited 15 min on hold to speak with a `` customer service '' representive . When questioning why I was still being charged after cancelling the renewal over a month ago , I was told the June shipment was billed in 3 installments `` for your convenience . `` This product did NOT do what it said it would -LRB- although it is not the WORST product out there -- it 's in line with the $ 3 suave you can get at walmart -RRB- ; however , their customer service is a sham and NOT worth the hassle!Beware of dealing directly with Ouidad -- purchase somewhere else -LRB- Sephora -RRB- if you really want to try this product . This company does NOT treat their customers well !!
 After reading the materials that were sent to me and getting Ouidad to send me a tiny sample -LRB- after practically begging and trying to get them to understand that I was not going to pay their outrageous price for something I had never used before -RRB- , I was enthusiastic and sure that this product would work -LRB- after the claims they make about the product in their materials , you would have thought this was a miracle product ! -RRB- , so I pre-conditioned my hair and washed with an organic shampoo -LRB- Shea Moisture - which is FABULOUS -RRB- . My hair was so soft and shiny and I was , as mentioned , very excited to see what the gel was going to do to control my curls . YUCK ! This product left my hair DULL and curls CRUNCHY and dry . I could n't believe it had taken away my shine and soft curls . I ended up having to wash it out of my hair and start all over again!This product does not seem to be for African-American natural curls , as I should have figured from the photos on the materials that were sent . All the models were Caucasian except for two African-American women who clearly did not have tightly-woven curls , but more so straight , fine hair.NOT WORTH IT !!!!!!
 Got this as a free deluxe sample at Sephora . Was underwhelmed . Did not manage my hair , or do anything to make it less frizzy . In fact , it made my hair dry and lifeless . I still have three unused large samples ... I wil give them away or toss.Also , I put a well thought out , but critical review on Quidad 's website . They did not print it . If you go to their website , ALL the reviews are positive . Not credible at all . Just leaves a bad taste .
 This product , along with the Botanical Boost , did absolutely nothing for my curly hair . Looks exactly the same as it always did even after using it several times . Just a gimmick !
 Well . . this product made my hair have even more frizz . . it didnt hold a curl . . HMMMM not for me
 I have extremely thick & curly hair . After reading so many of the great reviews , I bought this product and used it exactly as instructed with very poor results . In fact , my regular VO5 moose and Redken hair lotion worked 10 times better than this product . My hair was left dry and curls frizzy after using Ouidad . Maybe it works for thinner curly hair , but very thick hispanic hair this product does not live up to its promise .
 I have really wavy and curly hair , so I thought this product would be great . It 's not worth the money ! It weighted my hair down so it was even less curly than without the product . It also make my hair look dirty . When I tried to return it , the people were very unhelpful an now I 'm out $ 70 for a product that does n't even work . Do n't waste your money !
 I recently purchased a Ouidad package . When it came in the mail , the conditioner had spilled out all over everything . I emailed the customer service staff and they responded it was the fault of UPS . Okay , well that could be the case IF the package was dented in any way . It was not , so I told them the conditioner must have left their facility with a loose top . They denied it , and were rude . Needless to say , I did not get to try the products yet , but regardless , I wo n't be ordering from them again . A customer should at the very least , leave satisfied , if not happy . I was neither .
 Well this was my first time trying Brut and I am disappointed with how it smells . Either amazon sent me a stale bottle -LRB- as if it matters -RRB- or it is popular in certain type of people : - -RRB- I did not like the perfume .
 Terrible . I 'm ashamed to give it away . A skunk might find this odor to his taste . Maybe Pepy Le Phoooo .
 It smells like a barber shop , that 's about it . I 'm only giving it 2 stars because it 's good to spray on sweaty workout clothing to make it smell better .
 Gifted half a dozen of them to my dad since he is a big fan of Brut , unfortunately he didnt like it so much . Says that the fragrance does n't match the original Brut . Disappointed !!
 THIS IS A PICE OF JUNK - NOT CHI AS STATED.SHOULD HAVE KNOW THAT YOU CA N'T BUY CHI FOR PRICE IT SOLD FOR LESS THAN $ 25.00 . DOES NOT GET HOT EVEN ON THE HIGH SETTING . THE CLIP DOES NOT HOLD TIGHT AND HAIR SLIPS OUT VERY EASY . SAVE YOUR MONEY DO N'T GET THIS - GO FOR THE REAL CHI .
 This product was a fake perfume . I still have an original bottle with few drops ... different fragrance and bottle.Didn ' t expect that Amazon LLC to sell such kind of products .
 This `` conditioner '' had zero condition in it . It was very thin , not creamy , and left my hair begging for moisture . I could only use it for 1 week before I had to throw it away and get special repair products to mend my parched locks . I do n't recommend this product . -LRB- I also had the shampoo -RRB-
 I bought this product b/c of the positive reviews , which seldom leads me wrong . I was so anxious for the product to come and when it did I sat down and read the instructions thoroughly b/c I wanted it to work for my hair . Well , what a disappointment !!!! This product did NONE of the things described on the box or on the Amazon webpage . Just a waste of good hard earned money -LRB- $ 18 -RRB- and 2 hours of my time . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT AS A RELAXER or ANTI-FRIZZER ... for all hair types as is stated on Amazon 's website **** What a scam ! I am requesting a full refund !
 The only thing of value in this product is the high priced marketing . used it 3 times , to ensure I used it properly-hair perfect dampness , used different amounts . SAVE YOUR MONEY !!! My hair looked the same as if it were without any product . But , hey , guys at Phyto ? Good Marketing !!!!
 After reading all the reviews , I bought this product with such high hopes to help tame my coarse , curly hair . I wish I had n't wasted my money .
 Heard about this product in some major fashion mags . bought it , tried it and not impressed . There are MANY hair relaxing/straightening balms , creams , serums , etc. on the market and this one , for me , is n't any better than some others I 've tried . P.S. I have naturally kinky hair .
 I purchased this product because I read that it was supposed to take the frizz out of your hair and make it soft and smooth . Well , it did n't do anything like that . I 'm sorry , but would not purchase again . Maybe it will work for someone that does not color their hair .
 I bought this product due to reviews . I wonder who does these positive reviews . It 's pricey for such a small product . It did nothing to my hair . I expected to feel/see some difference and nothing . It did absolutely nothing for my hair .
 My hair is more wavy than curly and during the summer it is frizzy as well . This product made my hair feel soft and improved the frizziness , but as far as straightening hair ... NO . After blow drying it looked the same . I still needed to use a flat iron throughout my entire head , not just for touchups . I tried letting it air dry , no change . It 's too expensive for a product that does what many cheaper salon products do .
 Very disappointed as It would n't stay on . But I think for the time it stayed on it did help with my problem .
 If you tighten the band enough to straighten your toe , it cuts off cirulation . It also takes up quite a bit extra space in your shoe . I would not recomend this product
 Kept sliding off toe . Very hard to adjust tightness . Never did much to straighten toe . Podiatrist said it was a waste of moneyl
 Product stays put on my second toe only when sitting down and not moving . Once I start to walk , the toe straightener keeps slipping and my second toe starts to overlap .
 This does n't work at all . It is not strong enough to flatten the toes and hold them in place . It only causes pain .
 This product did not help my hammer toe at all . It is thin cheap material that does not stand up to the pressure of a hammer toes . This was a waste of money .
 This is a very cheap product but probably it is similar to any competitor product . It just did n't seem to work for me and it also was poorly made , but again , maybe all these type products are disappointing . After wearing it twice , it fell apart and became worthless junk ...
 The description sounded great but the product was a disappointment . Instead of helping to straighten a hammer toe and relieve my discomfort , it irritated the toe and was quite uncomfortable to wear . It is possible that others with this condition may find that this product has helped them . However , I stopped using it after only one day .
 Pedifix Toe Straightener : It didnt stay on . I tried to leave it on at night but always came off . It didnt fit well inside the shoe either .
 The most uncomfortable thing ever , would not recommend . It hurt my toe and was a bloody pain to put on .
 A total waste of your . Uncomfortable , bulky , does n't stay put and too big to wear with shoes , I had the surgery instead of looking for more fixes .
 Save your money ! While the product provides a little support , other than that it does n't do much . The elastic over the toe has to be extremely tight to feel any support , and consequently , the elastic stretched out very quickly . Try the Silipos gel toe crest . I 've been much happier with that !
 I hoped this item would help my crooked 4th toe . But it does not fit my toe , and is uncomfortable . There are no `` Pedifix Toe Straighteners '' for the 4th toe . I will not send it back as I will have to pay for shipping . I would not recommend it .
 The picture of the item on the foot model -LRB- who obviously does not have hammer toes -RRB- makes the product look like it would work , but it does n't work . Hammer toes are tough customers and need a very strong corrective action . Even when you crank down on the over-the-toe piece of this contraption , it 's not enough to hold the hammer toe straight . Plus , cranking down on it cuts off toe circulation ... wished it worked , but it does n't .
 Do n't buy this product ! It is a waste of money and does not work . In order to get the elastic to straighten your toe , you must pull it tightly . It cut the circulation off to my toe and left ridges on my skin.Returning it was too much of a hassle .
 I have no clue how this is suppose to straighten your toe . I had this on my toe for 3 days . It was uncomfortable and it was a relief as soon as I took it off . When I washed it , the cloth and strap came right off the pad . I was very upset and disappointed with this product . This is a cheap and worthless item . DO NOT PURCHASE !!!
 This product did not work for me . It would not stay in place on the ball of the foot and the little strap that goes over the toe would not stay in place either . It was a waste of money for me . The product itself was well made .
 I do n't know if the minature was exposed to air and the fragrance gone bad or if it really stinks `` green '' . It landed in the trash .
 You can purchase from Discount Jungle ... IF YOU WANT A KNOCK OFF Hai convert . flat iron.When I received my packet and open it.I realized this flat iron is an IMITATION ... If you do n't mind ... then ahead & purchase it.IF YOU EVER HAD THE ORIGNAL HAI . YOU CAN TELL THE DIFFERENCE IN QUALITY IN THE CERAMIC , CASING , ETC.OH ... Discount Jungle had the nerves to charge me a re-stock fee ...
 I purchased the HAI Classic Convertable 1-1/4 '' Ceramic Styling Iron in May 2007 . I absolutely loved it until ... 3 months later the blue plating started to peel off . Thankfully HAI.com replaced the defective iron at no cost due to my one-year warranty . The iron was great until the same thing started to happen AGAIN , the blue plating started to peel off . HAI.com did replace my iron at no charge however , i refused to try this iron again . They gave me the Nustik and so far it has been OK . The classic was a great iron until the plating started to come off . So just beware that it CAN happen , TWICE .
 I bought this perfume as a gift for someone in their late forties , and it smelled terrible to them and myself . I thought this perfume would be really good for a mature gift for a woman , but I had no idea it should have been for an older woman in her sixties . I saw all of the good feedback , but in the end it was a major disappointment for a Christmas gift .
 Waste of money - not the Vanderbilt light spray cologne/body mist I desired . Very disappointed . What happened to the ` good stuff ' ??
 I bought 4 bottles of this product . On receipt , we found three of four bottles were defective . BEWARE!DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT ! THE SPRAY NOZZLES ARE DEFECTIVE !!!
 This was puchased from an independent contractor . The shipping was supposed to be free . Amazon informed me that the product was not available and that my credit card was not charged . Several days later I received an email saying that my item had been shipped . When I checked my credit card bill I was charged $ 27.00 to ship a $ 9.99 item that was supposed to ship free . My direct Amazon experience has been great but this was a rip-off .
 THIS AI N'T WAHT I USED TO USE !!!!!! I REMEMBER A NICE LONG LASTING BEAUTIFUL SCENT . THIS IS PURE WATER . DO N'T SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS OR YOU WILL BE SADLY DISAPPOINTED ON THIS PURCHASE . I WAS SHOCKED HOW BAD PERFUME IS GETTING TO BE NOW , I WOULD RATHER WARE NOTHING THAN SPEND MY HARD EARNED DOLLAR ON SOMETHING THAT IS PURE GARBAGE !
 I ordered perfume . I got a leaky bottle of spray that smells nothing like it . Very disappointed . Had to purchase a real bottle and throw this junk out . Total waste of my money .
 Was not happy that is was n't factory sealed so I question if it is real or a knock-off ?? So far it smells the same .
 I would love to say that this product worked wonders for me , but sadly , it did not . I followed all of the directions , but the product did nothing for me . I mean nothing . Since so many people swear by it , I will give this product the benefit of the doubt , and say that it is possible that I may have received an expired product .
 I went to my hairdresser on January 5 and she suggested using the Olive Oil no lye relaxer . This is one of the biggest mistakes I 've ever made in my life . Yes it makes you hair straight , to the point where you can see you scalp . Today is February 17 and I have still have bald spots . I have resorted to wearing a wig as my hair looks so terrible . I 'm hoping that this STUFF will wear out of my hair and I will NEVER , NEVER , NEVER AGAIN have this STUFF put in my hair .
 I read a lot of reviews before deciding on this relaxer . As a result I had very high hopes . This relaxer was on sale -LRB- $ 3.99 -RRB- at my local BSS which is another reason why I purchased it . This was my first time self relaxing since I 've been on my healthy hair journey and I wanted to be careful not to suffer a setback . My hair did n't shed as much as I anticipated but this relaxer did n't take at all . I have very fine 4b hair and had n't relaxed in 3 months . I had a good bit of new growth so I used a good amount and even left it on for 16 min . -LRB- Whenever I self relaxed before my journey I would rinse out after 12 min bcuz my hair is too fine for that bone str8 look . -RRB- I do n't know if my hair is just growing more coarse now and I needed to leave it on longer or what but this relaxer really did n't take at all which is something I 've never experienced in over 20 years of relaxing .
 This totally fried my hair . I 'm mixed and I have extremely curly hair . I did exactly what the directions said and ` totally fried ' is an understatement . Maybe it will work better in your hair ? I would n't do it though .
 I have used this product for over a year with good results but in December I used a kit and whoa , terrible results . I applied relaxer as directed and left it on 12 minutes -LRB- I have fine hair but a lot of it -RRB- and after using the neutralizing shampoo -LRB- amazing for softening and conditioning -RRB- and the ORS deep conditioner in the kit -LRB- pure garbage -RRB- -- the results on my hair were not good . There was a clear line of demarcation between previous relaxed hair -LRB- using ORS -RRB- and this new touch-up that did not come out straight , or even wave . This NL relaxer just made my hair extremely rough looking , dull and lifeless . Seems like a change in formula , ORS , not a smart move -- at all.It has taken me 2 months of weekly rounds of deep conditioning with Nexxus Emergencee , Rolland Rebuild therapy -LRB- great for moisturizing -RRB- still the demarcation was still very visible . I finally I tried another deep protein conditioner Mega Tek -- $ 29 on Amazon , and with NExxus Headdress -LRB- leave in -RRB- , Argan oil and a hot flat iron , was able to get my hair to bouncy and shiny again . No more bun to hide the ORS damage . I do n't think I will use ORS NoLye relaxer again .
 Ive been using this relaxer for a while now and couldn understand why i was experiencing a terribly dry itchy scalp . On top of that i also noticed that i was loosing more hair daily than a animal shedding their fur in the spring time ! This experience has been traumatic and life altering and i am highly considering filing a claim against the company . If anyone has suffered from a bad experience such as me , please contact me personally via email at Neyshera@yahoo.com
 The picture clearly shows the normal strength . What I recieved was the extra strength . I called to find out why and they said it does n't state a strength on the web page ? The picture clearly shows the normal strength box.They said to send it back and if the normal was available they would ship it once they talked to the shipping dept. I have decided to keep it and not deal with the hassle . Hope my hair will be okay .
 do n't use it , biiiiig no . nothing ever affected my hair , i have a good quality hair , this one , placed it on my hair for 5 min , and that is it !! looks bad , feels bad , dry , lost its shine ... . trust me on this , you do n't want to use this horrible thing on your hair : @
 I had read that I could use this product on my extra curly hair to get it to straighten . But I found out it just dried it out very much . It straightened it for about 2 weeks but it was so dry it felt like hay . DO NOT USE IT IF YOU ARE WHITE NO MATTER WHAT IT SAYS .
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT ABOUT A WEEK AGO , I PUT IT ON , AFTER 3 OR 4 MINUTES I FELT MY HAIR AND IT DID N'T FEEL RIGHT I QUICKLY RAN IN THE SHOWER TO WASH IT OUT BUT I WAS TOO LATE ... MY HAIR WAS FALLING OUT IN CHUNKS I WAS DEVASTATED :-LRB- , AND WHAT WAS LEFT WAS GOOEY LIKE TEXTURE , DRY AS HAY . IM NOW DOING HAIR TREATMENT FOR THE HAIR I STILL HAVE EVERY OTHER DAY ... THE LUCKY THING IS I ALREADY HAD SHORT HAIR SO PULLING OFF A SHORTER HAIR STYLE WAS EASY FOR ME , I ALSO HAD THICK AND FULL HAIR AND IT BURN TO THE SCALP ON THE TOP CENTER OF MY HEAD BUT I HAD PLENTY OF HAIR THAT I WAS ABLE TO COVER IT WITHOUT ANYONE KNOWING WHAT HAPPEN TO ME . NOT EVERYONE CAN COME OUT LIKE I DID SO I TOTALLY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT UNLESS YOUR LOOKING TO GO BALD .
 After seeing the claims for the Olive Oil Relaxer on Tyra Banks Show , I purchased it . Used it according to the directions , but at the end or the process , when combing with the oil conditioner ; hunks of my hair came out in the comb . This happened about 4 times . My hair is now shorter than before . This Relaxer seemed to be worse for me than others I have used , even though it had good conditioners .
 It is a dirty coloured liquid with hardly any scent . I am highly disappointed as this was a Christmas gift for my mother
 I thought that I would give this fragrance a try . I do n't have much luck with fragrances , must be my body chemistry . But again , this did not smell good on me at all , but fortunately the fragrance does not last long so I did not offend anyone else .
 I ordered this to try on my toddler son 's horrible eczema . It did absolutely nothing to help . I had read reviews and about half said it helped , half said it did n't so I thought it was worth a shot . Unfortunately , with eczema everyone is different and finding what works is a lot of trial and error . Definitely error for us with this product , although it could be helpful to someone else .
 This lotion made my skin streaky once I got out of the tanning booth . It made one part of my leg tan and the other part pale . It also left streaks down my leg that were BRIGHT ORANGE . D
 Not at all impressed . This stuff was very watery , and sticky on my skin . I used it twice , and saw no difference in color . Probably would not buy again ...
 I recently started tanning and did n't want to buy an expensive bottle of lotion . I should 've just spent the money because this gave me a RASH all over my body and face . Too bad a tan ca n't hide my oozing sores ! I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 I bought the new 40 oz shampoo and conditioner . My wife and I could not figure out how to release the new two toned pump . There are no directions and we tried everything we could think of . Ridiculous marketing or we just happened to get two bad pumps on two different products . I think not .
 Pros - did not irritate my scalp or skinCons - This is the messiest , drippiest hair color I have ever used . It does n't last very long -LRB- less than other non-permanent brands -RRB- . It has a very red tone . If that is what you are looking for , you might like it , but I wanted more like the actual color honey brown .
 I loved smelling this on my husband ; so I thought I 'd purchase it for Christmas . Well , maybe I got a bad batch , but it came to me today smelling like vinegar and not anything remotely good . The Amazon rep said perhaps I should keep it in my glovebox to throw at any potential attackers it 's THAT BAD.Of course , I could 've just received a bad batch , but I wo n't order through Amazon again . Perhaps it 's just old stock , where the ingredients just changed their composition -LRB- or decomposition ? -RRB- . I 'll head to the department store , where at least I can smell it before I buy it !
 The spray top on the bottle of cologne does not work -- wo n't even go up and down -- can not pump it & the cap will not come off -- at least easily . . soI have been using the after shave & that is fine ... exactly the smell Iremembered from yrs ago .
 There 's another Grey Flannel spray that comes in almost the same exact bottle , has the exact same name , but the colour of the bottle is actually lighter . For those who have the lighter one and like it , DO NOT pick this package up as the fragrance is way too sharp , rough , and horrible . It was so bad that I had to return it.Apparently they stopped making the lighter version , but you can find a few bottles still every once in a while .
 I have one of these , and it is made out of metal . I reside in Maui , so I use it many times a week . I ordered this product , thinking it was made out of metal as it does n't specify in the details . Its cheap plastic , and I know after a couple of times it is going to break . It is very poorly made . It comes unassembled , and the material parts do n't even fit no matter how much you stretch them , it just twists and alters the cheap plastic frame . I thought it was going to break in just tryiing to put it together . What a waste of money . I had to pay for the shipping back and and that cost half of what I paid for this terrible product . Believe me , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! Cheap imitation to the one that you can find at Walmart in the summer .
 I went out on a limb and purchase this very expensive hair dryer.Since my stylist used it in his salon , I thought I was purchasing a very good quality dryer . Well , I 've had it about 2 years and the heating element has broken . I can not find HaIonic anywhere on the web to see about a warranty . Anyone know how/where to find them to get this fixrd or replaced?janemcguire@verizon.netThanks
 ORDER THIS 2MTHS AGO FOR ME AND MY 2GIRLS WHICH ARE MIX BLACK/HISPANIC . THIS PRODUCT DIDNT DO GOOD AT ALL FOR ME NOR MY GIRLS HAIR AND WILL NOT ORDER AGAIN . WAS TO GREASY WHICH I DONT LIKE AT ALL AND DIDNT LEAVE OUR HAIR SOFT TO THE TOUCH . DIDNT LIKE AT ALL.ONLY REASON I GIVE 2STARS BECAUSE IT DO HAVE A PLEASENT SENT.OTHER THAN THAT BAD HAIR PRODUCT TO USE ON ANY HAIR TYPE .
 This stuff smells amazing , but no matter how much of it I put in my hair , it ends up being way too greasy :-LRB- I 'm not sure if this is for African-American Women or other hair types only , if it is I do apologize , but it is way too greasy for a normal to dry hair ... it does smell amazing though !
 My husband and I decided to update our shampoo . We bought the complete Pantene Relaxed and Natural Line . Of course ... he just uses whatever I wash my hair with anyways . I used the moisturizer and hated how hard and rough my hair felt . I have healthy relaxed hair and this product almost felt as if I put some sort of gel in my hair . My husband likes it and I have to admit , it makes his hair smell and feel nice . He has no chemicals and he gets a haircut every week anyways , so im not even sure if he really counts . I wont even bother using the shampoo or conditioner . I mentioned my experienc with these products to my hairstylists who said `` oh no ! That stuff is not good for african american hair ! '' . She referred me to use the Organic Root Stimulator line . My next stop after work is to pick their moisturizer and give it a try . My husband can have the Pantene ! That stuff will never ever touch my hair again !
 I forgot to mention that it did not cover the gray as it would not work into my hair . The little that i did get in did not give me any hightlights at all .
 THIS WAS A TOTAL WASTE OF OUR MONEY -- the product was all dried up and did nothing on my duaghter ; s hair ... then I pulled the packet out of the trash and saw it was months beyond its `` USE BY '' date . VERY DISAPPOINTED and will never order from them again !
 I got this product because of the reviews I read from the internet.I am allergic to hair dye so I thought I would give this a try sinceit received great reviews . First of all , it did not cover my gray hair . After Iused it , I read in the product insert that it will really not cover gray hair.Second , it made my hair shiny for a while but after a few days the shine was gone.Third , it made me itch a bit but nothing to be alarmed about.I still gave it 2 stars since this is the first time I used it . Maybe onthe 2nd or 3rd application , it will have better results . Also , it 's very affordable !
 The product was green like spinach when mixed and looked like mud . It smelled really bad and did nothing for my hair . The color certainly did n't look anything like the picture on the box . Do n't waste your money !
 This product does not work -- I used it for two months with no results . In fact , it made my skin look more lined and tired . I 'm convinced any good reviews of this product are being posted by the company itself . I feel like an idiot for buying this product -LRB- which does not offer returns -RRB- . Save your money !
 THIS WAS THE WORST HAIR PRODUCT THAT I EVER USED . IT HAD A TERRIBLE ODOR ANDIT TURNED MY HAIR RED .
 Background : I used the mix on my overprocessed honey blonde hair with dark ash blonde roots.Results
 It was a lot smaller than what I thought and was oily on my skin . Too expensive for a product that is similar to cheaper products off the shelf .
 I purchased this product hoping that because of it 's description -LRB- highly pigmented , for covering hyperpigmentation and scars , etc. -RRB- it would actually cover freckles and blemishes . The concealer disappears from my skin within an hour of application . I 've tried applying it in layers , frequent re-application , etc. without success . I 've come to the conclusion that I wasted the $ 18.00 I spent on this product , as I have had better success with drug store concealers such as Maybelline and L'oreal .
 Ever since i started using this cleanser , i had these red bumps all over my chin . . it was hideous . Once i changed cleanser it went away . would never ever buy this again . .
 I have used this before on my arms and legs , and it did n't make a difference for my KP , but it also did n't make it worse . I decided to try it on my face -LRB- I do n't have kp on my face , and I do n't have acne either -RRB- as a nice change because my forehead had been getting oily lately . After several uses , I started noticing tiny little bumps popping up alllll over my face . My face seriously looked like I had goose bumps all the time . I immediately stopped using it , and it took over a week for my skin to completely clear up ! After I stopped using the cetaphil , I went back to my regular cleanser and moisturizer and those stung my face -LRB- and they are VERY gentle -RRB- . I will never use this again !
 I selected this skin cleanser because I have sensitive skin , and was looking for a gentle cleanser that would also remove makeup . I have used regular Cetaphil cleanser in the past , so was somewhat familiar with the product . While it generally goes without saying that facial cleansers should n't be used near the eyes , I have seen this product recommended for removing eye makeup , and there are no warnings of any kind on the bottle . The product is supposed to be gentle enough for babies , so I thought it would be safe around my eyes as well.The first night I used it to remove makeup -LRB- including mascara -RRB- , I woke up at 4:00 a.m. with one of my eyes weeping . I had to flush it out with water . Later that morning I had a painful stye in the other eye . Since this is a gentle cleanser , I did n't think it could be the culprit ; I stopped wearing eye makeup altogether thinking it might be contaminated . I used this cleanser again , this time completely avoiding the eye area , but both of my eyelids swelled up . One of them was swollen for several days . I stopped using the Cetaphil and returned to my old product , and the swelling has gone away . I have n't noticed any problems since I stopped using this product.I 'm sure this is a good product for some , but there is something in this cleanser that I react negatively to . Since it is marketed as `` gentle '' , that really perplexes me . Given my experience , I would n't use this on a baby as is recommended . I do n't intend to steer people away from this product , but please do n't assume that because it is considered `` gentle '' that you wo n't encounter issues with it .
 Wow , this cleanser has gotten so many positive reviews across many boards and forums . I have very sensitive skin and unfortunately , the very bad habit of being a facial skincare products junkie . I was hooked on using a cream cleanser by Estee Lauder but my pockets were going empty so I decided to try out the drugstore options . For my first forray , I decided , thanks to all teh glowing reviews , to try out Cetaphil . At the time , I was also experiencing mild acne , and yes , many reviewers also pointed out Cetaphil helped `` cure '' them of acne problems -LRB- though there 's no acne-fighting ingredients such as benzoyl peroxide in it -RRB- . So I figured to give it a shot , and at $ 10 for a BIG bottle , I thought it was a good investment.Gave it a go that night . The stuff did not foam , which is ok with me , but what was not ok was the smell . I hesitated to rub it on my face , then took the plunge . Felt immediate stinging , which was a bit of a shock . Washed it off , still continued to feel the stinging so I went over my face more thoroughly with my washcloth . My skin felt really irritated , and I was preplexed since Cetaphil is supposed to be so mild and gentle . Alas , the next mornign I woke up with two fresh , new lovely pimples on my cheeks -LRB- which incidentally was where I first applied the cleanser -RRB- . Was n't thinking and again washed with Cetaphil . The whole day , my coworkers kept asking if I was sick because my face was really red and flushed . That night I just washed with water , no soaps at all , and dabbed medication on my pimples.Guess what ? My skin has improved since I stopped using Cetaphil . I am now using Purpose cleanser and my skin is ok . Just to check , I did try Cetaphil once again and woke up with a new pimple and flushed skin . So now that huge bottle of Cetaphil is just languishing away and taking up space in the medicine cabinet.I honestly do not know why it did not work for me . I 've read rumors that Cetaphil contains SLS which is known to irritate some people 's skin . That could very well be my case , but I know I use shampoos with SLS and they havent bothered me -LRB- then again I do not rub shampoo on my face ... -RRB- . Guess I am the one dissenter who does not like Cetaphil .
 NEVER RECEIVED ITEMS -- TRIED TWICE , NO RESPONSE
 Product is not the same bottle or color as the Max Factor Whipped Cream Cool Beige 309 as shown . The make up color label is clearly an add on sticker and the rest of the labeling is not the same as shown in ad . It makes you beleive your getting the true formula , I suppose . The makeup is much lighter than the Max Factor Whipped Cream Cool Beige 309 in the older bottles , like the one that is presented in the ad . The makeup seems more '' runny or watery '' than any of this product I have used in the past .
 I purchased this on the recommendations of friends and I must say the color is stunning . I purchased the Blue Black , but after the 1st day the color bled onto my sheets and my pillow cases . I was mortified to say the least especially after I rinsed it out again to make sure it did not bleed again but to no avail it did . I will never ever purchase this again . But the color for that one day was gorgeous , it just is ` nt worth it .
 This site sucks . . My order has not yet arrived , Im very dissapointed . I was roibbed . . I paid for a product , you got my money and still havent deliver .
 The shades are nice and stick well to previously dyed hair , but do not cover the gray roots as they grow out .
 I knew it was temporary , but it hardly showed up at all and lasted a day . Maybe on blonde hair it would last and show up longer , but anything beyond a light brown and you really will need Manic Panic or something .
 I expected to receive beautiful , luscious brown locks from this bottle of Jazzing hair dye . After all , the product claimed to produce a chestnut brown tint . Instead of a warm brown , I ended up seeing streaks of a bright blue amidst the brown colored hair . I followed the directions , thoroughly washed my hair , and I still could not believe what my mirror was reflecting back to me . Blue hair ?! This review simply serves as a warning to those wishing to achieve warm brown hair
 If you have hard water the life span of your ShowerTek Fog Free mirror is a few months . The unit leaks so much water that you 'll get hard water stains all over the mirror and in the drain hole in back . You 'll need to use CLR or other cleaning products designed to remove hard water to get the mirror cleaned up enough for you to be able to see it -LRB- as if fogging up is n't bad enough -RRB- . If ShowerTek could redesign this so that the water circulates and goes back into the shower head instead of all over the mirror it would get 4 stars from me . Until then the next best solution is to buy a water softener ...
 Attached it to my shower and found that the water sprays out through the joints of the switching knob when you turn it to on -LRB- as in having the water flow through the mirror rather than the shower head so that I could shave -RRB- . Wettest shower I ever had . Tried a few things to get it to work better but ended up taking it off after a week of getting sprayed in the eyes while I tried to shave .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000184Z1G Adagio Marketing ShowerTek WV2 The Original Fog Free Shower Mirror -RSB- I have owned this in the past and not been satisfied , but when it was the only one available on Amazon with the features I wanted , I got it again and now it 's worse than the first one I owned . The first one was only a pain to try to clean and the mirror is not receptive to normal cleaners and gets spotty . The new one has leaks at some of the connection spots and squirts out of the valve switch when the flow of water is opened to de-fog the mirror . So , great , I can shave but now either my walls , floors , or ceiling will be soaked , depending on how I position the bendable arm mount -LRB- which , again , also leaks depending on how you bend it -RRB- .
 i waited 2 weekes for this product to only get an email saying my order has been cancelled . bad business ethics and i would never buy anything from them in the future nor will any of my friends of family
 My guess would be this mirror works very well as a fog less mirror . I would n't know , because the valve that controls water flow to the mirror burst within two minutes the first time I used it.The valves on this product are obviously of poor quality . Water was leaking from both valves when I first installed the mirror . When I went to play with the valve that turns water on and off to the mirror itself , that valve burst.This seems like a very good idea , but this product is poorly manufactured .
 I ordered this as a replacement for the more expensive model which was out of stock . I should have waited for the more expensive model . I installed the cheapo model WV2 yesterday and . . One valve can only be turned with pliers and the other valve turns easily , but the flow of water is unchanged . The arm is too short . It is impossible for me to get the mirror in the right position . As advertised , the mirror does not fog but you waste too much water in the process . I called the showerTec 800 number for help this morning , but alas no returned my call .
 While the basic premise of this product is flawless , that is the warm water running down the back of the mirror does indeed keep it fog free , the goose neck from the diverter to the mirror is far too short.I am an average height man -LRB- 5 ' 10 '' -RRB- and it is very difficult for me to get the mirror into a position that I can really use because the goose neck is just so short . I 've checked and double checked that our shower head is installed at a typical height and the mirror is still too high to be useful.Also I have experienced the issue with the valves comming undone when you attempt to operate them , that is the valve to divert water to the mirror comes completely out of its seat if you twist just a little too far . Nothing starts the morning off right like a jet of hot water hitting the bathroom ceiling .
 When I turned on the water a valve above the mirror shot out . This flooded my bathroom . I replaced the valve and o-ring but then the same thing happened a second time . There does n't seem to be anything wrong with the mirror , just bad design . Do n't think my water pressure is unusually high .
 HAD ONE FOR 15 YEARS WORKED GREAT AND DID N'T LEAK NOW THE NEW DESIGN AND IT IS A MIRRIOR THAT LEAKS ALLL OVER THE PLACE WHO EVERY MADE THE NEW THE DESIGN SHOULD BE FIRED DID N'T THEY TRY IT BEFORE THEY DID AWAY WITH THE O-RINGS AND CHAGED THE DESIGN FOR THE WATER SUPPLY FOR THE MIRROS THAT LEAKS AND SPRAYS WATER ALL OVER THE SHOWER
 The product worked just as expected other than one huge problem . It 's design is complete junk . My wife was cleaning the shower one day and knocked the mirror off where the bendable arm attaches to the valves . Since that day I have not been able to use it and that has been 3 to 4 months ago . I ca n't get it back together no matter how hard I try and I am a fairly strong guy . It 's suppose to be able to snap right back together but I have spent hours on it and have had no luck .
 plastic parts are flimpsy and leatpoor design of razor holder ; razor falls down to the floor
 inexpensive , but looks cheap , does n't work that well ; fell apart and I could n't get it back together . -LRB- Replaced a stainless steel one -- now costs $ 100 -- that broke after 10 years . -RRB-
 The fog free mirror works , but the flexible arm comes apart every time you adjust the mirror . Also leaks at connection with piping .
 - The height is random , and usually too high . This is because it screws onto the shower line and where it stops is random
 The Shower Tek mirror accomplishes its main mission
 After reading the reviews , I decided to take a chance and buy this mirror , as I am tired of replacing other fog free mirrors once their coating wears off.Yes , the build quality of this product is poor . Yes , it is easy to break apart the bending arm -LRB- it pops back together -RRB- . Yes , the valves are useless - they are much too difficult to turn by hand , and feel that they could break off at any moment . Yes , the fixture could easily leak.Knowing all of this , if you are careful , you can install the mirror fixture with no problems.One tip
 Shaving in the shower is something I 've been doing for many years , and I think it 's the only way to go . You can stand up straight and really get your face wet and soapy.For many years , I have used a very cheap suction cup fog free mirror . I 'm sure I 've used mirrors costing less than $ 10 , that have lasted for years.I have always wanted one of these mirrors with the circulating water . Now , my current apartment has a shower stall where the surface is not compatible with a suction cup , so I bought this one.The product works pretty much as advertised , however , I have two criticisms :1 -RRB- The plastic piping is very weak . It does n't support the mirror in the exact position I want , but , it 's workable . I wonder how long it will last before it leaks , comes apart , or becomes even weaker and I have to adjust to it , rather than it adjusting to me .2 -RRB- It needs a LOT of water to be fog-free . I really do n't like wasting water , and this bothers me . The water that circulates through the mirror just spits out the bottom , and is wasted .
 i ws very excited to try this product & first 2 times it seemed tht my dream of getting rid of acne & acne scars is just few days ahead bt nope it didnt do anything just to make it work efficiently i bought entire DCL line which has active cleanser this gel & a clearing hydrator after reading reviews i trusted this libe blindly am 22 years old Asian Wid acne - prone skin that has few scars to be treated bt this product didnt work 4 me :-LRB- *****
 I 've been using this product for about two months now and have had 0 results . I thought it was fast working and effective but I 've found no results in the lightening of the dark chicken pox scars on my face . The first week I experienced significant drying and peeling so I pulled back on using the product . I 'm still going to use it since I bought it and I hate wasting money so maybe results will come eventually but two months into the product , so far no good .
 I purchased this on the recommendations of friends and I must say the color is stunning . I purchased the Blue Black , but after the 1st day the color bled onto my sheets and my pillow cases . I was mortified to say the least especially after I rinsed it out again to make sure it did not bleed again but to no avail it did . I will never ever purchase this again . But the color for that one day was gorgeous , it just is ` nt worth it .
 This site sucks . . My order has not yet arrived , Im very dissapointed . I was roibbed . . I paid for a product , you got my money and still havent deliver .
 The shades are nice and stick well to previously dyed hair , but do not cover the gray roots as they grow out .
 I knew it was temporary , but it hardly showed up at all and lasted a day . Maybe on blonde hair it would last and show up longer , but anything beyond a light brown and you really will need Manic Panic or something .
 I expected to receive beautiful , luscious brown locks from this bottle of Jazzing hair dye . After all , the product claimed to produce a chestnut brown tint . Instead of a warm brown , I ended up seeing streaks of a bright blue amidst the brown colored hair . I followed the directions , thoroughly washed my hair , and I still could not believe what my mirror was reflecting back to me . Blue hair ?! This review simply serves as a warning to those wishing to achieve warm brown hair
 this product did nothig for me , you could barely notice that I had it on , did not like it at all
 I 've used this product on my old face now since it arrived . I look exactly the same . OLD!I would try something else not so expensive
 The positive reviews of this cream seduced me to try it , but I would have liked to have seen the ingredients . Upon receipt of this cream , I saw the ingredients included triethanolamine -LRB- TEA -RRB- and methyl - and propyl-parabens , easily investigated on the web by Googling the names . These ingredients have been identified in research as potential carcinogens . The TEA mimics estrogen , and thus , may also be a teratogen and mess up developing -LRB- embryonic -RRB- systems . Furthermore , mineral oil is one of the major ingredients of this rather expensive cream . So , back it goes ! Mothers and grandmothers may have thought well of this cream , but they did not have the science then as we do now . I feel that the manufacturer 's lack of disclosing the ingredients on the website is an attempt to deceive unaware buyers .
 Eb5 cost a lot more and I did not see any difference in my skin . In fact I thought this cream was very heavy on my face and did not absorb into my skin very well . So it goes into the wasteland of creams on my nightstand and under my counter and chalk it up as a wasted $ 35 on my part.After reading all the five star reviews -LRB- many of which is their only review on Amazon -RRB- you would believe that this is the next miracle cream . My original review stands , it does nothing for my skin besides moisturize , I have seen no difference in wrinkles . If you are just looking for a moisturizer then be my guest and buy this product . If you want an effective wrinkle reducer , then keep looking .
 I ordered this moisturizer on the strength of all the glowing reviews here . I ca n't believe my experience is so vastly different than the majority . The moisturizer feels very sticky and pasty . I ca n't use it . I am 47 years old .
 Having read all the positive reviews , I thought I would try this . For my skin it was a waste of money . Sometimes I wonder if those who write reviews have not used other products and consequently can not make good comparisons.Perhaps this works for some . Not for me .
 I have used this cream for 20 years but they have done something to the formula . The jar I opened yesterday was slimey and sticky on my face . I do n't know why companies take a quality product and try to cut costs . I tried to contact Eb5 in regards to this , but they will not return my calls . I have bought my last jar , there are other good creams out there I 'm sure .
 I ordered the Gift Set Special from -LSB- ... -RSB- . I ordered the product on 10/30/12 , received it around 11/6/12 and started using it after I finished my current products about 2 weeks later . About a week after using the product I noticed that my skin was starting to get very irritated . I realized that it may be related to the change of facial products . I stopped using eb5 and returned to my regular skin care regimen . It took about 10 days for my skin to resolve . By the time all of this happened , I was about a week past the 30 day return policy.I called the 800 customer service number for the company and spoke to the customer service person about my reaction to the product . He did the calculations and kept saying , `` Come on now , come on now . '' I told him if that is the way he 's going to treat me that I would write a public review of my experience with the product and with him . Then he said , `` I 'm going to give you your money back , but COME ON NOW . '' I told him that if that 's the way you 're going to treat me that I did n't want the refund.I immediately hung up and am writing this review.Lessons learned :1 -RRB- If you have sensitive skin , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! 2 -RRB- If you want to be treated like a valued customer , DO NOT DEAL WITH THIS COMPANY!Hope this helps those of you who are doing research online to figure out if this is a good company to deal with !
 The cream is very thick and not natural . It does not moisturize as described . Normally , amazon reviews are very accurate but it was not the case for this product .
 Used the cream , had a fairly extensive acne breakout after using the product for two weeks . It 's a cream , and it can probably serve as a lotion cream , but not for faces . The 5 star ratings are ridiculous on this , and most have only reviewed one product ... this one . After reading another buyer 's comments , this seems to be a marketing ploy on reviews ... Wish I had known than before I shelled out 35 bucks . I 'd move on to Olay or other known brands ... There is no miracle wrinkle cream .
 tHE JAR OF Eb5 IS A MUDDY GREY , HAVE USED THIS CREAM FOR 20 YEARS AND IT SHOULD BE A PEARL WHITE . PLEASE CANCEL THE OTHER 2 JARS i HAVE ALREADY ORDERED . barbdyell@gmail,com
 If you like pasty like moisturizer that smells like mildew , then this is a good product . Otherwise , steer clear . I am sorry that others love it so much as that impelled me to purchase this product , but if you are used to a more quality mosturizer -LRB- one that actually feels like lotion , not sandpaper -RRB- , then you should shop on .
 I reviewed both the positive and negative responses of the customers eb5 facial cream . A few people had negative comments , but 120 customers stated that eb5 really works . So I tried it for 5 days , but stopped when I noticed that the product was making my forehead more wrinkled , and causing tiny pumps . I went from 1 wrinkle to a forehead full of wrinkles . Obviously this was a trick . I think that the 120 positive responses were put there by people who work for the company . Its dishonest and they should pay . I wish I could give them a negative scare .
 This product was also inferior to maeb5 Facial Cream -LRB- 4 Ounces -RRB- ny cheaper easily acessible facial creams . I am a therapist and one of my clients asked me to order ti for her . I did and ordered some for my self as well . I am not happy with this product .
 I am not happy with the eb5 Facial Cream . I felt like my skin looked worse not better . I tried to call the company to stop the automatic shipment , and give my complaints but they would not give me the help I needed . They explained that they could only give the information to the corporate headquarters and they would call me . I explained that I was leaving on a vacation in 3 days , and could not wait around for a phone call , so to make sure the auto shipments were canceled . Of course the company called when I was not at home , and then continued to send auto shipments . I am extremely angry , and would like to know a phone number that actually gets hold of someone that can help me .
 I did research before ordering eb5 . It did not work as it stated it would.I have used it for 4 weeks and have not seen any improvements to my skin . Not good for the price paid .
 I was looking for a good moisturizer and this was n't it . My make-up does not apply smoothly with this product ... Is very dry .
 I used the two jars religiously and saw no difference in my skin . Waste of money . It was expensive for no reason . I took before and after photos and there was simply no difference ,
 After 6 weeks use this product , my face dark spot and wrinkles get more.I 'm so disappointed it . Back to the Loreal .
 I have been using this cream for about 2 weeks now and have n't noticed a big difference in this creams results compared to the usual vitamin E cream I use . Most of the great reviews are from people that work for this company . As they say , you can get a person 's money once . Well they got mine but never again .
 I have only been using this product for 3 days until I start seeing a rash develop all over my face . Pretty much Eczema . I 've never had this problem before . I suggest people who start using this to apply it to a small surface of your skin for a few days to confirm whether you would get a reaction or not . Otherwise , from my experience , I am never using this product again .
 Would return but cut the box apart . Seemed to cause skin irritation.Will try again in a few days to see if was an isolated incident .
 I 've only been using the product for 3 weeks . Feels greasy when first applying . No difference on my facial lines yet ...
 I have been using eb5 for 20 or more years and love it ! my husband uses it also but we were very upset when what we received this last time was old . I hate that I ca n't depend on getting a fresh new jar of eb5 from ya 'll !!!
 The product did not meet my expectations . It actually clogged my pores , which caused me to have breakouts . I did n't see any difference from when i started and perhaps the cream works better with other skin type , but not mine .
 the product makes my eyes burn . . so i dont think it is for sensitive eyes . . it removes eye makeup , however in contact to your eyes , it burns and my eyes got redish
 I am so disappointed with this make-up remover . I have tried letting it sit on my eyes for several minutes and still I can not get anything loose -LRB- and I do n't wear that much makeup -RRB- . I use it to take my make-up off before a shower and end up having to scrub - and the simple shower water does a better job moving my make-up around and I have raccoon eyes when I get out of the shower . Then i have to scrub my face again with this stuff for a while before having a clean face . Not worth it . I like that it 's natural and it smells nice but it burns my eyes and does n't work at all . It 's also not cheap . Bummer .
 While it is gentle and there is no residual oil , it takes a little bit of work to get the make-up off . I use MAC eye liner , and this particular remover does a poor job of taking it all off . It even has a hard time getting normal eye shadow off completely . I have to try at least three times to fully get all of it off , and even then I feel like I need to use another remover to get what this one left behind.Maybe it only works well for certain eye make-ups , but it certainly does not work on mine .
 While it is gentle and non-irritating , it takes at least three firm swipes to get most of the make-up off , and even then there 's still some left behind . I use MAC liner and regular eye shadow , and it even has a hard time removing the eye shadow fully.May work on other make-ups , but does not work with mine .
 As much as I would like to give a rating for this product , unfortunately I never received my PAID product from Cosmetic Solutions . Here is a portion of the letter I sent this company : This is the 3rd time for your company to attempt to fill my order . The first time , the package never made it to me . The USPS delivered to me only the packing label on the box along w/a damaged invoice from the box . Both had obviously been soaked by the product . The USPS told me the package must have been leaking therefore they only provided me with the packing label & invoice so I could contact the supplier.I called Cosmetic Solutions to tell them of this problem . They shipped the product again . The next time I received the package , it was intact except the bottle the product comes in was open & empty . Again I called your company & spoke with Don . He stated that I should not have received the product in that condition & felt like I was cheating your company to get free product . I work for the Department of Justice , Federal Bureau of Prisons , and my integrity is everything . I would not lie to get something for free . All I want is what I have already been billed for . He stated he would ship the product again.I have today received a package from Cosmetic Solutions and again , the bottle was open & empty . The box it was shipped in contains some residue from the bottle but not much . I do not understand why this continues to happen . I received an email from customer service to my work email address stating this was not the kind of service your companynormally provides.I am filing a formal complaint at this time with the Better Business Bureau to inform them of this situation.I am requesting a full refund of what I have paid and will purchase this product elsewhere . An immediate reply is appreciated . *** Good luck buying from this company . I would not recommend it .
 I THOUGHT that this would be a creamy , rich moisturizing conditioner . Instead it was almost pure vinegar.Unless you are planning on putting it on a salad - DO NOT BUY IT .
 I bought this body wash after smelling the wonderful tropical fragrance.Started getting a rash , thought it was from a medication I was taking . I had stopped the meds 5 weeks ago and the rash persists . Sleepless nights horrible full body rash even with a prescription creme it 's almost unbearable . Hope this prevents someone else from going through this nightmare .
 My hair stylist recommended this spray for my permed hair . I 've tried it twice now and could n't wait to shampoo it out each time . It mats the hair , making it very difficult to comb and leaves a very unpleasant residue that I ca n't imagine being healthy for hair . Sticky . Ugh !
 I specifically ordered this through Amazon because I can not find this older version of this product anywhere . Of course when I received it , it was the `` new version '' of it and not what I had ordered in the past . It seems that even though the picture shows the `` older version '' of this item , this is not what I received . If Redken or Amazon does not have the correct item in stock , the purchaser should be notified of this instead of just `` substituting '' with another version . So now , i had to eat the `` return shipping '' costs that were deducted from my charge accout . Will not take this chance again through Amazon if I can not be guaranteed that the item I am looking at online is the one I am getting .
 Normally I love Sebastian Moulding Mud , it really is the best styling product but this Mud arrived like it had been heat damaged or old past its prime . When I opened the sealed and wrapped containers the product was all dry and cracked making the product unusable . It may not be the fault of the seller as I have noticed since they changed the packaging of Sebastian Mud that every container is in the same condition - dried out , cracked and unusable . I have had no luck in contacting Sebastian Products directly to advise something is wrong with the new packaging so I have had to go on a quest for new styling product . Too bad as I could have told how wonderful the stuff is except manufacturer packaging no longer protects the product until purchased for use by consumer !
 I have used molding mud for at least 20 years and have always loved it to help hold my curly hair and to reduce frizz . However , the last few years I can tell they changed the formula or something is occuring that causes small hard pieces to be present throughout the mud . When you apply you ca n't avoid having them visible in your hair . Occasionally you can find it without the hard pieces , but more often than not they are there . I tried writing to the company and have n't received a response or acknowledgement . It is a shame because I ca n't find a product similiar to this that works as well . Matrix just came out with Fiber Shuffle which is a little stickier and is good-but not quite the same effect .
 I used this produce for almost 2 months , twice a day as instructed . I have a few small age spots . But this product has no effect so far .
 I 've been using the product for a month and so far I have n't noticed a significant difference in the age spots on my face . I 'm going to get a dermatologist opinion . I also may try the new Clinique or Garnier products on the market . I would n't recommend this product .
 I tried this as an easy way to remove some perma-freckles from my arms . OK , I slathered it on . And maybe I got a bad batch . But ... the cream smelled really bad and the odor lingered for hours . After two days I threw it out and decided to look for some other product .
 Am over 60 , and this is just another age spot product that does n't work , so do n't bother purchasing it . I did n't expect miracles , but did expect a least some lightening after proper useage .
 YUCK!These stick to high heaven.Don ' t buy them , unless you 're trying to torture your enemies in high school by running around stinking them up like skunks all day . I had to give these away free at a yard sale.All I can say is it 's NOT my `` Body Fantasy '' to smell like a corpse.Buy stuff from Bath and Bodyworks instead , it 's way better .
 I purchased this product based on people 's review . I used for almost 2 months twice a day . So far it has no effect at all . Plus , I get more wrinkles day by day .
 I do n't normally have dry skin , but my skin gets on the dry side in the winter time . So , I ordered this in the fall hoping it would provide an extra moisture boost in the cold , winter months . This product totally failed to deliver an adequate amount of moisture . I was pretty disappointed because I 've liked Derma-E 's other products . Do n't get this if you have dry skin .
 This is a good moisturizer but there are many good moisturizers out there for much less money . One and done .
 It 's been 3 weeks now that I 've been using this cream , twice daily as recommended . I finished the jar already and the results are far from being tremendous1 . Do n't count on it to lose any unwanted curves . It wo n't make your legs slimmers . I have monitored every area on my body I apply the cream on and check the size of my thighs every 2 days , and they have not shrunk a single millimeter .2 . It does not have much action on cellulite . It seems like it does have a small improvement , but not enough to be remarkable or to justify the price of the jar3 . My skin looks firmer . It 's the only good result from the experiment . However , I have to say that I can have an identical result with any other cheaper Hydrating cream when applied twice a day.Conclusion
 This is a gimmicky cream , like most cellulite removal creams . If you look it up cellulite is genetic & it 's controlled by exercise and eating well . I used the cream till the very end , it 's moisturizing and it somewhat tightens your skin for a brief moment , but for long lasting results this is n't it . Not buying it again , I 'll use regular creams .
 This sells because fatgirlslim is a FAN-TASTIC title . The product smells wonderful ! That is where this ends . I am not paying this amount for great smelling lotion . Off brand cellulite gels or lotions work better just do n't smell as good .
 I was very excited about receiving this product , after reading the reviews , but I 've got to say that it is yet another dissapointment . I 've used it for a little over a month and I have n't seen any results at all . Unfortunately , I had placed a second order , the ever hopeful I am , so now I 'll have to use it , since it is not exactly cheap .
 I just finished the product and really can not see any difference . The cream could also smell a little more appealing .
 There is nothing you can buy in a jar that is going to get rid of cellulite or shrink anything . The scent is nice , its lotion . But I do n't see any results after weeks . The only thing that is going to work is exercise or surgery . Do n't waste your money .
 This product had limited reviews online but the few were positive , so I decided to give it a try . Just 24 hours after applying the firming cream -LRB- and also fatgirlslim scrub -RRB- to my thighs , I became extremely exhausted around noon -- like the energy crash coffee drinkers get from lack of caffeine . It was hard to stay concentrated at work , and by 6 p.m. , I was ready for bed . I do n't drink soda or coffee , so maybe people who have caffeine in their systems wo n't have the same side effects . But after four days of crashing every day around noon , I stopped applying the firming cream and the scrub . Within a day , my drive/sharpness/energy levels were back to normal . I am unsure if the side effects were from both fatgirlslim products or just one ; I still have cellulite , but at least I can function at work .
 do your self a favor and do n't buy this all it is , is a lotion that smells bad w / caffeine in it i really wish i did n't waste 30 $ on this i could of got a actual good lotion that actually smells good !
 i have n't completely used this yet but i brought this to make me slimmer , and it does n't do that . the jar only says for cellulite .
 I bought both the scrub and the cream . I am almost done with both containers and have not seen any real results . I am 22 years old and I have only recently started to see cellulite in my thighs . This product did nothing for me . It was a waste of money .
 For the same reason that I buy discounted B12 injections and get excited about those weight loss gimmicks , I bough the Fat Girl Slim cream . Which does exactly as the jar says - keeps us fat girls WANTING to be slim , but failing miserably.I do n't know what everyone is saying on here - maybe they have much more obedient cellulite - but my fatty tissue does n't listen to rhyme nor reason and want to take over the world after it takes over my body , and no amount of cream is going to make my fat change its agenda.The cream does go on cool , and it may be tingly , but all that tinglyness does absolutely nothing in dissolving our fat . The cream MAY smooth out our appearance , but if we put any lotion on our drier areas , then of course we 're going to get a smoother appearance there . Do n't need this jar to tell us that.Overall , a disappointment . Mainly in myself for having bought this thing in the first place .
 I 'm not sure what I was expecting , but I really do n't see the results . I used it continuously for two months along with the love handler and the fatgirlsleep , and did notice a difference , but I 've had far better results with seaweed soap and exfoliants . Give it a shot , but do n't count on a miracle.Edit : Sorry , I did say both . What I meant was that I noticed that my skin was more moisturized -LRB- which plumps up the skin making cellulite softer -RRB- , but I saw no real benefit that could not be achieved from any good body lotion or oil .
 The moisturizer has a funky smell and does n't seem to have any impact on firming the stomach .
 Used it for months and it did absolutely nothing ! A complete waste of time -LRB- applying this product 2X per day -RRB- and money .
 After seen the reviews i was so exited to try itBut this dindt worked for me at all i have been using this for more than a mont twice a day robbing it for thirty seconds but i didnt notice a diference in firming maybe it works for celulitis but i needed for firming it didnt worked : -LRB-
 Now to start off , I am in no way shape or form , fat . I am thin , but I do have some minimal cellulite on the backs of my legs and bum , that I wanted to get rid of . I figured that since I do n't have very much , a cellulite cream would work really great for me . Right ? Wrong . I bought this from the Bliss website , along with the seaweed cellulite soap . After a few uses every time I would use the products , it would turn red and blotchy in the spot that I applied it . I kept using it though because I realllly wanted it to work . It totally ruined my skin ! Now , if I am in even a little bit warm water , my legs and bum flare up and turn bright red , keep in mind this is n't just hot water -LRB- everyone 's skin turns red in hot water right ? -RRB- this was in warm water too . It really sucks , and I hate that I even tried this . It did n't work for me at all either .
 I ordered this item once and all though I did n't see any change was willing to give it another try . This time around I noticed all though they advertise `` free shipping '' there is a a $ 4.49 shipping charge as I prepare to hit `` purchase '' . -LRB- All other purchases are Amazon Prime in the below record , thus free shipping . -RRB- The business should advertise shipping costs honestly . Visited the sellers website and all though a phone number is listed -LRB- not convenient -RRB- , there is no email address listed to address this issue . Not cool `` Divine Skin '' . $ 49.95 + Free ShippingIn Stock . Sold by Skin Care InvestmentsItems -LRB- 7 -RRB-
 I have used Paul Mitchell Awapuhi Shampoo for 10-15 years and I loved it , but it appears Paul Mitchell has changed the ingredients . I resently purchased a new bottle and now I am having an allergic reaction . My scalp burns , itches and has red spots . I do n't have an old bottle to compare ingredients , but I noticed some of the new bottles advertise `` white ginger '' and this new bottle 's ingredients does show `` white ginger . '' I honestly do not know what has changed , but I ca n't use it any more . Why do they have to mess up a good product ?
 This perfume smells nothing like the real Cool Water Game fragrance . It is either fake or expired , it has a strong alcohol smell that is just awful !
 If you are looking for cuticle scissors , look elsewhere . The blades of these are way too thick to be able to cut cuticles . In fact , it is very difficult to even cut your nails with them ! I am not sure who designed these , but they are terrible . Do not waste your money . All cuticle scissors are not created equal .
 Like the color ... like the texture / creaminess ... too soft and I used it a coupe of times before the lipstick broke in half !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this a few days ago and I usually like this colone for my son and it smelled old like it had expired it did n't have a date on the bottle but did n't smell like it use to .
 I bought this cologne and I received a 1/4 bottle of it . Now I want everybody knows that you are a whole bunch of crap trying to fool honest people
 I bought this on the recommendation of a LBS and I can not believe it is so useless . Maybe it 's OK for runners or yard work but for cyclists wearing it under a helmet it creates a bigger problem . It works well for a very short while but once it becomes saturated big drops of sweat start rolling out into you face & eyes . I did 3 road bike rides with it using 2 very different helmets to be fair in my review but will never use this headband again . Get a Halo II or similar product .
 Avid cyclist looking for a solution to sweat in the eyes during those warm days . Ordered this and after one ride I can say that it 's not going to cut it . The weather was only in the low 80 's and I was sweating very little , but the headband was saturated in a very short time . Once saturated , it 's worse then not having a headband because it started to drip on to my glasses . I do not recommend this product to any cyclist who sweats more then a hummingbird because you 'll find yourself unsatisfied and riding blind .
 I did not read the whole description . I saw `` terry '' and thought I had found just a plain terry headband . The inner elastic liner is uncomfortable at best , and they are made in China . At $ 12.00 each , I expected a luxurious terry headband . I think they are way overpriced for the quality , but then I have been burned more than once when purchasing items that I did n't know were made in China . I was looking for just a plain , white , terry headband . Caveat emptor ! You may like this product , I intend to replace it immediately . I was being gracious in rating this product with one star .
 The Ben-Nye line is great , but do n't buy this product from THIS seller . . look elsewhere . You 'll be much better off and save yourself a lot of hassle . IF you even receive the item , more than likely it will something different . Buy this Ben-Nye product , but buy it from another seller .
 I was disappointed with the product I recieved because it was not the same as what is shown in the picture and was not the product I wanted . Though it was the batherapy brand , I was looking for the one that helped with aches and pains as shown in the photo . The one I recieved wasnt ' it .
 When I received my so-called &#34; Liz Claiborne &#34; Eau De Toilette Spray , I was curious as to why the bottle that was sent to me was not the same as the one depicted in the listing . The shape was triangle but did n't resemble what I ordered in any other way . I thought maybe there was a new design for it so I sprayed some and then I knew for sure that what was sent to me WAS NOT ANYWHERE CLOSE TO LIZ CLAIBORNE . It could n't even pass for an &#34; imposter &#34; version and it was rancid to boot . I did n't want to go thru the hassle of returning it , but felt compelled to warn buyers of this scam . Beware .
 Very disappointed , perfume has no smell at all , very pretty bottle , thank goodness it was cheap , and I only bought one bottle , will never buy again .
 Do n't know what this is , but it in not Ellen Tracy . ET was my favorite perfume and was so upset when theydiscontinued it . I should have known better . Sad part is , I ca n't even return it !
 I purchased 2 bottles of this parfume because of the totally incredible price . Be careful , this is a knock off . It is made somewhere in France . Read and reread all the information . I never saw that it was not the genuine product . I feel this was my own mistake . The parfume is well packaged and came bottled nicely but it is not Ellen Tracy . It also does not seem to last long on the skin . Great product for a younger girl . This is not a slam against the product but if you are looking to buy the real thing , leave it alone .
 not the real thing ... very disappointed . . do n't buy it ... not worth the cheap price ... it does not last more than a second after spraying on . . terrible product . . ripoff
 I ordered Ellen Tracy by Ellen Tracy and I received New Brand by Ellen Tracy - the following is the response that I received from the company when I complained . ***** We apologize that you are not completely satisfied with the item you received . However , all of our items are new and fresh in stock . We have the same item only.This is not the type of experience we wish for our customers to have with the items that are purchased from us.However , we can refund $ 7 to your account for the item cost , to help compensate you for this issue and you can keep the item . Alternatively , you can send the item back to us at-As soon as we receive the item , we will credit your account for the item cost only . Please let us know , what you prefer to do.We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused .
 This product is a counterfeit ! Do n't waste your money . It lasts only few mintues . My mom has the real Hellen Tracy perfume and it stays a long time . Even the bottle looks different . It explains why the price is so cheap . I learned not to get too excited over cheap prices here .
 I did not purchase this item via Amazon , I went to my local Sally Beauty supply store . I got home , mixed it up according to the instructions and applied it to my hair . Sense the directions said to keep heat on it while it develops I took my hair dryer as suggested and for the 30 minutes that I kept it in I ran that dryer over my head . I got into the shower and was totally mortified . . as I rinsed the stuff out of my hair it stained -LRB- literally -RRB- my shower pink , I never had that happen before and I 've been dying my hair for years so it was a shock to me ... = / -LRB- Thank goodness for bleach and an hour sitting time , my shower is almost back to white -RRB- , got out of the pink shower and after all that work , nothing.Just wanted to give you guys a heads up , so you do n't waste time and money and have the same results ... none .
 Bought this product hoping for some nice purple streaks mixed throughout . I have medium brown hair , but wanting `` n'tense '' results , I left the product on for over an hour . I foiled my hair and used heat processing . When I finally took the foil out after letting my head cool and rinsed out my hair , all the dye came out in the water ! I was left with my original color in most places and 2 tiny pieces of only bleached hair with a pink tint . Not happy at all and very over priced for what you get .
 I got this because it had the bleach and dye in it and it looked like a nice pink . After using it , keeping it on for over an hour because I have dark brown hair , my hair was bleached but barely pink . I liked it but it was n't what I wanted .
 I also bought this after a hard-sell at a mall kiosk in LA. . I was amazed by how shiny my nail was . I 'm a guy , so I did n't know buffing blocks existed and could be purchased for 2 or 3 dollars.The buffing block is great . The lotion , file and cuticle oil bring the real value of this product to maybe $ 12 . Do yourself a favor and buy a buffing block and save your cash . It 'll look fabulous against your shiny nails .
 I was also assaulted at a kiosk . The girl was sweet and very fast talking . I am disgusted with myself . I was taken hook , line and sinker -LRB- or rather , mud , lotion and buffer !! -RRB- I am well aware of the phrase , BUYER BEWARE . I do n't know what came over me . I feel so violated . She `` neglected '' to tell me that the items are non-returnable . . only exchangable ... So I feel really stuck , after I read the fine print when I got home !! I do not want all this stuff and I do not know if I have any options . Anyone have any ideas . I have had buffers before and yes , they 're cool !! But I could have gotten one at Walgreens for several dollars ... not several hundred dollars , which I ended up spending !! I 'm disgusted with myself and with their tactics !!
 I purchased the nail kit for $ 59.99 in the mall . I felt like that I was being ripped off , so I went to the mall to return the kit a couple days later . However , I was refused service . No salesperson had told me that I could n't return the product once the purchase was made . No `` no return '' showed up on the receipt . On its website , the company states it promises to conduct business with honesty and integrity . If that is really what it claims , it should advise its customers that there is no return once purchases are made . Be careful on what you buy from this Isreali company .
 Run , run away from the kiosk . Take a look at the other reviews . This is a decent product but not worth the price . The haggling at the kiosk , along with the slick selling will leave you with buyers remorse . Similar items can be purchased elsewhere ... there does not seem to be anything special about these .
 After reading some of the other reviews here , I 'm guessing the authors have never before used cuticle oil or ever had their nails buffed professionally . The cuticle oil given with this product is basic , run of the mill , cuticle oil which can also be purchased in a beauty supply store . Same with the buffer . I bought the set and I agree that the products work well together . However , paying $ 60 for the kit is too much . Even paying $ 60 for two kits is overpriced.A basic beauty supply store -LRB- not a drug store or supermarket -RRB- would have the same quality products for much less . You 're better off buying a good buffer and cuticle oil at a beauty supply store then purchasing a creamy lotion in the scent you prefer . You 'll get the same results .
 I too am always tormented at the mall kiosk . The last time I was there he tried to sell the set for $ 49.00 and when I refused , he very quietly told me not to tell anyone , but he would sell me 2 for $ 25.00 . Sounded good , but thank God I am so skeptical I had to go home and check Ebay . I picked up 2 of the buffing blocks for $ 12.00 and I 've only used them once and it is wonderful , but I guess per other reviewers it does n't last long . I will definitely look for a cheaper version when mine do n't work anymore . Anyway , after reading the other reviewers , they are a dishonest group and I will not give them my time anymore .
 Do NOT buy products from this company ! Shopping mall Kiosk vendors give out telephone numbers which are actually fax numbers , and dramatically overcharge consumers - over $ 100.00 - as they lie about the purity and safety of their products . Head office refuses responsibility of any kind and refuses to give out names or numbers of company owners or management . This Israeli company and its salespeople are purely out to dupe you of as much money as possible and refuse return of products unless you buy directly from their website . Note that the company has a core promise written on their website stating that their business is conducted with honesty , integrity , no deceit and transparent ethical business pratice ! Check out company website and see for yourself and good luck if you have any skin reactions from the products or ask for a refund .
 I purchased this kit at the mall after allowing myself to be pressured by the salesperson . Nice products but not out of this world to ever dish out $ 49 again .
 I bought this cream for my 6 months old baby and after using it for a couple of days I could n't stand the smell of it . This cream has an extremely strong smell for a baby cream . Smells like my old aunt 's perfume and I ca n't believe this can be good for my baby 's skin . Do n't buy this because it will sit on your drawer .
 After reading several reviews I purchased this facial cream for my 1 and 2 yr . olds who both have sensitive skin . The amount of perfume in the cream was suprising to me and do not feel comfortable using it on their faces . I do like the texture butnot all of the chemicals
 It is too much fragrant , and too much water . It could not protect baby ' skin especially in winter . Allergy to my son .
 My son had a little rash/maybe some eczema on his face . I used this for a couple days and it got worse . I bought some Weleda brand Calendula cream for his face , and it instantly got better . I now use the calendula cream twice a day and his skin on his face has been great ever since I started using it three months ago .
 the guides itself are good , they stick to the nails but the nails have to be washed and dried right before using them ... if there are any oils on the nails , ofcourse they wont stick.the part that i 'm not happy about is that i didnt get the product i have ordered ... the picture itself shows V shaped and half moon but the product i actualy received has only straight and half moon shaped guides . the only reason i ordered was because of the V shaped ones . I tried calling many times this company and never got actual person to talk to.now the product number is the same as on the picture but the guides are not . I couldnt get any description on the product so i went by looking at the picture as it is supposed to be the same thing ... i have used the same ones , same package before so that was another reason i went with the picture.i wouldnt have paid $ 10 for shipping and waited for something that i can get in any store here in town ...
 These do not work , after you put on the polish and you go to remove these guides it either smears or leaves a ridge , I ended up appling the polish free hand and they look like I had them done professionally .
 I 'll admit that I have only been using this shampoo for about 1 month . All the reviews that I read online about this product from various websites were negative but a new dematologist that I met with suggested that i try it since finasteride alone was n't working . So far , this shampoo has done nothing for me but give me really flat , almost sticky hair . It 's supposed to be conditioning shampoo but they definitely left the conditioner out ! I am still losing the same amount of hairs everyday and still have the same amount of scalp itch . It has a medicine smell which does n't really bother me but many people have been complaining about it . My suggestion , save your money !
 The item I received was not the item pictured . I was totally dissatisfied with it . The item I received had round tips like a bubble on the end of the blades . I had some safey tip scissors like the ones pictured and they were confiscated by airport security . I hoped to replace them ; however , I can not seem to locate any like the ones I had taken away .
 These are ok for a cheap pair of small scissors , but they kind of lose their edge and their tightness very soon . Then they ca n't really cut most things because the blades are n't moving tightly together .
 I would not recommend this . It is hard to get it to cut . Not very sharp . It was cheap , and I got what I paid for .
 I have been using Rogaine for several years . During that time , I have retained most of my hair . However , my hair was starting to get thinner . So , I tried Tricomin shampoo and conditioner for about three month -LRB- while still using Rogaine 5 % -RRB- . During that time , nearly all my hair fell out . It seems that the conditioner coated my scalp with a gel-like residue . This gel prevented Rogaine from reaching my scalp . As such , I experience considerable hair loss.So , I stopped using Tricomin conditioner but continued to use Rogaine . My hair loss stopped and I even started getting new hair growth . As such , I believe this product does not prevent or reverse hair loss . Instead , it does the opposite - it will make your hair fall out . Therefore , I would not recommend this product for treating hair loss.Additionally , I would not recommend this as a conditioner . It no better at conditioning hair than any store bought conditioner . If you are looking for a great conditioner , get Aussie 's 3 minute miracle instead .
 I just did n't work for me . I bought this -LRB- pretty expensive -RRB- product after reading all the good reviews about it . After , i used it for a few days this thing left a blueish layer on my scalp . It does n't smell very good . What i did to remove that smelly layer on my scalp was to shave my head and start over with this solution and repeating that same next month . I saw no hair gain or loss . I do n't use Rogaine , but i can clearly see the layer on scalp created by this product can definitely stop Rogaine from doing its job . My hair are still pretty thin after using it for 8 months , now .
 All it does is make your hair feel thicker like a hair gel . I was disappointed . For its cost it should have grown a few new hairs
 I never received eb5 emulsion instead I received the free portion of my order `` eb5vibrant eyes '' , I contacted amazon they re-sumbitted the order and AGAIN I only received the free portion of my order , my advise is not to order this duo if you really want the eb5 emulsion spf 15
 This product was a waste of money . One of my 80 year old clients asked me to order it for her so I did and purchased some for my self . It did not have any promising results .
 I 'm not impressed . I thought it would -LRB- it should be , for the price -RRB- be bigger and shinier . I 've yet to use it because it is so small , and I have fine hair . That 's the trouble with online shopping .
 I can get the same results using commercial moisturizers - Cetaphil , Aquaphor , Euricin . Applies evenly like Cetaphil but leaves skin greasy to the touch minutes later . W-a-y to expensive for what it does . Also , leaves slight camphor smell .
 This product , as I said in the title . It 's a little sticky , not easy to apply evenly on face ... but it works well as a moisture .
 this concealer is quite cakey when applied under the eye i do love the color it matched me well if only i can figure out how to make it work for me so its not cakey and looks smooth , it can only be applied under the eyes though cause if i apply it anywhere else on the face i grow a pimple on that spot
 When I read the description for this product and all the wonderful reviews , I thought I finally found my dream concealer ! But I was wrong ... It covered fairly well and looked good at first but it ended up settling into my fine lines soon after . Exactly what it 's not supposed to do ! Even after I tried setting it with powder it still ended up creasing just not as bad . As the day went by it looked cakey ... I 'm only 23 but have dark circles and fine lines and this product does not do the job . Do n't believe the hype .
 I tried this because my roommate raved about it , so I tried it because I naturally have very dark bags under my eyes . Unfortunately I found this product way too this to cover the darkness under my eyes .
 I usually wear Ivory in several brands -LRB- everyday minerals , revlon , cover girl , maybelline -RRB- , but the Lighter Than Light color was much too dark . Sadly , I had to send it back .
 I read about this product on aol . The review made it sound like this was a magic fix . I 've used it , but its not what I expected . Did not live up to the hype
 This product advertises that it is a wrinkle concealer . It is a wrinkle maker , if I would have wanted pancake makeup that you could get from a dime store then that is what I would have bought . I am VERY , VERY disappointed that Amazon would even allow this on their site.It is a MINUS 5 stars.I looked to see if I could find this review on line . No , not there so this tells me that ONLY good reviews get in .
 I just recently started noticing my eyes getting darker underneath . I do n't know if it 's due to stress , age , lack of sleep or a little bit of everything . So , I started researching the best cover ups cause the cover girl concealer stick was not working at all anymore . Found this product with pretty good reviews . Decided to try it even though it was expensive only cause I had a amazon gift card . When I opened it at first I thought omigod it 's tiny for $ 18 . I really did n't think it would be that small ; it 's like the size of a half dollar , maybe smaller and only an inch high . Anyway I am not that pleased with the results . I would n't even consider my eyes that dark yet just dark enough to bother me . But I use this concealer and my old cover girl stick concealer in order to get coverage that I am ok with for now . I do n't think I would purchase this product again only cause it was expensive and works just ok . It was worth it for the $ 3 after my coupon though . : -RRB-
 I had high expectations for this concealer given the great reviews and high price tag . I ordered light but realized that was not light enough - this has a bit of pinkish/brown tones and is a bit heavy for my pale complexion with red undertones . I did find even with the color difference , it blended well . Anyways , my undereye circles have become more and more prominant and figured this would do the trick . Even after applying two layers with a brush , this was no better than store concealers . I 've been sticking with Neutrogena 3 in 1 and Maybelline Instant Age Rewind Erase Dark Cirles . The combination of both -LRB- yes , I need layers and layers -RRB- tends to do the trick for now until I can come across something that is better .
 I did like this color was n't the color i was looking for a darker color . The texture was smooth , not long lasting .
 I received my mally lipstick in time and I could n't wait . I tried it and I feel it is a bit drying to my lips . I just do n't like it . Sorry Mally .
 I used this brush once and I hated it . My face had these tiny cuts all over from the bristles and took over a week for my face to stop hurting and heal . I had these tiny , rough scratch/scabs all over my face . This brush is crap ! Do not buy this p-o-s !
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 I 'm not impressed . I thought it would -LRB- it should be , for the price -RRB- be bigger and shinier . I 've yet to use it because it is so small , and I have fine hair . That 's the trouble with online shopping .
 I bought this flat iron from a local beauty supply and absolutely loved it !!!! That was until it shorted out on me after about the tenth use ... I tried to return it to the store , they would n't take it back , mostly likely I 'm thinking because this happens a lot ? They said I had to contact `` HAI '' . Well I have had no such luck . They have an answering machine set up that they obviously never check . I have yet to receive a call back , and it 's been a month . I guess all I can do is keep trying ??? NOT WORTH $ 150 !!!! I would never buy a HAI again !
 I bought an even nicer version than this one for $ 120 at a store . I bought the Copper-T and had 2 stop working on me in the span of 7 months . The first only lasted 2.5 months . The third one I got through the warranty was not put together correctly and ripped out my hair . The warranty only lasts a year and the product will surely break down before then . I was told I could not have a refund because `` the store I bought it from is the company that took my money . '' I have never been so frustrated with a company .
 I found the scent to be industrial , unpleasant and the shower gel made my skin very dry , even after using the matching lotion . And what 's with 4 duplicate reviews over several years ?
 The seller of this product did a very good job but the product itself is terrible and I am stuck with a $ 15.00 bottle of shampoo that I will throw out . The smell is horrible as tar shampoo 's go , and it does not not lather up well . The tar smell follows you around for a good half hour after you shower , if not longer . I was using Doaks until they sold their company and it is no longer available . That was a great shampoo ! I would not buy Ionil-T ever again .
 I bought these in hopes that it was a more natural approach to battling wrinkles . Sadly these strips were very smelly and left a horrible residue on my skin . The do not stay in place and do not work . Luckily they were inexpensive so I did not waste a ton of money .
 I loved this dryer 's concept
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 This was a big disappointment to me . It is the same stuff as the cheap sticks you can buy anywhere - the greasy stuff . If you put on a little , it is okay for awhile in certain lighting . If you put it on using the spatula and rubbing it on thick like they say , it cakes and sets into the creases of your eyes . Do n't waste your money .
 felt like i had a ton of crap on my face ! I got this because I fell in love with loreal quickstick which is no longer available :-LRB- I thought I would try another loreal product but not even close .
 Looks bad , a wast of money . I ordered two and sent one back for a refund , but never received my money back . Save your money and order cheaper cover cream form Avon .
 This didnt cover not one of my 12 tatts ! The color is ORANGE and doesnt look natural at all . If you have black ink tattoos , forget this .
 This product does not cover blemishes as advertised and wears off in less than 2 hours . VERY DISPLEASED with this product .
 I bought this product to cover a tiny scar on my face and a few freckles . After reading the reviews , I was convinced to spend the extra dough on this product.First of all , it 's a pain in the butt to apply , you have to chisel it out of the container with the tiny plastic spatula they give you -LRB- and you will subsequently lose immediately -RRB- , then put it on your hand and massage it with the tiny spatula until it becomes mushy -- It 's gross ! Not to mention messy and time-consuming . However , I could deal with all this this if it actually worked like it was supposed to . It did n't cover any of my `` imperfections '' even though it was so heavy it made me look like a dime store dummy.Save your money , more expensive does NOT mean better !
 I have deep acne scars and expected this product to help conceal them since I had seen a video on Youtube about it working for someone else . I tried blending it on the back of my hand and then putting it on my face , but my acne scars look even more noticeable after putting it on -LRB- and I also put foundation and powder on over it -RRB- . It looks too orangy and just does n't hide the redness .
 Was n't exactly what I expected from other reviews . It does smear off and is cakey . If I were to wipe somewhere around it , you can see that It most of it had wiped off , would n't recommend for those who have vilitigo , it really looks cakey and has this glossy texture .
 I bought it because I read in the website that it 's a good brand to cover my scar.I have -LRB- a little raised -RRB- scars . The products just ca n't make it look natural.The scars also have discoloration and Dermablend do n't cover it that well.In addition , the color shades in website are not identical to the real shades after I tried it on my skin at all.Waste of money.I also have a birthmark , the product ca n't totally cover the discoloration like it says in the website.It cakes up and become more noticeable .
 I 'm sure this product is great for people who have discolored , SMOOTH skin . It is a great cover for that . BUT it is not good for people who have acne scarring . It makes my face look cakey , and it just brings more attention to the scarring on my face .
 I bought this shampoo rather than spending a few more dollars on Nizoral AD . I was excited that this was not only a shampoo but that it had conditioner and no smell . What a mistake ! It 's made my scalp worse than it has ever been before . It brought on itching and scaling that were not pre-existing conditions . I 'll be shelling out the extra cash to get Nizoral AD from now on .
 I 've had scalp psoriasis for decades , causing chronic itching and scaling on the lower back part of my scalp . I 've tried many medicines , shampoos , lotions , etc and have found a few that are effective . Unfortunately , the best treatment for me is a prescription topical medicine that is kind of expensive -LRB- a compounded prescription strength product called DermaZinc which is available in non-prescription and prescription formulas , the stronger is far better -RRB- . Looking for less expensive alternatives , I tried Dermarest shampoo . Bottom line is that is does n't help much . I noticed only a very slight improvement in the scaling and flaking , but not enough . I have used salicylic acid-based solutions before -LRB- like this Dermarest -RRB- and they do a pretty good job of reducing scaling , but to be very effective the solution must remain on the skin for a longer period of time , such as overnight . I think that this shampoo simply is n't in contact with my skin long enough to do much - I can only shower for so long ! I 'm encouraged to see some reviewers finding help with this , but sadly for me it is not effective enough .
 I have been using this product for two weeks . It made my condition worse !!! I would give this products ZERO stars if possible . Do n't waste your money ! I will discard it today .
 I received this as a gift and decided to give it a try one day . Luckily I was not in a hurry . Trying to use all the products in a timely fashion would be an exercise in futility . Started with the facial cleanser which really felt no better than using a regular bar of soap . Next came the pre shave oil . I absolutely hated the oil . It came out really quickly through the large opening . I spread it on my face but could not get it off of my hands with regular washing . I literally had to wipe it off with a towel . Then the shaving cream . It was quite thick . Thicker than lotion . If you are used to shaving with regular shaving cream , it will be difficult for you to judge how much to use . I had to go back to the bottle 3 times to get more . It was also difficult to squeeze out with the oil on my hands from the previous step . During shaving , I did not like the fact that the shaving cream would not rinse off the blade very well . It stick to the razor like the oil sticks to your hands . The after shave balm was decent , providing a nice tingly feeling . The best part about this kit is the bag .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 I always loved the smell of Madonna 's album Like a Prayer . Decided to Google it and see what I would find - Patchouli came up , so I ordered this perfume . When I received it I dabbed a little on and my boss walks out of his office and says - What is that , it smells like a head shop in here!Need I say more . I stronly suggest that you pass on this one ... unless you like to smell like you pass something else .
 The smell is too strong . I wo n't were that as a perfum . Maybe a drop in a pot pourri pot for a room fragrance would be acceptable but even then that would be too expensive .
 I was very excited to receive this product . It came in the mail today . It did NOT smell like Patchouli . It was literally horrible ! I had to wash it off , which I have never done with any scent in my life .
 As soon as I opened this bottle I wanted to gag . It smelled toxic like a very strong bug spray . I could n't return this fast enough .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 I was not satisfied with this product . The liner was too thin and it would break upon applying it.I use the other lip liners from Mac and they are always my favorite ! I love Mac products , but this one was not a good fit for me .
 I had the same problem reported by a couple of other reviewers . Indeed , it is nigh impossible to get the deodorant to push up out of the applicator . So , I called up their customer support line , and they were unwilling to offer an exchange or any tips for getting it working . Go with the malin + goetz eucalyptus deodorant . It 's more expensive , but at least they are willing to help you with and stand behind their products .
 I have purchased this item five different times thinking that I must have been doing something wrong -LRB- applying too much force , turning too fast , etc. -RRB- to cause the dial that moves the product up to break . With each purchase , I was more and more gentle . They all failed . I took the last two back to Sephora and showed them the item , they replaced it no questions asked . With the remaining broken dispensers , I eventually removed the bottom turn dial with a screwdriver and manually pushed the product up until used . In each of the deodorant sticks , there was at least half of the product remaining in the dispenser prior to my screwdriver intervention . I 've since used all of the product up . I 've even called customer relations in New York on more than one occasion and was cooly greeted and dismissed with my product concerns . Based on my experience with this product and customer service with the corporate office , I 've discontinued use of all Anthony products -LRB- which was very painful given how much I liked and enjoyed these products -RRB- . In a nutshell , the dial/dispenser for the deodorant is critically flawed that will not enable you to use all of the product you purchase . I 've switched to other products and no longer purchase anything from Anthony .
 Interesting to see the comment on bad packaging . I am experiencing some `` dial up '' problems on this too . No big deal . My complaint is that the product itself does n't work for me . Using it guarantees a problem later in the day . Smells good until I use it . Everyone 's chemistry is different .
 I am a long time fan of Anthony Logistics products from the shaving cream the the face lotions . And while I really like the smell and feel of this deodorant , the facts are the application process needs to be fixed . I have tried this product 3 times and each time the knob that pushes the deodorant breaks after maybe three of four uses . Very frustrating . I will not buy this again until they send me a free sample proving the problem is fixed .
 I had the same issue with not being able to roll this up . The design seems to be critically flawed . No sense wasting money on this .
 I bought this deodorant to stay away from Aluminum but It was not good . It did not remove the odor . I gave it another chance and eventually I stopped using it the third day . Perhaps this is the effect of lack of Aluminum in this product but anyway it does not do what It should .
 I 've been bouncing from one alternative deodorant to the next for several months now with mild success . The Anthony Logistics alcohol-free deodorant was attractive for its lack of aluminum as an ingredient . Through the initial use I did find that my underarms could tolerate the formula . Other brands have produced adverse skin reactions . Unfortunately , the lackluster performance of the deodorant to actively control and/or eliminate body odor was not encouraging . I could get through midday without any perceptible smell , but after lunch this product would not continue to work as desired . Sadly , I am trying to use up the stick by only applying it when not in the workplace -LRB- i.e. weekends -RRB- . Your mileage with this product may vary . For what it 's worth , I will not be purchasing this product again .
 This does not smell anything like Plumeria . It smells more like Green Tea which is the main ingredient -LRB- ingredients listed below -RRB- . Contains
 The spray feels greasy on my skin . I would not want to put my clothes on right afterwards . The grease and tint will get onto your clothes . Nop , I am not happy with this product .
 This product I bought thinking both the tubes were completly full but when I got home and used it for a week very sparingly I found out that nothing was coming out anymore . I took off the lid and was suprised to find that the tubes only go about a quarter of an inch down and then it ends and the rest of it is just for show . I will not buy this product ever again and am VERY dissapointed .
 I bought this product hoping to see some change maybe not right away but after a week or so . . I saw nothing it is a good moisturizer that 's about it .
 I am 27 years old . I have noticed some laugh lines forming around my mouth , the lines deepening from my noise to my mouth , and lines in between the brows -LRB- these are the worst -RRB- . Nothing serious , but I wanted to stop the little buggers in their tracks . I used this product , in conjunction withL ` Oreal Paris Advanced RevitaLift Complete Night Cream , 1.7 Ounce , for 7 weeks and noticed no improvement in these lines . While my skin is significantly softer to the touch , as far as wrinkles go , this product was a dud for me.In addition , I also developed either some sort of acne or a rash while using this product , as I had small red bumps/marks form while I was using these products . Approximately one week after discontinuing use of the Revitalift products , the bumps/marks stopped popping up . Luckily they were easily covered with makeup , but on days I did n't want to fix up , the marks were very noticeable . I do n't have especially sensitive skin -LRB- other than that some jewelery turns my fingers green -RRB- , so I was surprised this happened.I will not re-purchase this product or the Night Cream from the same line , as it did n't improve my wrinkles one bit and the red marks/bumps that arose during use were embarrassing when I was n't wearing makeup .
 Very nice as a moisturizer , but does nothing to improve the look of skin , wrinkles , or circles beyond what I would expect from any regular moisturizer . Would be four or five stars as a plain moisturizer , but I gave it two because it is advertised as more than that and fails to deliver .
 For the price and build up of positive feedback / comments I read online before buying this item , I was very disappointed . I saw no results and was left with bad breakouts from using it . I have moved on to better more expensive organic products by origins from Sephora . Where I can also get a weeks sample of any product prior to purchasing !!! I found the zero oil by origins really works and got rid of the small acne bumps on my forehead that ive had for years , \ I also love modern friction scrub !!! I also use primer and mineral foundation powder from bare minerals!Don ' t waste your money on this product its full of preservatives and chemicals .
 I heard and read this was an incredible product , and was my first purchase of this type . I have very few wrinkles or significant signs of aging , and saw absolutely no difference whatsoever in the small areas that could use a little bit of a `` lift '' or a plump . The product also ran out too quickly for the amount I used in the amount of time , and I am suspicious that the container was not full when I received it -- or worse -- that it was substituted with another product . Either way , I 'm not buying this product again or any other from the seller I bought it from .
 Revitalift Double Lifting can make skin feel tighter temporarily because of the amount of alcohol and absorbent magnesium sodium silicate it contains , but that 's about drying up skin and causing irritation , which is actually wrinkle-inducing . There is n't much else to extol in this gel , and calling it advanced must be L'Oreal 's idea of sarcasm .
 I love the scent of plumeria , and thought this product might be just like fresh plumeria flowers . It is not . I 'm sure they tried very hard to capture the essence of plumeria , but this is n't it . :-LRB- On an up-note , it did come in a pretty bottle , and I received it quickly .
 I just received my Terranova Plumeria and i am SO not happy with this scent . I guess that is what i get for stepping out and buying this online , not having a clue of what it smells like . It is so overpoweringly cloying that , even though the bottle was intact and completely sealed ; i could still smell it from outside the unopened box . That said , i did dab a tiny bit behind my ears , collarbone , temple areas and the smell is just not anything i care for . To me , it smells very artificial . Unless you already know what to expect with this scent , i would not recommend purchase .
 When I put it on , it does n't last more than 10 minutes . Not a good quality . I am using it at night when I sleep , it is n't good enough to wear when going out .
 If you want shocking results then this is the color for you -- # 42 Deep Burgundy Black CherryI bought this product and was extremely disappointed by the results . I was expecting the color to be more of dark wine color and ended up with all of my hair being very , very Purple . The color did not take on all of my hair -LRB- despite following the directions exactly -RRB- so some strands were my natural color . It would have been nice to know that the color was going to be such a shocking purple color . I have shampooed my hair multiple times in 24 hours trying to calm the color down . If I could afford it , I would go to a salon to have this corrected professionally . I have never experienced anything like this with any other at home hair color products .
 Do not waste your money on this if you have black hair . There is absolutely no difference in hair color . I 'm going to use Garnier Nutrisse Ultra Color next time . Other than that , the product leaves your hair feeling soft and healthy . It smells pretty good and its not hard to use . everything you need comes in the box .
 The product is an aerosol can and it does not work AT ALL . It is very frustrating that I paid 42.17 for a product that I can not use and can not return . I do not know if this is a function of how the item was packaged or if it was damaged from the start . I do not recommend buying any product like this via the internet -- especially if you can not return it if the product is damaged .
 I was so anxious to purchase this product after all the rave review 's on the Brown color it offered.After first putting this on my skin ; the color is in fact brown ; however , after about 5 hours of it coloring the skin , the resulting color is 100 % orange.Reluctantly the color washes off easy ; so I was able to wash this right off.I tried once more a week later ; and unfortunately I received the same result as the first time I had used this product.Spend $ 9 less , and purchase the Neutrogena Spray at Walgreens for a more believable look .
 I had skin reactions from Dermalogica instant eye repair . My lower lid -LRB- under eye are -RRB- became red and inflamed from the time i started to use the product .
 this product is just ok ... . it is slightly moisturizing but doesnt help wrinkles or fine lines . Ive been using it about 6 months and i dont see any real difference . Its just eh ... i wouldnt purchase it again
 I used it until it was gone . Was moisturizing but overall I did not notice any difference . It is expensive cream , so to me not worth the purchase after I noticed no difference .
 This product did not work for me and if you have really sensitive eye areas be careful . I 'm glad I did n't pay the $ 75 like it shows on other websites .
 I returned this product , the cream came in opened and damaged package . I ca n't rate the product , because I returned it
 My wife had a Spa Science microdermabrasion tool , which eventually wore out . When we went to buy a new one , we encountered the Microdermabrasion Kit FB-24m . It offered many features and attachments that the Spa Science model did not . When it arrived , the kit did not contain most of the items promised . What 's worse , it is about 10 % as effective as the Spa Science model . If you are debating which one to get , the Spa Science model gives you value for your money . It pains me to write this review , as I have always previously been satisfied with purchases from Amazon or one of its affiliates.Microdermabrasion Kit FB-24m
 The manufacturer wants you to think this is a quality facial cleaner . It actually just vibrates . The cleaning heads do not rotate or move at all . It did arrive in a timely manner , so the seller did his part .
 The array of attachments is a plus , as is the portability , but the unit does n't have the sustained power I wanted . It does n't take much pressure to stop the tip . I hardly ever use it . One other consideration is opening the top/cover -- it 's very awkward . The clasp is well-secured , so getting a good grip on the item is difficult because it 's so smooth , round , and larger than my hand can grip . Perhaps it 's just my unit that has a tricky clasp .
 I bought this at my local grocery store , excited that they were selling Jason products and having used some of their body lotions before -LRB- cocoa butter and vitamin e lotions -RRB- . After using this once , I know that I will never be using it again . It smells like a very strong baby powder . My eyes are watering and the smell has not gone away 2 hours later . Unfortunately , the return policy of this company is that they wo n't accept anything that has been opened . There 's nothing in their policy about customer satisfaction -LRB- which I am not satisfied -RRB- .
 Used the perfume oil for years ... thought spray would bea nice change . Use Rain and the spray does not have the samesent . Do not like it at all .
 Perhaps this fragrance is aptly named as the `` Rain '' seems to have washed all the fragrance away.Despite a number of `` Spritzs '' there is absolutely no scent.Sorry to say .
 Although my doctor recommended this product for a severe outbreak of eczema -LRB- the worst I 've had in over twenty years -RRB- , the supposedly non-reactive lanolin in the lotion caused a major case of contact dermatitis . -LRB- Which I have n't had since trying Keri Lotion to treat the last major outbreak ... -RRB- IMHO , if you 're in any way sensitive to lanolin , stick with either Aveeno or Cetaphil .
 It 's super tiny ... . The barrel is about the size of a marker . i do n't know what i was expecting , but this is pretty much only good for straightening the front of my hair . It would not be possible to use it to curl all of my hair . At least it lights easily and it is small enough to fit in a purse .
 This product does not supply enough heat for a curling iron . Packing is nice , but product is too small to handle and does not curl properly .
 Although a great size for travel or for on-the-go , this curler does not heat up enough to be able to style hair .
 This stuff not only h \ as a very unpleasant smell , but is nothing special at all . I would expect a million times more from a product that is from fake bake . The smell is actually gross , nothing like you would would think . Its kind of a burnt plastic , chemical smell . And does nothing extra for your skin except make it greasy like baby oil . Only not even as good as baby oil . Very disappointed and you are wasting your money if you buy this product .
 I got this in the hopes it would work on the &#34; dry skin &#34; areas . First of all it smells like plastic , so really makes you want to spray it on you and secondly it turned the palms of my hands VERY dark brown to the point that they looked black . So instead of doing what its made to do , it made me smell like plastic and turned my palms black . DO NOT BUY THIS !!!!!
 Crappy vendor SpaSpa displays inventory they do not possess . Two weeks later your order gets cancelled before you have the chance to give them a negative review , hence their artificially stellar ratings . Stay away .
 I 've bought this product for years , but when I got it in the 7 oz . bottle , it did not smell or feel like the same product . It was rough feeling and the scent was not as nice . I wonder if it was a fake ? Considering that this offering is so less costly than the other offerings of the boxed version , I 'd be careful .
 Not the Maja smell ! is smells nice , but is definetely not the fragance om Maja products , do n't know how this happens , but wo n't buy again .
 Your website shows and describes Maja Soap 6 bars x 3.15 oz square bars , which is what I wanted and ordered.However when I finally got the items 21/2 weeks later it was 2 boxes of rectanuglar shaped soaps.This is not what I ordered or wanted and I sent an e-mail back to the provider stating that and I have not heard back from them .
 They do not send the Eau de Parfum Spray , they send you the Eau de Toilette Spray -- when you call -LRB- if you are lucky enough to get someone -RRB- , that person will claim that the Parfum Spray is no longer manufactured -LRB- shelves of the stuff at local department stores evidence to the contrary -RRB- . When you send the stuff back via certified mail , your account will not be credited . When you try to call them , repeatedly , you will be sorely disappointed . Avoid these scam artists .
 When I received my package , I opened it and found there is no protective materials in the box !! The bottle cap is broken and some of the liquids has come out !! so terrible .
 The container lid leaks . I had n't even opened it yet and everything leaked out of the seal on the lid . Boo . I was really looking forward to using this stuff .
 I will finish off what I have because this product does refresh and it does not contain alcohol . However , it does not smell good . My husband always prods what product he 's smelling -- and not in a good way . I myself do n't care for it . Also , it has n't done anything to help clear up my skin or heal the acne I do have . I know my acne is hormone related since I just had a baby and am nursing , but this still has done nothing to help . I will not buy this again . I will go back to using Neutrogena 's alcohol free toner . It smells so much better and works just as good as a toner .
 I agree with the first reviewer . I bought this hair dryer in December 2008 and it quit working in May 2010 . I had problems with it from the start . More than half the time I used it the hair dryer would shut off before my hair was dry . Due to the smell I could tell it was overheating . It would operate again in about 10 minutes . This went on until it finally quit working for good this month . The product looks good and I love a wall mounted hair dryer but I need one that works until my hair is dry . We had no problems with our old wall mounted hair dryer but needed a replacement after someone dropped it on the counter and cracked it . I would not recommend this hair dryer for anyone who has thick or medium to long hair as it will not get your hair dry before shutting off .
 Did love this hairdryer , but after less than 9 months does not work . Only used by me , so little wear and tear . Disappointed , thought i was purchasing a top of the line dryer . Will by a different make this time around .
 do not buy this garbage it was so tight on the hear I bought it thinking it was thick but it was a thin and flimsy piece of grabage
 I ordered this hair piece because it was suppose to be thicker than the other one you advertised . To return anything to this company -LRB- Braidies -RRB- or Amazon is not the easiest or converient , so I 'm stuck with something so little I could use a string just as well.Sincerely , Frances Jones
 This product is HORRIBLE ! It leaves your hair dull and lifeless and drier than you can imagine . My hair is actually mushy , if you can imagine that . It takes the same amount of time to straighten as it did before , but when straight it looks frizzy . Also , wearing it curly is not an option anymore - do not ever use this product !
 Was very excited to try , but VERY disappointed with the results . My average curly hair is now extremely dry and smelly and still curly ! I was very careful to follow all directions but would highly recommend going to the professionals , as this product does NOT work ! Save your money , time , and hair !
 Straight to the maxx ? , more like STRAIGHT TO THE TRASH ! I 've been chemically relaxing my hair for 16 years and have never come across a product that is so deceiving . Their infomercials , which should have given me a hint , made the product seem like the expensive Japanese product that can only be perfomed at salons . This product does n't even come close to it , AND they have the nerve to stick on a price tag that has guts to a product that lacks nuts !!! My hair still came out curly and was dried out even worse than I could imagine . NEVER USE THIS PRODUCT ! MY HAIR HAD TO BE CUT OFF !!!
 I have very thick , curly , frizzy hair . After spending the necessary time to get the system into my hair and brush , brush , brush it in , I ended up taring tons of hair out . Then after all that hard work , my hair still looked curly and frizzy . Then the straightening with the flat iron took about 2.5 hours . Now , my hair is straight frizz . . even after applying the leave in conditioner . For people with thick curly hair I would say `` DO N'T DO IT '' . Now I 'm looking into investing my $ $ $ in a professional flat iron instead of these bogus products .
 I WANT TO CRY THINKING ABOUT WHAT THIS PRODUCT HAS DONE TO MY HAIR . IT IS THE WORST !!!!!!! MY HAIR IS DRIER THAN EVER !!! I USED TO HAVE FRIZZY HAIR AND HOPED THIS PRODUCT WOULD HELP BUT NOW ITS WORSE THAN IT EVER WAS . . DO NOT EVER USE THIS UNLESS YOU WANT TO KICK YOURSELF FOR THE NEXT COUPLE OF YEARS WONDERING WHY YOU ACTUALLY GAVE MONEY FOR THIS HORRIBLE HORRIBLE PRODUCT TO DISTROY YOUR HAIR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I decided to try this product after my cousin claimed she had excellent results and found it was not all that great . It definitely did a lot of damage to my hair . My hair was slightly straighter then average , but it still took the same amount of time to straighten my hair as it usually would . I would not buy this product again . I think it just depends of what kind of hair you have . I have wavy/curly hair . My cousin has really curly/nappy hair .
 Like the the other reviewers , I also bought into the pitch . I have curly hair and after using the product was left with damaged frizzy hair . It was neither straight nor curly . It took longer after applying this product to style my hair . Using this product only damaged my hair . My hair was left feeling so fraigle . This product made my hair break ofF . This was a complete waste of money .
 This product and the message behind it absolutely stinks . I have curly , fabulous hair and there 's no reason for me or anyone else to think that having straight hair is more beautiful or professional . This is got to be one of the most racist and culturally insensitive infomercials I have ever seen on tv and feeds into popular stereotypes of what `` beautiful '' looks like in our society .
 I 've used just about every hair thickener , and this is not my favorite . The price is fantastic , but the smell was too strong and gross . The sprayer was very messy and would spray more than my hair . I highly recommend My Secret Hair Enhancer or Fullmore -LRB- by Spencer Forrest -RRB- . Both are quality cans at great prices .
 What a waste of money . I do n't have much hair & thought it would do the trick & fill in the bare spots . Well it did , but it 's so messy and when you spray it on , it 's almost like paint & spray everywhere as well . Do yourself a favor & save your money for something much better .
 This product sucks . It feels terrible in your hair and you ca n't style after it dries . It took forever to wash out and made a mess every where . My advice DO N'T BUY IT .
 It 's absolutely sticky , strong odor ! Bad for a date or interview , when you touch your head , it stains your hands ... become dark !!!! total mess on my face when rain!SHAME TO BE EXPOSED THAT WAY !!!! DO NOT USE . BAD BAD BAD !
 Jerome Russell Spary On Hair Color is messy and comes out of spray can too heavy . It got on my clothes and bedding . The dark brown has too much red in it . I would never order this product again and do n't recommend it .
 I 've used several different sprays and powders on the top of my head . This was by far the worse product I 've tried . Very sticky and seemed like the spray had bigger drops if that makes sense . Just a clumsy application that was messy and not discreet . It also seemed to really dry my hair out and make it straw like . I went back to Toppik powders .
 Well , I am 29 and about a year ago I had begun to loose some hair in the front of my scalp and had been panicking about it , so , I thought what the heck let me see if this product works . I have to admit that I have only tried it twice , and the reason being is that this spray is VERY MESSY and will also paint your face if your not careful . Also , I dont recommend anyone using it on a hot day , where you may be prone to sweating because if you do sweat , you better run to a bathroom to either wash it off or you will look rediculous with color all over your face . Conversely , I think maybe this spray may work better if your using it during the winter , or when it 's not rainaing because it will look like your bleading on your head black paint .
 the product is difficult to control and goes everywhere except where you want it , especially for me where I do not have a very large area to cover ! For me , the powders with a brush work much better
 Careful with the color , I ordered dark brown and was sent black ! Never got to use it because of that .
 It did not do what it said it would do , It smelled , looked fake , come off on clothes & Was terrible in wetness
 This is a product that truly lives down to its reputation . Never mind that it stinks -LRB- and not in a suitably masculine way -RRB- and is runny , the spray comes out with such force that you might want to apply it in the shower so you can rinse down the walls afterward.What a huge disappointment.Worse , the retailer wo n't let me return the five unopened cans , so I 'm stuck with six of these smelly things .
 I 've used this quite a bit in the past because I did n't know what else to use . I have found something now that is much better . This sprays too hard and also leaves a residue on surrounding areas .
 I bought this thinking that it would be useful to spray my grey ` sideburns ' that go grey quicker than the rest of my head.It was messy , gloppy , and useless for this purpose .
 Save your money . I bought this item thinking it was a good deal and I was running short on my other bottle . When I got it the color was more of a orange pinkish compared to my REAL juicy couture which is a yellowish . It sprayed fine and the bottle was EXACTLY the same except the tassle was kinda weird . The top stopper broke off . It does not smell the same at all , its watered down or something . I feel like im spraying pee all over me cause it has a funny smell like that . DONT BUY !
 I love the smell of Juicy Couture so I thought I would order it . It was $ 50 for 3.4 oz and I thought , wow , what a good deal !! But I should have known better . When I received it , I was so anxious to use it and bring it to school . But I noticed after a few uses , the scent faded a little quickly , leading me to think that it might be fake . I ca n't return it now or ask for a refund because it 's been opened and used . But next time I would just rather spend a few $ $ extra at the department store so I can ensure that it 's real . I am disappointed . One time my mom bought fake Dolce Gabbana off the street in Chinatown , and a few weeks later the top smelt musty , and the scent faded away after a few moments . Therefore , I figured it must it be fake , so I hope the same thing does n't happen my perfume now . I am really disappointed , but at least my bottle of Juicy Couture does n't smell musty -LRB- yet -RRB- ... I hope it wo n't .
 I was excited to get such a big bottle for such a low price but now I 'm upset . Usually when I wear Juicy , the perfume stays on my body/clothes for hours and I ever use a lot . With this product however , I have to basically shower in the perfume and the smell is nonexistent after two hours . I am very disappointed with this product .
 I buy stuff on Amazon all the time and this is by far the worst thing i have ever purchased . Its FAKE ! It smells awful it 's not even the same color as the real Juicy Couture spray . Next time i will spend the money and buy the real stuff .
 I realized this fragrance did not last like the first bottle I purchased -LRB- which was from a dept store -RRB- . Then I realized it smelled slightly different too . I purchased a bottle from Macy 's and compared them side by side . Sure enough this one was different . A knock off for sure .
 I do judge a perfume by its packaging . I went to a local retail store desperately in need of some odor other than mine , with internal parameters that the product could not be produced by adult celebrities or teen celebrities , and that the packaging did not look like it was geared toward teens , teen celebrities , or adults posing as teen celebrities . This one seemed to fit my liking , without busting my husband 's wallet -LRB- I purchased a mini -RRB- . Other stuff , see below : Good stuff : - It is a parfum , which is the longest lasting of the liquids in the perfume world.-Bottles are exquisite.-Price effective if you do not use it as Jean Nate -LRB- no accent key -RRB- Splash.Bad stuff : - Top note reminds me of Christian Dior 's `` Poison '' . ' 88 , anyone ? -LRB- I know it was introduced in ' 85 , but it hit teen culture in my neck of the woods in ' 88 . -RRB- - Other notes are totally girly-girl floral in general ; I can not pinpoint notes . Watch out ! - Headache producer .
 I do not like this perfume at all , it has a too musky and strong smell I bought it and I am more of a fruity/floral soft person . This was not my favorite . However the new juicy perfume that is fruity is much better . It 's called Viva juicy : -RRB-
 i got it cause i kept hearing wonderful reviews . i smell nothing but alcohol when i smell this . not for me i guess .
 My wife did n't like it . It is very flowery and she is more of a sweet or musk scent type . If you want to smell like flowers , try it out . Ps , this stuff is not strong . She does 3-4 sprays and I cant smell it on her an hour later . Wish I bought her more Amarige De Givenchy . Thats my fav on her .
 I purchased Juicy Couture By Juicy Couture For Women , Eau De Parfum Spray , 3.4-Ounce Bottle -LRB- tester -RRB- for $ 39.50 . -LRB- The tester is no longer offered as of 6-1-08 -RRB- Sold by
 If you want this enough , spend the extra $ 20 on Juicy Couture 's actual website . The one I got was a fake . However , Amazon was helpful and refunded my money . Be aware that you can not return fragrances because of the flammable liquids .
 I ordered the perfume in the picture which I already had previously so I know of this product and i got a different juicy perfume , what sucks is I ordered it to the states and i told them not to open the box but I live in Israel so when I got it I was very upset : - -LRB-
 I agree with another reviewer in that I like this scent much better after the `` dry down '' period . The ` notes ' that are left after about 30 min . are kind of nice , but I would n't purchase again . This is too overwhelming and too `` flowery '' for me personally . Though I was n't allergic to it like most scents , it did give me a slight headache . If you like perfumes that people will definitely know you 're right around the corner , then this one might be for you . Because this one is definitely `` loud '' and you can most certainly `` hear '' it announcing itself ! If you want a more light & subtle scent that 's very similar , try `` Pretty '' by Elizabeth Arden .
 When my 15 year old daughter opened the cellaphane wrapped box she found that her 3.4 oz bottle did not have ribbon and charm wrapped around throat of bottle . She did not want JC just for the charm but apparently the younger girls collect JC charms and sometime wear them . I called vendor customer service to ask about this but customer service stated that they did not sell re-packaged items . No problem with the scent . It is authentic product . I was disappointed because it was my 15 year old 's first bottle of eau de parfum so she will most likely remember missing out on her charm . Anyone have an extra charm out there ?
 Every time I put this swcent on -LRB- and i 've given it more than a fair number of tries ! -RRB- it gives me nauseating headache , and I can feel it on me all day in the most disturbing way.MAybe it 's just me , it does not smell nasty , it smells interesting , but I just ca n't handle it . . one of those you HAVE to try on first .
 I do not like this perfume at all . To me , it smells like something an old woman would wear . Does n't surprise me since there are none of the typical `` young '' notes in here at all -LRB- especially vanilla -RRB- . Or if there are , I sure as heck ca n't smell them ! All the friends I 've asked have agreed with me that this is an old woman-smelling perfume . I sold mine on ebay .
 Like most of you , I love Juicy & gave myself a bottle for Christmas to carry me thru the New Year . The new `` parfume '' arrived quickly & when it was unwrapped the metal logo fell off the front of the bottle -LRB- that should have put up the antenna -RRB- ; I had just purchased some fingernail glue & that worked perfectly for remounting the logo.....so-o-o-o nieve ... I opened to sniff & it smelled like Juicy -LRB- yah , I was wearing my own Juicy -RRB- ; and , after the real Juicy ran out ... the one ordered from Amazon did n't smell like Juicy anymore ; and , time had tolled on returning it.Bottom line , my Christmas Present Juicy is either old stock or pseudo-Juicy ! P.S. I have purchased over 40-items on Amazon & this is my first negative feedback ; however , it is not my first disapppointment ... I do not punish a Seller with negative feedback simply because I did n't like a product I purchased !
 The only complaint I have is , it 's not really pink , it 's more peach . I wanted a pink eyeshadow to prepare for the summer , guess i still got ta keep looking .
 I ordered a babyliss pro ceramic flat iron . In the picture it said porcelain ceramic on the iron . When i got the product the box said babyliss pro ceramic tools , but the iron inside is a conair ceramic tools .
 did not receive the flat iron pictured , rather a cheaper knock off version , initial heat up , the flat iron smells awful . very disappointed . definitely not a babyliss ! ive only used babyliss for years , and just by appearance and weight , i know its not the same . in need of a full refund !
 I was excited when I bought this . I read a lot of reviews and thought this would be a great buy but I was extremely disappointed . My whole room stunk like awful chemicals every time i used this flat iron . Definitely do not buy . You 'll regret it just like I did .
 I decided to get Mary Kay 's Timewise cleanser after I had a consultation done by a rep. The first few times I used the product my skin felt amazing . After a few I noticed that my skin felt very dry despite the fact that I used moisturizer everyday . I stopped using the product a little too late . My skin developed eczema that has spread over my face . A month and a half later , my skin is still very dry and flaky and I still have eczema . I do n't have sensitive skin at all and would never recommend this to anyone else .
 Bought the Cleanser but the seller had run out of the product . Received refund immediately . I use this product and it works wonderfully . I have used several facial cleansing products , ex Clinic , Neutragena , Dermatologica ... I found this one which does the best .
 It is ILLEGAL to sell MARY KAY on AMAZON ! Violates the consultant agreement and MK is cracking down on this . Sued women doing the same thing on ebay and was awarded damages . Id get this off of here asap .
 If this is White Linen by Estee Lauder , then it is VERY old . It STINKS like cheap Kmart perfume . Lesson learned .
 I really like the fragrance of patchouli . I 'd purchased a bar of soap from Whole Foods that has a really good patchouli fragrance that stays on the skin all day . I thought this would be better because it 's triple milled and would last longer than the bar I got from Whole Foods . However , they must have left the patchouli out of this batch . There 's NO discernible fragrance AT ALL . Patchouli has a pretty strong odor so if there was any in here it should hit your nose the minute you walk in the bathroom -LRB- the other one does -RRB- . I 'd say this was falsely advertised . If it 's any indication of their other soaps I would n't waste my money . In fact , I wo n't again . That 's my last purchase from this company .
 product was no longer available and there was no mention of this.so i was sent two of the same items . I then had to return the item . I was not happy.Cashmere Mist By Donna Karan For Women . Set-edt Spray 1.7 Ounces & Shampoo 2.5 Ounces & Conditioner 2.5 Ounces & Travel Bag
 I used Jade East for years starting in 1965 . A few years ago I found it again and it was n't quite as good as before . This time I find it to not even be close to the way it was before . It 's a Very Weak quality . Not sure I will ever buy again .
 Bought this for display in a 60s collection and was surprised that it came with a completely different label and box than pictured , and that it is non-returnable . To be fair , this is mentioned in the description , but I expect more from Amazon than misleading display photos and an exception to their usual easy return policy .
 This `` stuff '' has only the slightest hint of the original , and overall , it literally stinks , does not have a nice odor at all , just a `` dirty '' odor . The sense of smell is often thought to be our best long term memory , and I do remember what the original Jade East smelled like , It was sweet , masculine , and sexy . This smells like it 's generic name tends to bring to mind `` toilet water '' , as if it was dipped out of one . AND , it stinks in more ways that one . The estimated delivery date was Wednesday the 18th , I waited till Saturday , the 21st to take care of returning it , and Amazon had it listed as return window closed on the 20th , only 2 days after the estimated delivery date , True , it did show up a couple days before the 18th , but `` give me a break '' , I ca n't even make it to the weekend to set up a return ? I purchased both the after shave and cologne , hoping at least one of them would have the correct aroma , they both smell exactly alike , both bad , neither what I expected and neither worth sell at all well for a buck in a dollar store .
 This is a poor , low quality knock off of the original product . Nothing more than alcohol and water and a little brand unknown fragrance . The product I used in the 1960 's was made by Swank and was a very powerful distinctive fragrance . I am disappointed . I loved Jade East Cologne and would purchase it gladly if it were available made by Swank .
 I do n't have a problem with the seller as I do with the product , I am very disappointed to say the least that anyone would market this aftershave and try to pass it off as Jade East!I can save someone a few dollars , this is mostly alcohol with a slight and I am being generous when I say slight fragrance of anything . If you remember Jade East , how it smelled ... this is as far as the east is from the west in comparison.Nothing like the original ! If only they would market that again !
 This item is difficult to review . First of all , the red is amazing . Gorgeous ! The best red I 've seen , I love it . My hair is dark brown , and the red showed up nicely.That 's the good news . The bad is that the red washed out within two washes . And , this was the most difficult dye I ever worked with . It stained my ceramic tiles , the grout , my face , my arms and nails , my floor . It ruined my bathroom carpet . I use dye all the time , and yes , it splatters , but always if I wipe it quickly , it is fine . And never had I had my shower and tub stained so badly.So , make your own choice . The red is excellent but be careful ! Other Manic Panic red dyes last longer and do n't stain things that are not your hair as badly , but are not as brilliant a red either .
 After seeing several youtube beauty gurus use this product with great results , I decided to give it a try myself . Boy do I regret that decision . I 've colored my hair several times in the past and this was by far the messiest application I 've encountered . First off , the product does n't come with protective gloves or a tint brush which they tell you to use in the directions . FAIL ! Secondly , the dye stains pretty badly . You 're bound to get some on your skin , sink or clothes . An SOS pad and some bathroom cleaner will take care of the sink pretty well , but it 's pretty tough to get off of your skin and clothes . Lastly , when I went to rinse the color out after leaving it in for 30 mins , the water never ran clear . I rinsed for 20 mins , and I still had red dye coming out . Finally , I just stopped rinsing , dried by hair and went to bed . When I woke up the next morning , my pillow was stained red . Just awful . I will NEVER use this product again and I advise you not to . The hair color does look nice , and I like it , but t really is n't worth it for what I had to go through . Stay far away , you 'll be glad you did .
 There is a reason this costs $ 10 . It smells bad . Definitely a bad choice so make no mistake you will regret this purchase.gave it one star because there were no other choices
 NM Nicole Miller is an overwhelmingly sweet AND complex floral . On me , it 's a lot-o-note mess , and I just ca n't stand it . It like NM Nicole Miller ca n't make up it 's mind what it wants to be - fruity-floral , oriental , floriental , gourmand . So , I 'll make up it 's mind for it . NM Nicole Miller is scrubber . This olfactory chaos is nauseating . I might as well be on a carnival ride , at least I 'd get something out of the experience.I tend to prefer more simplicity in my sweets and in my florientals . If you 're like that too , you might just steer clear of this one , or at least try it before you buy it . I 'm glad that I did !
 This perfume is far from being original . It 's a fake one . The bottle has no name on it and it 's so oily . I regret getting it .
 I must admit that the order arrived promptly . But I was disappointed to find out that the perfume was not sealed -LRB- there was no plastic wrap so one could easily tamper with the contents of the bottle -RRB- . It appears that Nicole Miller does not sell it sealed so I wo n't blame the seller . My wife did n't like the smell either , after reading the reviews in this forum I learned that this perfume is popular with the older crowd . My wife and I would like to share following lesson with the readers . . `` Visit nearby mall or any store that sells perfumes . . try the testers and select the one you like . . then come here -LRB- Amazon -RRB- . . check the price and order it if it is going to be cheaper ''
 I received a spray sample of this scent and absolutely LOVED it so ordered it and received it in only 2 days . That is the good part . The bad part is that it does n't smell the same . It is stronger and smells like it has aged from not being used for a long time . Then I found you ca n't return fragrances to Amazon so I am very disappointed . I wish I could figure out how to make the smell better so I can use it .
 I Buy this exact Nicole Miller perfume the past 5 years and I love it ! Ive never had a problem with anything like this in the past . I received it and the color was off and the smell was tainted ... does not even sort of smell like the perfume . Since there is no returns -LRB- go figure -RRB- Im stuck with a bad product and need to buy another one.BEWARE !! unless I got an old one or something since the other reviews are decent ... very strange.I gave two stars ONLY cuz shipping was one time .
 The bottle looks so weird it has no name on it or any sticker at then end.Without its packing no one can say its Nicole miller 's perfume.I have bought one from Macy 's its completely different so i would suggest everyone not to buy it .
 I purchased a handbag from nicole miller and it was very cheaply made and broke within the first week . When I contacted the company , as I did not have my receipt any longer , they would not stand behind the product at all . They had me take pictures of the bag and it took them over a month to respond , and they only respond after I inquired an additional time . They were unwilling to stand behind their cheaply made product and the customers service I received was horrible . I would not recommend this company to anyone .
 Beware ! The website listed two products but you will only get one . Why would they think that I would want to buy one vaseline for almost $ 7 .
 I ordered this iron as well as the BaByliss Vented Flat Iron priced at $ 73.99 to compare , then decide which would fulfill my needs the best for my slightly wavy hair . They were both easy to handle although this model was slightly lighter . This model has 4 heat settings , the other only 2 . I tested both at their highest setting -LRB- 180C for this one vs. 230C -RRB- . The results were similiar . In comparing the two I noticed that the BaByliss has a slightly larger heating area , has a superior hair `` guide '' to keep the hair strand in contact with the ceramic plate , has `` cool-touch '' pads on the ends to help cinch the hair strand in tighter , and most importantly the BaByliss was constructed better . More expensive does n't mean better this time . Go with the BaByliss .
 I was looking for a replacement for Ultima II CHR Lotion . The item received was a highly fragrenced lotion that was unuseable . My entire home smelled of the product and everyone in my home complained that it was too strong .
 the description says `` paraben-free '' and the ingredients directly below it list methylparaben and propylparaben ... which one is correct ?
 it is way to strong for my face , i had use a dime size all over my wet face and then rinse , after i look in the mirror my face was red all over.it went straight in the garbage , but what i do like is clean and clear blackhead eraser scrub , it smell really good and leaves my face super soft , so i will continue to use clean and clear blackhead eraser scrub , as for the clean and clear continuous control acne cleanser never again will i put that crap on my face .
 This product probably works different for different people . I 'm over 40 and found this product way too strong . It dries out your skin , ruins your towels and makes your face red for a while . Not a very good `` every day '' product . I actually got a zit AFTER using the product . If you insist on using this stuff , use paper towels to dry your face !
 I 've had some luck with Clean & Clear products so I had no qualms picking up the Continuous Control Acne Cleanser from the store . However , as soon as I used it I became a bit frustrated.To begin with , the formula is very watery and thin . I prefer something a little thicker and this did n't feel like it stayed on my skin long enough to do a very good job . While it might have helped with acne a little , it definitely does not live up to its name.I also felt that it made my skin more oily and I quickly stopped using it to switch to a different product . Over the course of the day , my skin would become uncomfortably oily . Where is the continuous control in that?Clean & Clear 's Continuous Control Acne cleanser sat in my shower for quite some time before I finally picked it up again , a sure sign that this product was no doing its job adequately.There are definitely other acne products , some even from Clean & clear , that I prefer of the Continuous Control Acne Cleanser .
 This product is awful !! It dries out your skin , does n't clear up acne AT ALL , and it bleaches everything it comes in contact with . Your clothes , washclothes ... everything is ruined !! So if you want to rub bleach on your face , this is the product for you . Otherwise , do n't waste your time , clothes and money !
 I was using this product in the shower , and after a couple days was noticing bleach spots on my towel and bath mat . I could n't figure out what was happening . Then I realized this product was the doing it . I was washing my face , showering , and still when I 'd step out onto the tub mat the water on my feet would bleach the mat . This is ridiculous ! It should come with a BIG warning to only use white towels .
 so far , 3 kids -LRB- 18 , 16 and 13 -RRB- have had no results with this . The boys may be a little challenged on washing with it twice a day and have more severe acne than the 13yo but I 'm very disappointed that it has not helped them at all .
 Do not use this product if you do not actually have acne ! I have a few pimples but took it upon myself to try this out and I woke up the next morning with a puffy red rash all over my face ! It 's been 4 days since I used it and my skin is peeling and flakey and completely agitated . I 'm sure this works wonderfully to those with lots of acne , but this was so harsh and terrible on my skin .
 I absolutely love this product . it does n't dry my skin like it did to other reviewers . but , after about two weeks of using the product , i noticed the expiration date . It expired in 2005 . that was SEVEN years ago . -LRB- It is Dec 2012 now -RRB- .
 I used this a while ago , it did n't really clear any acne whatsoeverit was n't very drying though . it smelled not so great too . its not horrible but it did n't clear any of my acne
 I bought it because i like the fragance , but this product is not the original parfum . Beside , i received it BROKEN . It was horrible , because i waited this pakage for a gift . Buy it was a unpleasant experience .
 This is the product I ordered but I was sent children 's spray SPF 25 , something not for adult daily use on the face.The seller ignored my responses about incorrect product shipped .
 I bought this product as a substitute for panoxyl . It did n't work for me at all . My shoulders were still occasionally breaking out and when I rinsed off in the shower it left a film over my whole body .
 I bought this soap because I remembered how clear my skin was after a visit to the geothermal springs -LRB- the steam from which is rife with sulfur -RRB- at Yellowstone years ago.My skin is rather fair and has moderately-sized pores . Before I used this soap , the most oily areas were on my forehead , nose and chin , and I generally broke out near or on my nose , in between my eyebrows , in front of my ears , in the crease of my chin and on my neck.Here 's a quick summary of what 's happened to my skin since I started using this soap a month ago : I washed my face no more than twice a day the entire time I used it . My complexion was more even and clear for the first 10 days or so , but also slightly drier -LRB- as I could n't find the right moisturizer -RRB- . The soap really did clear out my pores , but did so in excess -- when my skin became more oily in sustained hot weather , my entire forehead -LRB- which used to be relatively clear , compared to other areas of my face -RRB- became a minefield of pimples . This has progressively worsened , and now larger patches on my neck and chin have broken out , as have my cheeks -LRB- which rarely broke out before -RRB- . It used to be that the severity of my breakouts would fluctuate with hormonal levels . Now my breakouts are constant , and far worse than any that I can remember . Relatively more pimples have been deep-set and painful than in the past.I would recommend this soap if you have skin that is n't so sensitive , or acne that is caused more by bacteria than by hormones . Sulfur is a great antibacterial agent for the skin . Do n't be concerned about the smell of the soap ; it smells only faintly of sulfur , and the smell does not linger after the soap is rinsed off.However , if you have very fair or sensitive skin and have tried the usual salicylic acid/benzoyl peroxide/etc , just give up and see a dermatologist .
 These gloves were so tight that the tips of my fingers tingled while I fell asleep the first night that I wore them . They were a BIT looser by the morning but still not great . However , the part that fits around my wrist is INCREDIBLY loose and does not even touch my wrist . I am very dissapointed and am on the hunt again for a great glove . By the way , I am only 110 pounds so do NOT have very big hands . I ca n't imagine what a more normal sized person might experience with these !
 I picked these up to help with a case of dry skin . I 've got rather large hands which I often have a difficult time purchasing gloves for . These did not fit the bill . Very , very small . Even though they are cotton with a bit of spandex , they were hard to put on and did in fact affect circulation . I was only able to try them for a few minutes . They were just too uncomfortable to wear . I ca n't imagine that they would fit a male with anything larger than medium size hands .
 I 've used `` light '' blonde shades pretty frequently over the years , and this one came out way paler than I expected . I know L'Oreal hair color is a bit lighter than other brands , I did n't think it was THIS much lighter , it 's more light an extra light ash blonde . From comparing the boxes and the swatches , it looked like this would just be a shade lighter than L'Oreal 's Champagne blonde with a cooler tone which is what I was going for . My hair is pretty much platinum blonde right now , and it looks almost white . This is n't really a bad color for someone else , but it really washes me out and it 's not what I wanted or expected when I bought and used it.Also , it was a lot more damaging than Superior Preference is on my hair . My ends are incredibly dry and frizzy , and my hair wo n't stop tangling . I was also surprised by how little dye there is . My hair is just a little below my shoulders , and not all that thick -LRB- not thin either though -RRB- and only barely had enough to cover my whole head , and even then the last pieces I did were n't covered as much as I 'd have liked . I was very worried I 'd have chunks of a different color in the back.I 'm far too disappointed to use this brand or shade again . I think I 'll try out the John Frieda color , and hope that works better .
 I liked the idea of the beige blonde look , but it made my hair more like a dark beige and it turned it a silver grey color , which was pretty but not what I wanted . Luckily , it washed out with a lemon juice and conditioner mix that I used . I also liked the idea that it softened mature features , but with the silver grey in my hair , I felt like it made me look older .
 I have been using Excellence Dark Chocolate Brown 4AR , for a few years and the color has always been perfect.I had purchased 3 boxes of hair color from this vendor . I applied the first box of color , and my gray roots turned bright copper . Thinking it was a fluke , I applied the second box of color 2 weeks later and AGAIN , bright copper roots.I called L'Oreal and was informed that the hair color I was sold , is outdated and had expired quite some time ago.A word to the wise . . take caution in buying hair color from this vendor , it is beyond annoying , and a waste of money !!
 I purchased this hair color in `` Light Beige Brown 6BB '' and it is anything but a light brown . My hair is a dark burgandy red !! It looks terrible and I ca n't wait for it to fade . If you are going to use this hair color I suggest picking out the color you like and then going down 2 shades lighter .
 Super stoked on the price but when it came , it looked as if it was made in the 90 's . There is not even an expiration date on the stuff . The coloring is even off a bit and I 'm going to contact Loreal to find out when it was made and what kind of expired effect the chemicals are having on my head . Dont like the fact that I 'm having to do this -LRB- color my hair -RRB- , and now it 's even worst knowing that the molecules in this stuff is breaking down and forming someother compound . I think I 'm going to throw it out !! It 's burns my scalp ! I had to go to target and buy `` new '' coloring that obviously is not made a decade ago . Not happy about this one .
 did n't even lighten my roots . I 'm going back to preference light ash blonde pro keratin . And my hair was like straw . I was angry that I had to deep condition for 3 days straight . Pissed .
 This product did not even come close to the package description . Since I have to use twenty words I thought I might describe my hair after applying the dye as witch black , muddy , flat , black dripping color , black ink like , soupy black . There is not one ounce of brown tone in my hair . Thank goodness for color dye removing products .
 I like this haircolor a lot and have been using it for years . It gets good gray coverage and is a nice medium brown . The problem is in the fine print . This color comes in both `` warmer '' and `` cooler , '' according to the fine print on the right of the box , next to the color number . My friend who is a hairdresser says `` warmer '' gives better gray coverage , which is definitely what I need , and I like warmer tones better in general . The picture on the Amazon website clearly says `` warmer '' on this box , yet when I order , they send me a box of `` cooler . '' Not cool ! I so far have been able to exchange it at drugstores that carry the warmer version , but it is hard to find in stores also . Amazon , PLEASE , stock and send me the warmer version , because according to the picture , this is what I am ordering ! If you do , this review will go from one star to five !
 when I ordered 2 of this item , the title AND description stated it was `` L'Oreal Paris Excellence To-Go 10-Minute Cr&egrave;me Colorant , Natural Black '' . Instead I got the regular , 40-minute L'Oreal product -LRB- now $ 4.74 on Amazon -RRB- for the 10-minute price -LRB- $ 8.99 -RRB- . Right color , but definitely not the 10-minute Creme.The seller listed was Amazon , LLC . I even double checked the order while holding the box . Product title says it 's the 10-minute Creme . I got two boxes of the regular stuff . Very disappointed .
 I am just so pissed right now because the description is completely wrong . instead of a dark brown color , my hair is now jet BLACK !!! I just spent $ 100 on bleaching my hair and thanks to this product , i have to spend another 100 to bleach my hair again . .
 I love L'Oreal products and have used many of their hair dyes . I have very fine , naturally medium to dark brown hair with very little grey at the temples . I can go for very long time periods without dying my hair.I decided to try this shade as in the past , I 've had good luck with all medium browns except for one of the shades of Feria which turned it black . I had to use Color Ooops to get the black out of my hair that time.I was shocked to see that this color turned my hair black on the ends and way too dark brown on the top . I tried using Prell and dish liquid to lighten it which helped a little , but I just hated the color.I got some Color Zapp and used just 1/2 the powder to lift this color out of my hair . I think the mistake was that the color does not have gold tones ... so no more of these shades for me !
 I have orange roots . I left the product in for the additional 10 minutes as directed on the box for covering grays . I wish I had rinsed it out after 30 and then maybe my hair would not be reddish brown on top . Before coloring , I had medium/dark brown hair with some grown out highlights and a few grays . Oddly , the roots of my hair , which have not been chemically treated , reacted the worst . The colorant had a brutal chemical odor and I was worried to have it rinsed all over me in the shower . Tomorrow I will be heading to walmart for some Clairol Natural Instincts semi-permanent hair color -LRB- brass free , lightest brown -RRB- to try to mask all of the brassiness I now have . Not a good experience to say the least !
 I love the color and have used it before but this product seems very dry on my lips so I have to mix it with lip moisturizer
 I ordered two Paul Dorf Lipsticks . They were awful , awful . Both were rancid . They were so old , neither lipstick went on smoothly . They went right back . Also , I did not receive credit for the postage to send them back . Another customer also wrote a similar review . This is the last time I purchase cosmetics from Amazon . Obviously , there is no way to check for Q/A .
 This went on cakey and tasted absolutely awful . It ca n't be returned because it has to be unused and I touched it to my lips once . I got it from Beauty Encounter , maybe it was old , or bad , other people seem to like the product . I 've never written a review , I buy a lot of cosmetics , but I had to write in case it keeps someone else from throwing $ 20 in the trash .
 I ordered two Paul Dorf Lipsticks . They were awful , awful . Both were rancid . They were so old , neither lipstick went on smoothly . They went right back . Also , I did not receive credit for the postage to send them back . Another customer also wrote a similar review . This is the last time I purchase cosmetics from Amazon . Obviously , there is no way to check for Q/A .
 This went on cakey and tasted absolutely awful . It ca n't be returned because it has to be unused and I touched it to my lips once . I got it from Beauty Encounter , maybe it was old , or bad , other people seem to like the product . I 've never written a review , I buy a lot of cosmetics , but I had to write in case it keeps someone else from throwing $ 20 in the trash .
 I love the color and have used it before but this product seems very dry on my lips so I have to mix it with lip moisturizer
 The moment I took the cellophane off the box , the strong , highly unpleasant smell `` attacked '' my nose and throat ! It is a chemical weapon , not a fragrance . What a waste of money !!! Absolute disappointment .
 I ordered this cuticle nipper after reading the great reviews . However , I am not impressed with the product . The only way it cuts is to do it with the very tip of the nipper . I really should have returned it because I have n't been using it ... $ 30 wasted !
 If you have ever had any sensitivity to fragrances like me , you tend to avoid chemical cleaners , which use fragrances in abundance . I use plant based cleaners in my house because I ca n't handle them . I purchased Arm & Hammer Pet Fresh for my carpet because I know that the company usually is fairly decent at putting products out there that people can safely use.I have no `` beef '' with Arm & Hammer . I actually called their medical emergency line and spoke with an employee , who was very polite and concerned , so he could document my case to warn other people that could potentially have a life threatening reaction as I did . I can still use their regular , non scented baking soda , which is an excellent product . I would recommend regular baking soda for getting rid of odors on your carpets if you are sensitive to fragrances or have asthma ... instead of Pet Fresh.It took a few days to figure out exactly why I was having difficulty breathing , then the feeling of someone sitting on your chest , then complete weakness , lethargy and such shallow breathing as to have no lung capacity . Eventually I stood up , which felt better than the weight of my own chest and realized that I could no longer take a breath . I could not inflate my lungs . I had such shallow breathing that I felt faint , and had feinted earlier in the day . At this point I went to the emergency room , where I was at from 1:30 am to 6 am , with no Health Insurance . I ca n't wait to get the bill ... If you are a normal person with no sensitivities , you will likely have no problems with this product . My fianc&eacute; had no reaction to it . I am simply putting this out there to warn anyone with any history of sensitivity to fragrances or even mild asthma . Do not use this product if you have children , pets , or anyone in your house that already has documented asthma or fragrance sensitivities , or seek the opinion of your doctor or veterinarian regarding putting this type of fragrance in all of the carpets in your home.If you are reading this and have had difficulty breathing and you have recently used this product go to Arm & Hammer 's website and contact their Medical Emergency line AFTER you have sought medical treatment . 1-888-234-1828 . If you feel weight on your chest , shallowness of breathing , dizziness or you feel you are losing consciousness , go to the Emergency Room , or call 911 . After you have sought medical treatment ... Keep the package long enough to have someone -LRB- NOT YOU-don ' t even touch the box -RRB- document the UPC code and lot number for Arm & Hammer 's research-then get it OUT of your house and have someone clean your carpet -- without fragrances or chemicals.I was prescribed a type of Prednisone , an inhaler and given an oxygen treatment . After taking the medicine , inhaler and having my fianc&eacute; clean all of my carpets -LRB- DO NOT DO THIS YOURSELF -RRB- and tossing the product I can finally breathe again . I could not sleep for two days during this episode because it felt like I would stop breathing in my sleep . I hope that this helps someone out there that can not figure out why they are having symptoms like this.The only reason we figured out it was this product , is that we had to determine what had changed in the environment of our home . This wound up being it . As it was several days later when the symptoms became their worst , and my lungs and bronchial tubes had gotten very swollen , it was n't as simple to come to the conclusion . I thought it might have been antibiotics I was taking ... but I had been on them for a week , and they are not making me react now.I used an inhaler about ten years ago , for some summer allergies and have not used it since , so I do not have an especially even notable case of past asthma . It would be logical to assume that anyone with documented asthma may have a similar or more severe reaction.I am not a medical professional , and the advice I am giving is purely from my own experience . Consult your own physician for medical advice.Be Well .
 i thought i could use them more than once . i was wrong . some fell apart while bending it to hold curl .
 I ordered this after falling in love with the body cream . I wish I had n't . It feels bad , taste bad and smells strong . Much like smelly lotion on your mouth . Not for me . The body cream is amazing , though . Try it !
 Some sort of an electric pre-shave lotion makes for a very nice shave . Therefore , when I saw this product , I tried it out . The liquid conditioner that is automatically applied with this shave has a very strong fragrance . -LRB- SO strong that it gave me a headache - How would YOU like it if someone chose a fragrance for you to wear , a fragrance that you did n't like ? :--LRB- -RRB- . If it were possible for me to replenish the conditioner cartridges with my very favorite `` Williams Lectric Shave , '' I would keep this shaver . However , Braun is trying to make a market for themselves in these cartridges and they are one-time use .
 These perm rods SUCK . The rubberbands on them are already stretched out , and they are overpriced . Just go to your local beauty store . Do not buy these POS perm rods !
 Very dry feeling , looks cakey . Made me look like I had wrinkles . HOWEVER , good coverage . But not exactly how described
 The last time -LRB- last year -RRB- I bought Time Balm At a store , it was $ 6.00 . I just paid $ 18.00 for same amount . I am looking for more reasonably priced substitute
 Do not waste your money on this product . The air that comes out from the machine is not strong enough to dry my nail polish quickly , so it takes 15 - 20 minutes for my nails to be completely dry . For the price that I paid I expected the machine to be the same quality as the machines that nail salons have .
 I am disappointed with this product.It is very cakey and do not cover blemishes more then my regular make up.It leaves streaks which looks really unattractive.I also find it hard to apply .
 doent cover goo at all to me very light coverage wont buy it again sorry to say good day . . bye
 I have yet to find a concealer that I am happy with . I have really dark under eye circles and this does camouflage them somewhat , but not how I had hoped . Instead of covering them , it seems to change their shade . Kind of like as if I were painting and rubbed white paint on a black spot , turning it grey . Get what I mean ? It also looks really CAKEY ! It could be because I have really dry skin , but not even with moisturizer + primer does it stop looking cakey.I 'm returning this for my money back . That 's primarily why I bought it here . I 'm going to try Eve Pearl 's salmon concealer in my shade , as well as Shiseido 's concealer . Hopefully I 'll find one I like .
 I had high hopes for this product and I was completely disappointed . If you like wearing makeup that looks very obvious , then this is your product . It was very cakey and did not cover anything unless is was piled on in multiple layers - which looks really attractive . Plus it always came squirting out of the tube without being squeezed . I ended up throwing it away in the garbage where it belonged .
 Summer time heat requires waterproof mascara . Waterproof mascara tends to require a remover . Removers should be gentle so that you do n't rub your eyes too much . Do not waste your money on this product . I 've had better luck using Vaseline !
 I would have loved to try this product . UPS left the box outside and the dog got it ... so I never got to try it.He must have liked it because its the only product he chewed up .
 I ordered this soap per my physician 's recommendation and I love the product , but this is FALSE advertisement . The order was delivered with 1 bar of soap , not a package of 6 as described . I am extremely disappointed because I thought I had found a really great deal and have not been able to locate this soap in local stores . I will not use this vendor again .
 I did a roller set with this product yesterday , trying it for the first time at I simple HATE IT , made my hair hard to comb , crunchy ugly stiff fake looking curls , a MUCH better product is B&B FOAM WRAPPING lotion which I use all the time but this particular store didnt have it and I tried this instead . What a mistake , I will stay with B&B which ALL of my sets have turned out beautiful , touchable , pretty soft curls without that ugly fake stiffness . I dont know why these companies think that is what black hair should be like , HELLO I know I would rather have touchable hair without that stiffness and fakeness ... do yourself a favor and do not buy this product , if you like that ugly , crunchy , stiff hair with no movement , then this is the product for you !
 color is way too black , not mixed wel in container , messy , discolors fabrics , do n't recommend this except for possible halloween contume product ,
 I bought Dark Brown color cause my hair is dark brown , but when I sprayed it on my scalp , it was more reddish than I expected , more like Dark Auburn than dark Brown . It covers a bit and it does hide the balding area by making the hair around thicker , but I hated the smell ... It smells like cheap lotion , those with very strong scent !! Therefore , I will return this product .
 I bought this for my husband because he wanted it . It is terrible . He put it in the morning and after he took a nap in the afternoon there was black color all over my sheets which I had to throw because Clorox could not clean them . Also , the bathroom had black spots too , everything that he came in contact with was black !!! The product itself on the hair is not that bad but again when you put it on in order look natural you have to put it all over your hair , but it gets on your face or years etc and you can not clean it anymore -LRB- after 30 seconds from application -RRB- . We use it once and throw it in the garbage with the sheets . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought the stuff for a 40th birthday joke , but if someone really thought that it would help hide their thinning hair they would be mistaken , the crap is the same color as pale skin making you appear even more bald . The seller was not cooperative when I wated to get a refund . AMAZON stepped in and made the refund , I will buy on AMAZON again but not this crap , and not from that vendor .
 I bought the brown/blonde color , but when I spayed it on , it came out WHITE so that my thin spot looked thinner than ever . Can not use it at all -- it is terrible !!!!!!
 If you plan on using this it will embarras you.when you sweat it drips dwn ur face.if u sleep in it u mess up ur bed shts .
 Its ok I tried using it , it covers bald spots and also gets on everything in the room . So I guess if you want to clean up the whole bathroom after use this is for you .
 This product did not spray `` blonde '' as it stated . The color it sprayed was like a whitish-brown ! I was VERY disappointed when I got it & immediately returned it . I have ordered the Brown shade and that one is really good .
 This is lidocaine and it burns when it is applied . I was looking for pain relief . OTC lanacaine from the drugstore worked better .
 This cream did not work at all so it was a complete rip off for $ 30 . I would not recomend it . I used it for laser hair removal , put it on 30 minutes before , absolutely no difference . My hair removal clinic gave me something 10x better to use .
 Please note that this review is solely based on this product 's effectiveness for electrolysis procedures only.I bought this product for electrolysis based on the excellent reviews , but it proved to be very ineffective . I would put two layers on approx . 30-40 mins before the procedure and saran wrap it . For the eyebrows , I honestly thought that it took away 10-15 % of the pain at best . Same goes with the other parts of the body . And unfortunately , 10-15 % is definitely not worth the high cost of this product . However , it does work fairly well for the upper lip , so if I were to base this review solely on electrolysis of the lip , I would give it 3.5 stars.If you 're looking for a good numbing cream for electrolysis , I suggest Emla -- the brand name . You have to get a prescription from your doctor to get it but it works better than this .
 I gave this product one star because I could n't leave it at zero . I ordered this product on Nov. 16 it was to be shipped Nov. 22 . I bought this product for a christmas present . It is now Dec. 8 and I still have not received my product and I emailed the Store asking when it would be shipped that I needed it before Christmas and have not got a return email . Will never buy product from this company again ! I 'm still waiting to find out if they are gon na ship it or not !!
 I bought the brown/blonde color , but when I spayed it on , it came out WHITE so that my thin spot looked thinner than ever . Can not use it at all -- it is terrible !!!!!!
 If you plan on using this it will embarras you.when you sweat it drips dwn ur face.if u sleep in it u mess up ur bed shts .
 Its ok I tried using it , it covers bald spots and also gets on everything in the room . So I guess if you want to clean up the whole bathroom after use this is for you .
 This product did not spray `` blonde '' as it stated . The color it sprayed was like a whitish-brown ! I was VERY disappointed when I got it & immediately returned it . I have ordered the Brown shade and that one is really good .
 color is way too black , not mixed wel in container , messy , discolors fabrics , do n't recommend this except for possible halloween contume product ,
 I bought Dark Brown color cause my hair is dark brown , but when I sprayed it on my scalp , it was more reddish than I expected , more like Dark Auburn than dark Brown . It covers a bit and it does hide the balding area by making the hair around thicker , but I hated the smell ... It smells like cheap lotion , those with very strong scent !! Therefore , I will return this product .
 I bought this for my husband because he wanted it . It is terrible . He put it in the morning and after he took a nap in the afternoon there was black color all over my sheets which I had to throw because Clorox could not clean them . Also , the bathroom had black spots too , everything that he came in contact with was black !!! The product itself on the hair is not that bad but again when you put it on in order look natural you have to put it all over your hair , but it gets on your face or years etc and you can not clean it anymore -LRB- after 30 seconds from application -RRB- . We use it once and throw it in the garbage with the sheets . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought the stuff for a 40th birthday joke , but if someone really thought that it would help hide their thinning hair they would be mistaken , the crap is the same color as pale skin making you appear even more bald . The seller was not cooperative when I wated to get a refund . AMAZON stepped in and made the refund , I will buy on AMAZON again but not this crap , and not from that vendor .
 The masseuse at the local spa slathered this product on me today , marveling about how great it makes your skin feel . Exiting the spa into 100 degree temperatures , I felt like I 'd been dipped in vegetable oil , ready for the barbeque . I had to wipe off my hands onto paper towels before I could keep a grip on my car 's steering wheel , and the leather handles of my new purse became stained . I kept trying to rub it in , but had no success.Two hours after leaving the spa , I was at home reading a magazine in the a/c and when I closed the magazine , I discovered the tops of my thighs were black with ink transferred from the cover . At three hours , I took a shower and used lots of soap to wash it off.I 'm glad I did n't fall for the sales pitch at the spa -- I would never recommend this greasy product . 0 stars .
 I did not know this product would be so dark . I though natural was lighter . But this definitely should have been labeled as dark not natural .
 Product was ordered June 7th . It is now June 25th and still have not received product .
 This product is ineffective at covering stretch marks AND I brought 2 different colors attempting to mix them to match my own complexion . Too cakey and when you put it on , it 's obviously makeup . Although it is waterproof -LRB- for sure -RRB- , most definitely not worth the price I paid . What a waste for and please invest in some waterproof foundation instead before buying this crap .
 Very thick , sticky and comes off on clothing . I should not have purchased it . I would not purchase it again .
 The color shades in website are identical to the real products.Can ' t cover scars and causes fine lines.Have to throw it away .
 This company is using false advertising when they say that it will cover tattoos . Of course , I 'm always skeptical when a product makes that claim , but after reading so many positive reviews and visiting their website , I decided to give it a try . I should have saved my money ! This product does NOT cover tattoos . At best , it makes the area look orange-brown and people ask you what you did to yourself ! I put several layers on and I could still see the tattoo . Plus , even after setting it , the product did not blend with the surrounding skin , and was messy . It rubbed off onto my clothing , and was very difficult to wash off of my skin . I even tried going to a department store that sells Dermablend to get a custom application . They told me that it was n't meant to cover any tattoos with black or green ink - which is just about every tattoo . They tried to cover mine -LRB- which has many colors -RRB- , with no luck - and this was a professional ! She told me that I 'd be better off not trying to cover the tattoo , since adding more layer of Dermablend was only going to make it look worse , and I agree ! What a rip-off !
 Bought this product to cover up a tattoo . It 's no good , too liquid . For a really full coverage I recommend the full cover cream from the same brand .
 My issues are not with the product itself but with the company Beauty bridge which did not deliver the product . I have spent a month trying to work out why I have not yet recieved the item -LRB- s -RRB- I purchased . Beauty Bridge has not been helpful at all . Additionally , I have been shopping with Amazon for nearly 5 years , and have never experienced this problem . I had to go into a store and purchase the product a second time and at addtional cost . The product is effective I only wished Amazon had a more reputable dealer selling the product than beauty bridge . Buyers beware !!!!!
 I 've been researching this product trying to decide whether or not to buy it when I came across this site listing all the reviews . I looked and saw that one review was stellar , making the product sounds incredible , while others canned it as a waste of time and money.The reviews were so far apart I decided to click on the link `` read my reviews '' placed next to the screen name of each person . I clicked on the link for the most positive review and found the list of other products this person also reviewed . Now here 's where it pays to dig a little deeper !!! All the product reviews this person wrote were not only positive but over the top ! She/he must be getting paid ! All the products got rave reviews ! Full Stars !! You 'd be an idiot not to buy this amazing product !!! Obviously this was not a sincere review but possibly the inventor/owner/cousin to the owner writing up their own glowing review.DON ' T BE FOOLED !!! I also followed up with the worst remarks and found other product reviews from them . Some only had this one review . Others had several and the products all had different remarks and different star ratings . HMM ... . Obviously these were real reviews based on actual product experience.As a result , I 'm not buying the product . I do n't have extra money to waste . And to all those out there , let this be a lesson . Follow up the reviews and make sure they 're the real deal !
 Before buying this product I tried to research it as much as possible . I read the reviews on here which were mostly negative looked on YouTube which was a little better also googled it . The problem that I seen most people having was with matching the product with their skin tone . A lot of people said it was too dark though the product worked well was dark and had a clay look to it . Knowing all this I decided to give it a shot anyway but I told myself I would get a lighter shade . Ok I ordered the product the shipping was very quick which was nice . I put the product on my skin and looky looky it was too dark ! I bought it lighter than me and it still was too dark . It had a reddish tint to it and my skin is a medium brown plus I tried to take it off and did not come off for the life of me even after I scrubbed it . My opinion of this product is that it works oh yeah it certainly worked BUT the color was all wrong unless you do n't mind having two toned colored skin by all means knock yourself out but that defeats the whole purpose of buying the product ! Do n't make the mistake of buying this like I did .
 I received my order and was very dissapointed . The skin tones online are deceiving . I ordered the medium and it appears like clay and ashy . Does n't blend well with skin . Suggest you order a darker color to match your skin tone .
 Dermablend Leg and Body Cover reminds me alot of mud . You know how you get mud on your shoes and it is dark at first but then dries to look alot lighter and flakes off ? That 's a very accurate comparison to this product . It sets to a very chalky , dry , finish which appears flaky and has a pasty , corpse like gray tinge to it . It is creepy looking ! Even with all of the colors that are available it still looks unnatural and ashy when dry.The only way I was able to use it was to cover my tattoo with the product and then disguise the hideously fake makeup under a pair of thick , shimmery dance tights !! You could n't pull it off with just the makeup on your bare skin though.It would be great if you want to dress up like a mummy or decaying corpse for Halloween though .
 This item was fine when it came to pictures ; tattoos were not visible on film for the first part of our wedding . However I was told by a few of the guests that it looked like I had been in a fight before the wedding ... make-up should not look like bruises!The make-up also started to fade not long after the ceremony ended , and it was a short ceremony . By the end of the reception -LRB- four hours later -RRB- you could clearly see the tattoos.Also , I was told that the make-up would not rub off onto clothing if I used the special setting powder together with the cream ... Not true . I now have make-up stains on one of my brides maids dresses.I realize now that I should have just let the tattoos show . Why have a tattoo if you 're not willing to show it off ?
 It was clumpy and the color was off and I really was not impressed at all with this product . Went back to the powders , it looks more natural . This makes you look like you put mascara on your eyebrows !!!
 I do love the smell , but have no idea why it did not work no matter how hard I pressed the sprayer !!!!! And yea ... I just broke the bottle ...
 It has some type of plastic coating on the sprayer . tried to loosen the plastic and broke the bottle . No more smell good .
 I like this . I have been using it for several years . Only comment I have is I do n't use the spray to spray it on.I put a little bit in the palms of my hands , rub them together , and then massage it into my roots/scalp . Worksbetter than spraying it -LRB- I think -RRB- .
 I 've used this product for many yrs and loved how easily it glides on and stays on all day . But , they must have changed the formula -LRB- or I just received a bad one -RRB- , now the cake wo n't absorb the water as it should and makes it almost impossible to get it liquid enough to brush on your eyelids
 Like other reviewers , I am dismayed that some of my favorite cake eyeliners have been discontinued . However , I was encouraged by the many positive reviews I read about this product , so I ordered it from Amazon.I found it to be difficult to mix with water to get the right consistency . It also does n't have good staying power ; if I apply it on my lower lash line it `` melts '' down into my undereye area , making me look sick and/or like I have n't slept in days.Then I noticed that one of the main ingredients is talc . Talc has been called a carcinogen by many groups due to its similarity to asbestos , but it seems controversial . It is indeed in many products but that does n't mean it 's safe . The cosmetics industry is not as thoroughly regulated as foods and drugs.All in all , my experiment with this product was a flop .
 Do n't waste your time or money on this product . Your brush will soak up this cake eyeliner like a sponge . Did n't stay on and flaked like crazy . Always remember `` you get what you pay for '' , and this eyeliner is a perfect example . Did n't even come close to the quality and application of the now discontinued Maybelline and Mary Kay eyeliners . Great customer service , however .
 The product is so porous , it simply wo n't apply really black . -LRB- Mary Kay used to offer an excellent cake eyeliner , but it 's no longer available . I 'm trying to find a replacement . -RRB- The packaging of the Fran Wilson liner is nice - that 's why I gave it one star - but the plastic cover on the application brush WOULD NOT come off ! I tugged and tugged , and pulled the bristles from the handle . Then I tried cutting it off . Finally , I threw the brush -LRB- which is teeny-weeny , anyway -RRB- in the garbage.Huge disappointment .
 Ca n't understand how people rate this product so high . I bought it according to good reviews . Was a big disappointment . I could n't get much color no matter how many times I applied . All I got was a little pigment but it came off in couple hours . I will not recommend it to anyone .
 WHen my eyes watered it came right off . no staying power at all . Went on easily but I will not wear it again
 First let me say the spray itself was fine.How ever ... When it was delivered the box was wet and it had a strong scent , turns out the bottle had leaked all over the box!I thought it was the mail service at fault at first but on opening the box I was shocked ! 1 . The box for the spray itself was already opened . -LRB- previously used maybe ? -RRB- 2 . The cap for for the bottle was no where to be found .3 . There was no packaging . -LRB- it was free to bounce around spilling all over the place . -RRB- 4 . Only about half of the bottle of perfume made it to my house .5 . Lastly because you ca n't return flammable items in the mail ?? -LRB- so I was told -RRB- I 'm stuck with it and out 44.00 dollars.I 'm really disappointed with amazon at the moment.I 've been very loyal to them and I think they should treat their customer 's right .
 I ordered Ralph Rocks which has been my favorite for many years . When I got it I opened it up and right away I noticed a different cap on it . When I sprayed the perfume I know right away that it was not Ralph Rocks . They put a different perfume in the Rocks bottle . I am very upset . DO NOT ORDER from this company !!!!!
 I received this product and it had leaked and was only 3/4 full . I sent an e mail but have heard no reply : -LRB-
 I had shampoo leak while in this bag . It soaked one side of the bag , and the red dye on the bag leaked through onto my clothes . We were on a trip and we had to buy replacement clothes . When we got home we soaked the garments for almost two days and the red dye finally disappeared . I of course , stopped using the bag
 I had heard that hydroquinone was pretty good for fading both scars and red spots from acne . Porcelana was a suggested product so I bought it . I started using it at night and a few days later I started to break out really bad . Now granted , I break out from a lot of things , but this is only the second moisturizer I 've ever broken out from . I stopped for a couple days and it started to clear up -LRB- I use Proactiv -RRB- . I started using Porcelana again ... and started breaking out again . So I 'm finally stopping and pretty much see it as a waste of $ 13 -LRB- after shipping -RRB- . It 's very thick and heavy , so I 'm not surprised it was somehow clogging my pores . It normally takes 3 months to see any signs of improvement , but for me it is n't worth breaking out when I 'm using the product to try to get rid of acne scars ... and all it 's doing is causing more .
 I did n't notice any improvement at all on my hyperpigmentation spots , but i did noticed how it clogged my pores .
 Porcelana DOES lightening acne scars , BUT it made me break out . So what was the point?I have skin that can tolerate most skin products , no matter how harsh or gentle . It also smells nice .
 This product did not work for me . I used it every night for months and my dark spot never faded . After a while my skin got extremely sensitive from this product so I have since stopped using it .
 In searching for a product to lighten dark spots caused by sun damage I found this and almost purchased . But , I like to know what I am putting on my face so I search the main ingredient . This product is banned for use in Europe which should tell us something . It 's up to each individual to keep themselves informed and safe . See below paragraphs taken from wikipedia . I suggest reading the website campaign for safe cosmetics and educating yourself before buying this product . `` In 2006 , the United States Food and Drug Administration revoked its previous approval of hydroquinone and proposed a ban on all over-the-counter preparations . -LSB- 4 -RSB- The FDA stated that hydroquinone can not be ruled out as a potential carcinogen . This conclusion was reached based on the extent of absorption in humans and the incidence of neoplasms in rats in several studies where adult rats were found to have increased rates of tumours , including thyroid follicular cell hyperplasias , anisokaryosis , mononuclear cell leukemia , hepatocellular adenomas and renal tubule cell adenomas . The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics has also highlighted concerns . -LSB- 5 -RSB- Numerous studies have revealed that hydroquinone can cause exogenous ochronosis , a disfiguring disease in which blue-black pigments are deposited onto the skin , if taken orally ; however , skin preparations containing the ingredient are administered topically . The FDA has classified hydroquinone currently as a safe product , as currently used . -LSB- 4 -RSB- -LSB- 6 -RSB- ''
 All , Please be careful and test this product on a portion of your face that you do n't care about . My wife tried this cream and it caused her to break out almost immediately . Luckily , no additional scarring occured from the zit . I would not recommend this product to others . It was worth a try . I am going to try the Papaya Kojic acid soaps next .
 I received the product very promptly , and it was just as described , brand new , unopened , etc. . Unfortunately I have very sensitive skin and eyes , so the hydroquinone ingredient that is the main thing that lightens the skin is the one thing that irritates mine . So I was forced to discontinue its use shortly after receiving it , therefore I am not qualified to comment on its effectiveness . The one thing good that came out of this experience is that I now know I ca n't buy anything with hydroquinone in it . So if you do n't have sensitive skin like mine it may be worth a try .
 This was fairly ineffective . I applied this as prescribed . Saw no results and ended up throwing out the bottle.Be happy with your skin or skin tone .
 its so hard to work with spreading it out and rubbing into he skin , you have to pull and tug
 Unfortunately , I have no idea how effective Porcelana is in fading dark spots because I ca n't stand the smell.I put it on my hands and face and the odor was so unpleasant it gave me an instant headache . I thought the smell might fade with time -LRB- like my age spots , I hoped -RRB- but half an hour later , I gave up and scrubbed the stuff off . Even now , an hour later , soap-scrubbed and my favorite Dr. Hauschka rose cream applied , the scent of Porcelana is seeping through and making me faintly ill.Too bad , because the price is right . Tomorrow I 'm trying Esoterica -- not a bad price either -- to see if I can stand the smell of it , or if it 's simply the Hydroquinone ingredient that is the curse . We shall see.UPDATE
 This product goes on like paste and does not absorb into your skin . It is slightly more acceptable if you mix it with your favorite moisturizer but it absolutely SUCKS .
 So , I decided to try this product to lighten some minor skin discoloration that I had due to past acne . After only a few days my skin looked much more even and bright -- Having struggled with my skin for years , it was a relief to see the scars fading.So why the 2 star review?Despite the fact that this product is effective , it has a number of health concerns that need to be mentioned . . The active ingredient , hydroquinone -LRB- 2 % -RRB- is banned nearly everywhere besides the United States . The FDA proposed a ban it in 2006 but due to effective lobbying by the American Academy of Dermatology , this effort was abandoned . Despite the numerous health risks , Hydroquinone is the best known topical skin lightener -- as such , most dermatologists are unwilling to discontinue it 's use . However , the FDA is still uncertain of it 's safety and has been actively pushing a proposal to conduct specific studies of hydrouinone 's effects since 2009 . Furthermore , this cream lists methylparaben and propylparaben among it 's ingredients . Parabens are synthetic chemical additives that are used as preservatives in foods and cosmetics . The safety of these chemicals have been questioned since they were linked to breast cancer studies.I 've just been researching these topics for the past day so I 'm not going to pretend to be an expert on the exact health implications . . Honestly , a lot of the concerns seem uncertain and under - researched . However , I feel as though these are very important facts to consider when deciding whether or not to purchase this product . Personally , I like to know if something is a highly - suspected carcinogen that 's banned in most nations before I smear it all over my face and praise it 's creation . Unfortunately , I had to fall in love with it before I delved into the ingredients list.So , in short ... yes , this product works well.But is it a risk worth making ? That 's up to you . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I will not recommended this product to anyone.This product make my hair so dry and fuzzy.Since I start using this hairdryer my hair is falling.Iam really very disappointed.I hope I can returned this product and get my money back .
 I was not as happy as I wanted to be about this product . I finally decided to spend the money on a good , quality hair dryer and this one was just disappointing . It is heavy and only has two speeds ... barely blowing and blow your head off ! There are no attachments either !
 I decided to try a Supersolano , have had an Elchim for 8 years . Bought the Solano on March 5th 2011 , it broke this past January ... not even a year of use ! It 's also big and loud . Save your money.BTW , I have short hair , so it did n't have that much use !
 Bought this JANUARY 2012 . It is April 3 , 2012 and it no longer turns on . When it did work , I liked it very much . Am returning it to manufacturer .
 I had really high hopes for this hairdryer , but it really did n't work for me . I have long , very thick straight hair that is about five inches past my shoulders . It takes me about 15-20 minutes to blow dry with my Wigo hairdryer , so I was hoping to cut that time down by investing in a nicer hairdryer . While this one is pretty powerful -LRB- the airflow is very strong -RRB- , it left my hair very tangled and difficult to brush . Even after brushing my hair the entire time I was drying it , I still could barely get my brush through my hair after drying with this hairdryer . The `` hot '' setting on it is also just sort of warm-ish . I do n't want my hairdryer to be ridiculously hot , but I need more heat than this one offers to dry my hair within a reasonable amount of time . It still took me about 15-20 minutes to dry my hair completely with this dryer . It also did not reduce frizz as advertised.The dryer does have a nice , sturdy cord that looks as though it 's resistant to curling up and tangling -LRB- a nice feature -RRB- . It 's a little heavy , but that does n't really bother me .
 It came Broken in a box ... it look like the motor was stock , and it was brand new . . I returned It and Got my money back .
 I was disappointed with this product . I have been using a hairdryer to blow out my hair for over 10 years and I have never come across a dryer that damaged my hair as much as the SuperSolano did . After using this dryer my hair was left brittle and frizzy -LRB- and I happen to have healthy hair -RRB- . Needless to say , I returned it .
 I bought this dryer based on reviews , but ended up returning it . It did n't get very hot and it 's really heavy .
 Well this fragrance has one thing going for it -- it 's strong , very strong . 2 sprays of this should be sufficient enough.On the flipside , I do n't see why anyone would wan na wear this though . The scent is really invasive and overpowering . It 's not easy on your nose and the only time I could ever find a use for this kind of scent is if you want to passive-aggressively disturb everyone in your environment.If you really wan na try Clinique , try their other cologne -- Clinique Happy For Men .
 Not very good at all . Very bland and plain , I do not have the language skills to break it down into scientific term on why this cologne does not work for me . I am not picky or have high standards but this was a huge dispointment . Gave it too my friend and he does not like it either . His words were as mine . . does nothing for me .
 My Mother wore this scent forever . Mother has been gone for 35 yrs now , and I have searched and searched for the perfume she wore . My delight turned to disappointment , upon receiving the Shocking I ordered.It had the most awlful smell even in the bottle , not just on me .
 Unfortunately this product arrived & did not smell right . We 've had this scent before & know what it 's supposed to smell like . The good news is our money was immediately refunded . Thanks !
 I absolute love this cologne , but this one purchased by Amazon.com smells like a watered down version of D&G for men . The packaging looks legit , the box , the bottle , and the scent smells like a watered down version of this cologne , and it does n't linger like my husband 's old bottle that was purchased at a department store .
 I have used Dolce & Gabbana for many years . This does not have the same scent . It is definitely a knock off . I am so disappointed . What a waste of money .
 I received a watered down version of a cologne I have worn for years . This is the type of product and vendor that will ruin web shopping .
 I have been using D&G ; Pour Homme and have found it thoroughly disappointing . I like the fragrance . The top note of citrus , Bergamot and neuroline are pleasant but that is where the story ends . The Heart and the base note does not seem to exist . The perfume does not have a lasting power . After a couple of hours the fragrance is gone , at least for me . I was expecting a lot more from this perfume in terms of its staying power . Where are the sandalwood , tonka bean base notes ? Did they forget to add it to the batch that I purchased ?? Do n't know.Hence giving it a two star .
 Buyer Beware
 The bottle broken and the liquid is pouredI want to returnI dislike this productI can not use because it arrived brokenwet Box
 I bought this as a gift for my husband . Upon wearing it we noticed that it had a musk smell instead of the fresh scent it normally has . I do not recommend this seller .
 I really wanted this perfume for a long time , my girl friend gave me as a present.But i was very disappointed with this because it lacks longetivity and i dont quite like the way it smells ... definitely not for me ...
 What I got was a small vial . The type you get in a department store sample . The picture is misleading , and not what you get . I paid for a sample . Do you want to also pay for a sample ???
 Beauty is in the eye of the beholder , and the nose.Every time I wear this my wife and son complain . Too strong . Acrid . Bug spray
 I can remember the smell of my pre-school classroom , Mrs Bell ... the school yard aid -LRB- moth balls . . lol -RRB- and the thick colored wooden blocks -LRB- carmel/sweet -RRB- I would chew on when I was just 3 years old . Humans never forget a scent . I remember the smell my grandmothers purse , my sisters hair oil , burning fireworks , black shoe polish , Ajax , inside an M-16 A2 and even death.I do not know what is inside this bottle.I have never smelled it before . No memory comes to mind except ; of a little girl who rang my door bell , selling knock-off cologne . She only need to squirt a sample in the air for me to decline . Smelled like fresh scented roach spray or something .
 My husband has thinning hair in the front and so we decided to try Folicure 's formula to regrow some of that lost hair . He followed the directions on the bottles and used it daily for 2 months . Well , after close examination , we determined that this product has had no discernible effect on his hair and scalp . No thicker look and no new hair growth.Perhaps this is n't designed for regrowing lost hair , though that was what we were lead to believe . Perhaps we needed to use other Folicure products to have the full effect ? Either way , we 've given up on this stuff now.Just FYI
 I have lots of blemishes on my skin , so I was hoping that this would work for me . However , it caused allergic reactions after just one application . Now my skin feels rough with many red breakouts and is quite irritated . Following the product manual , I stopped immediately and am planning to return it.I am not saying that it does n't work at all , but it does n't work for me . Maybe I will just have to live with my blemishes , :--LRB- .
 I bought this as a gift , the only thing is the bottle was scratched and the box was beaten up from shipping , but all in all it was fine .
 Do not order this product from Amazon . I first ordered it about 3 months ago and when I received it the product was dried up and the packaging was opened and dusty -LRB- as if it had been in a storage shed for years -RRB- . I sent that package back and they sent me a replacement which had the same problem . I spoke to a rep. at Amazon and they said they must have had a bad shipment so they will have someone look into it and I should wait a while before ordering again . I waited 3 months , ordered the product and when I received it , the packaging was opened , dusty , the lids were off the jars and the creams were melted and spilling out ! Worst than the first two times I ordered ! When I called back they did n't have any notes about looking into the previous problem . I normally would n't be so crazy about the appearance of the product but they are chemicals that you are putting on your face and I did not want to chance putting an old , half melted , dried up product on my skin !
 I am a big fan of the PCA line , it has been the only thing to work on my adult acne -LRB- mainly the A & c serum , BPO cleanser and nutrient toner -RRB- . However , I have been using this product for over a month and I do not see any change on the lines under my eyes . I am so used to having fast results with their products that I expected to see some kind of change after the first month . What I can say about this product is that as small as it is I still have A LOT left , PCA products can be expensive but they do last a long time . I will write another review on my third or fourth month .
 I recently was on a cruise ship where they used this product on me . The product they used was in a tube and seemed to work immediately !! When I tried to purchase on the ship , they were out , but gave me all the information I would need to find it online and purchase it . From what I can tell the ship must have a stronger product that actually works ! This is very watery and DOES NOT give the same results as the trial on ship . I used the one on the ship 3 times and all results were the same . I have used the one I have for 2 weeks and NOTHING about it is close to being the same .
 I have used this product consistently for the past 4 months ... but my darkened knees still look the same ... I would not recommend anyone to buy this product .
 This cream was one of the highly recommended and most acceptable price value on amazon.com , but I did not find it affective at all . I followed the directions and all , but I guess some things are just too good to be true . .
 I bought this product in hope of getting ride of my black knees . The container is almost gone and I have not seen a single improvement . Every day I try to convince myself that my keens are getting lighter but in fact they are not . The product is not expensive but I still wasted my money .
 I have been using this product for the last two weeks and have n't notice any difference in my elbows . So , I went to using the product three days a week and my elbows are still not any lighter . I was very disappointed in the product and it does not work like other comments led me to believe .
 This does n't work at all . I already been using this product for 2 months , and nothing . I bought it for $ 6 and saw it at a store for 3.49 .
 Like others have mentioned , I 've used it consistently and saw absolutely no difference . Do n't waste your money ; it 's completely useless .
 Sorry , this product is totally a SCAM . its a SCAM , does n't work and unfortunately people keep buying it because is comes up first when googling this type item . Please don NOT waste your money ! I will be getting a refund .
 I could have done just as well at my local drug store . I had hoped to receive a product that would curl my extremely curl-resistant lashes . No luck with these .
 I love Aveda , but I do not love this particular product . . I think they need to go back to the drawing board on this one . My hair was sticky all day . . it felt horrible and left a gross residue on my hands . I would not recommend this product unless you really like the greasy dirty look
 Item needs to be corrected by Amazon or store . . Item says ` Free Shipping ' , however it costs 4.94 with the lowest method selected
 Have been a user of many Shiseido products for many years . It is an excellent product but I will NEVER buy this product online again . Why ? The contents of the bottle was only a quarter full . It lasted only one month when it should have been good for at least 3-4 months .
 The first time I bought this was when I was on a cruise ship . I was n't sure if it was doing anything , but I figured I 'd try one more package . The capsules I received must be old , because the liquid inside for every one of them has little white clumps of hardened matter in them . So ... no noticeable improvement , quality control not great , I would n't waste my money on this again .
 Similar to the other reviewer , this product makes the skin on my chin breakout -LRB- and on my neck if I accidently get some on my neck -RRB- . Perhaps it is better for folks with dry skin . -LRB- I have normal skin . -RRB- It does smell very nice -LRB- both the day and night capsules -RRB- and makes my face feel smooth , but I wo n't buy more because of the breakouts .
 I tried the product 2 times and it did nothing . I have white hair . I thought it would easily take to the blond rinse , as did my hairdresser , who recommended the product for a temporary blond look . I needed to be blonde for a part in a TV series . I tried the product twice and my hair never turned blonde . I had to run out and get my hair professionally dyed in order to be blonde for my TV role . What a disappointment ! It says on the bottle that it covers gray . Well , it does not !!!
 Well I should have known better ? I bought this fragrance based on the hundreds of reviews on this products . Everyone said it was Lovely , soft etc. . And one of the best . So I thought I 'd try it ? Oops , never again will I do that ! This was one of the stinkiest fragrances that I have ever smelled ! It was a combination of bug spray and lighter fluid ! Thank God I sprayed it on while outdoors ! Not sure if this was a knock-off from the seller ? But in the trash it went !
 My girlfirend likes it a lot , the smell and the shape of the bottle .
 Liquid Satin has very little scent or moisture qualities . Thus , there is no reason to by this worthless product .
 I was really hoping for a lovely honey fragrance product but , alas , it did not happen . This lotion was semi-pricey and did not deliver . Too bad because I was really looking forward to it ...
 I was really hoping for a lovely honey fragrance product but , alas , it did not happen . This lotion was semi-pricey and did not deliver . Too bad because I was really looking forward to it ...
 I was really hoping for a lovely honey fragrance product but , alas , it did not happen . This lotion was semi-pricey and did not deliver . Too bad because I was really looking forward to it ...
 I thought if this scent had been around for awhile it might be strong but interesting . It is like no other scent . I would say it is a combo of two scents that ca n't be nailed down . This is not a comforting or enjoyable scent . I thought about giving it away but will use it at home and on lower body . This scent is pretty awful ... not worth the $ 20 spent .
 I was really hoping for a lovely honey fragrance product but , alas , it did not happen . This lotion was semi-pricey and did not deliver . Too bad because I was really looking forward to it ...
 I was really hoping for a lovely honey fragrance product but , alas , it did not happen . This lotion was semi-pricey and did not deliver . Too bad because I was really looking forward to it ...
 All I 'll say is that I like the product but will never order it from 911 again . I had to contact them two or three times asking them where is my product ? I have ordered items from Europe , Canada and China and received it faster than 911 and they are in the USA where I am .
 I think emu oil is potentially a replacement or addition for a good omega-3 source . I do not however recommended this particular product . It seems inferior . Avoid
 I was really hoping for a lovely honey fragrance product but , alas , it did not happen . This lotion was semi-pricey and did not deliver . Too bad because I was really looking forward to it ...
 I really thought this was going to stand up and be a great product for my husband whom always wants a clean back but it did not ; handle broke immediately .
 This thing was n't worth the money at all . I brought more than 1 and my brother broke the first time he used it . When I used mine I notied the stick part on the bottom felt strong but it did n't feel very strong where the actual sponge was and that 's where it broke at ... waste of money I will go to bath and body works and buy thiers from now on ...
 The Feng Shui Mesh Body Brush is not a good product . the plastic broke right where the mesh meets the handle , and the mesh is too fat .
 I was really hoping for a lovely honey fragrance product but , alas , it did not happen . This lotion was semi-pricey and did not deliver . Too bad because I was really looking forward to it ...
 This article arrived with NO lid , 2 weeks later than expected but luckily before Christmas , and the custom fees -LRB- US to Canada
 I bought this from the Creed Boutique to avoid fakes . Not impressed . It smells really strong for 30 minutes then dies down to boredom . I get WAY more compliments with cheap stuff like Chrome -LRB- lasts all day -RRB- and the relative cheaper L'eau d'Orange Verte -LRB- lasts 4 hours -RRB- . I wo n't buy this again .
 FAKE the item i recieved was very different from the picture and very different from the AUTHENTIC creeds i have at home . yes it smells the same but it only last about 30 min VERY disappointed i thought i was paying for an AUTHENTIC creed not a fake the box i got the crown isnt gold like the picture then it says its made with toliet water no where on my real creeds does it say that lol
 Be careful when ordering the Creed perfumes in the millesime size . they are not clearly labeled and I did not receive the one I wanted .
 The only thing impressive about this fragrance may be its price . Lovely when freshly applied but disappears into nothing . I prefer Bel-Ami , Equipage for winter and Signoricci , Eau de Rochas for Summer . The Vetiver from Creed is nice .
 I was really hoping for a lovely honey fragrance product but , alas , it did not happen . This lotion was semi-pricey and did not deliver . Too bad because I was really looking forward to it ...
 This is not the product it is supposed to be . The lotion has a weird smell to it , and it is supposed to be thick and creamy but it is thin and runny . I have ordered other Jason lotion from Amazon before with no trouble , but this order was TERRIBLE .
 I cant honestly tell you if this actually works or not . you spray it on and you do n't feel anything , not that you have to but there 's really no indication if its working or not . all it really is , is salt water , so i guess you could try your luck at making your own salt water solution before spending your money on this .
 I have been using this for a couple weeks now , and so far no miracles . It made me break out , badly , on my cheeks and chin but mainly my chin . It has n't calmed down yet on the chin area , even though I have stopped using the product . If you have sensitive skin , do n't use this product ! Otherwise , Mario Badescu is a lovely company with good customer service , try there other products , but skip this one !
 I have used this brand for years and years so I know how it is supposed to work . This bottle does not take eye makeup off ... it seems watered down . I do not recommend it .
 I received the product as promised . I have used this perfume for over 4 years and this recent purchase does not smell like perfume . It may not even be perfume . I am sending this product back . I will buy direct from the manufacturer . This should have zero stars .
 I was somewhat disappointed with these scissors , but what can you expect at that price ? The quality was so-so , the cutting action only fair . Time to upgrade to a better , more professional pair . I do n't think my hairdresser would use these scissors , the cutting action was off .
 Poor quality . Scissors too stiff and difficult to open and close . Finger holes too small for a man to use . Reported this to supplier - no response
 EWWW EWWW GET IT OFF GET IT OFF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMIGOD I loved Hugo so much I 've been anticipating this in the mail and bought the shower gel from a different source as well.This is just terrible . I 'm taking a shower . Look for my posting of this CHEAP ... I 've already taken a loss.I have reviewed many colognes , take a look at them . I like most of them !
 I used this for a few weeks when my full size broke . It stopped blowing hot air . Very disappointed , as the size and weight were perfect for travel . The smallest travel dryer I 've seen .
 The product fell apart on the 3rd day . Said fits most blow dryers the spring and rubber band both came out . You can not put them back inside on diffuser . I have an average size blow dryer not special .
 I bought this item because it says it is one size fits all . I travel alot and do not want to carry by big heavy hair dryer with me , especially since most lodging overseas provide hair dryers . This adaptor did not fit any of them -- even my own dryer .
 100ml of Camelia Oil can be obtained for $ 8.45 from japan woodworker -- this is the exact same stuff . I do n't have a problem with most of Elemis 's unique products , but I do n't see the point of paying $ 32 + extra for the same content.Camelia oil is also great for kitchen knives after sharpening , btw . I use it on plane blades . I guess I 'll have to start using my extra bottle on myself .
 Unfortunately this lipstick I believe it was very old . It does not smell fresh . I regret buying it . I wonder for how long the seller had it : -LRB-
 Dear pantene , Let me share with my fellow millions of internet shoppers my experience with your 2 in 1 `` moisture renewals '' . When I was in the united states , your 2 in 1 `` moisture renewal '' was soooo good it set the standard to me by which to judge the rest of the shampoos I will be using for the rest of my life
 this wasnt what i thought it would be for my hair . . it hasnt helped my scalp much ! i thought that it would help my skin but it didnt
 this wasnt what i thought it would be for my hair . . it hasnt helped my scalp much ! i thought that it would help my skin but it didnt
 first of all , the position of the inflation valve is in a very awkward spot which makes it very difficult to inflate . plus , since the valve is in that spot , you ca n't inflate it very much because your face get in the way . the other problem is the suction cups , which do n't come off so you ca n't remove the cover to wash it -LRB- the whole reason i bought this pillow -RRB- , and they do n't stick to the tub , so the pillow keeps floating off .
 Hi everyone . . just a note of caution . The marykay products on amazon are not sold by marykay . As a matter of fact , 90 % of them are RETURNS FROM CUSTOMERS . This means that the product has been USED , TOUCHED , and PLACED BACK IN ITS BOX to sell to YOU , the unaware buyer .
 This product and others are older editions of the TimeWise Miracle Set . I had a set that got old once and the cleanser became rancid with a not so pleasant odor . I 'm concerned that these containers were replaced far long ago . If outdated and someone has reaction , could be bad for the seller . I 'd take it off and what you sell needs to be in the containers shown . thanks .
 Like the other review - I am a Mary Kay Consultant and would highly recommend not buying them online . The best way to know you are definately getting the product you want would be to find a representative in your area . Returned items do not cost the representative anything , therefore selling used items at a high price is 100 % profit .
 The wrong item was sent to me . The item sent is useless to me . They want me to UPS it back to them before they send me the correct item . This means that I have to go out to a UPS store and send it . They should have sent the UPS to my house to pick it up with a tag . They should have sent out the right item no matter what . I paid for the item , I should receive the item I ordered . We are talking a 5.00 item . I am not happy with this merchant at all .
 It 's really my fault for not understanding what this product was , but I have to say that it 's quite a disappointment . I was expecting a `` scrub '' type facial cleanser , but it 's actually more like Noxzema cold cream with a little bit of sand added . There 's not enough grit for it to really be effective as an exfoliant . It does not lather or leave you with a `` clean '' feeling . In fact , looking at the ingredient list , the primary components are fats - and that 's about what it feels like . Good for lifting makeup , perhaps , but not what I 'd want for just cleaning my face .
 I did order several items from the VitaminShoppe on 5/30/06 . All but one item arrived promptly . The Weleda Lavender Oil 3 OZ . `` Availability
 I liked this scrub it left my skin clearer and smoother than most of the stuff I bought on Amazon to get rid of milia bumps and dry skin but I 'm a lil freaked out about the ingredients in it . I was thinking that most of it was natural . But this scrub has Stearic Acid and Aluminum Oxide in it like most non natural scrubs do - aluminum crystals -RRB- . Stearic acid causes cancer AT LOW LEVELS plus does damage to your nervous system , brain and can give you respiratory problems . They do n't say if the stearic acid comes from plant/coconut oil or animal fat . Because it does n't say ` from plant/coconut oil ' I 'm thinking it 's probably from animal fat . Plant / coconut oil is ok but stearic acid from animal fat is bad . Theres some other ingrediants in it like Silica and Phenoxyethanol that sound like they could be bad too but have n't looked them up yet.So even though I liked the scrub because of what it did for my face I 'm def not buying it again unless they give more info on the ingrediants . That 's why its getting 2 stars instead of 5 .
 This stuff feels like and smells like you 're rubbing crushed up Flintstones chewable vitamins on your face .
 when i read the reviews for this product i was excited . However , the product did absolutely nothing for me . It was a complete wasted effort .
 This product is ok . It has a nice smell , but I do n't see any difference in fine lines , dark spots , or skin softness . I think Neutrogena and Mary Kay sell a better product . Next time I will buy something else .
 I have always had great skin , hardly ever any breakouts or blemishes . When I was 28 , I became pregnant with my first child and suddenly I was like a 13 year old going through puberty . My skin was horribly broken out throughout my entire pregnancy . A few weeks after my daughter was born , I stopped getting new breakouts but I was left with terrible acne scars all over my face . I bought this product and used it twice a week for 4 or 5 months . There has been absolutely no change in my skin , I still have terrible scars . For me , this did not work at all .
 I loved this scrub the first time I used it . Nice fine crystals to polish the skin and left my face feeling super smooth . The second time I used it , I had some sort of allergic reaction and my face got hot/red/itchy . Needless to say I 've discontinued use ! You may have a better result though .
 Tried this product for 2 weeks ; it did improve the clarity and softness , but I found the product to be too scratchy and it did not rinse off well , seemed to have a sticky feel . Since then , I found a wonderful microdermabrasion product called Microdermx by Nikkel Holistic Skincare . This product performs like magic ; it is not too scratchy and I can do a whole microderm treatment and not end up feeling like I 've been slapped with a wire brush . I can do the treatment 2-3x 's a week , -LRB- like your supposed to -RRB- but I also use it each morning as a cleanser and everyday is better than the day before . It is a magical product.Bette Hampton , Chicago , IL
 I do n't like the feeling of my skin after using this product - I still feel like I have to rinse something off . And my cheap Japanese exfoliating cloth is better and more effective !
 I had initially used this product from the sample packs provided by my salon aesthetician . I had loved it then . Then I ordered the product from Amazon . And realised there is a big difference . The product in the sample packs was more granular which I wanted , while the one that I ordered was more creamy texture . I was very disappointed with the product .
 I find this product to be so very drying , ca n't figure that out . It smells nice - I 'm familiar with the healing properties of Aloe and yet this is not a god item for me . Since beginning useage I have had drier , tighter hands = yes I wash my hands a lot , but this is ridiculous . I prefer the clear rain .
 When trying to order this product - it never shows the ingredients . So I 'm expecting 100 % Sea Buckthorn oil right ? wrong ! Sesamum indicum -LRB- sesame -RRB- seed oil , Hippophae Rhamnoides Oil , Fragrance -LRB- Parfum -RRB- * , Limonene * , Linalool * , Benzyl Benzoate * , Benzyl Salicylate * , Ceraniol * , citral * , famesol * taken directly from the box !
 I bought this product hoping it would do miracles for my acne and keratosis . I had been using products containing lots of glycolic acid and was looking for something more gentle . After about a week , my face started to break out A LOT . My cheeks were covered in small bumps . My pores looked clogged and dirty . The keratosis on my arms seemed to look worse . Keep in mind , my skin is extremely stubborn and not many products work for me.This stuff does make a good cuticle oil .
 I put this on my shoulders , and next day my shoulders were all red with contact dermatitis . I must be allergic to something in the ingredients .
 Super expensive and really so no difference in this oil and other much less expensive oils . . I think its a bunch of hype and people are making a lot of money off peoples hunger for something that is a miracle , which do n't exist . Actually , I think bio oil works much better and about one-tenth of the price
 I bought the face water because the product does n't have a toner . Good to know that the product has no chemical . It has gentle scent that I like . Unfortunately , it 's not so comfortable to be used as a hydrating water cause the spray is too strong . It does n't come out fine and misty which I 'd expect and once you spray it , the water trickles down your face . I guess the best way is to spray it on your palm and pat it on your face.In terms of hydrating capability , I 'd say it 's just a temporary relief .
 Right out of the box there was already a small hole in the pillow so it does n't stay inflated . It would be great if it did n't leak .
 I bought this and put air in it , deflated within a minute . Tried again same thing , can not return as I no longer have the reciept . Can not even figure out why it is losing the air . So garbage it went . Wo n't buy again .
 This was smaller than anticipated . It lasted for 1 use then lost both air and suction . This is a very poorly made product . Do n't waste your money .
 My bath pillow started to slowly leak the first time I used it and the leak has gotten a little faster . Amazon asked if I wanted to let the manufacturer know about this a few weeks ago , so I did . Have n't heard a peep from them , and I still need a bath pillow -LRB- that holds air -RRB- !
 Pillow was all right but my color was out of stock . The seller claimed to have sent an em ail but I never received it . Had to call when order did not arrive .
 First of all , it took a very long time to arrive and was the incorrect color . It had mold spots all over it and the seller never responded to my issues . I sent to e-mails to ebubbles and neither was responded too . It was unbelievable , STAY AWAY FROM THIS SELLER !
 I bought 2 bath pillows . They each lasted one bath , then they no longer kept air in them . Worthless .
 I am extremely disappointed in this product . I ordered 2 pillows , and the first one only lasted a week . The second one has lasted about a month , but they both must have been defectively made , because they wo n't hold air . I will not order this product again . I plan to write to the manufacturer and hopefully get replacements or my money back .
 Within two weeks this bath pillow had a hole and leaked air . I tried patching but it did n't work . Save your money and buy something better .
 The valve to blow up the pillow with air came out before the pillow was entirely inflated . The valve was not secured in the pillow and would not seal so air leaked out immediately . If I would have known this would have happened , I would not have purchased the pillow .
 I have been ordering these for the last 2 years . Previously , I had no complaints . They would last a few months , get a leak , and I would replace it . I always ordered 5 at a time . In the last batch , 4 out of 5 pillows leaked THE FIRST TIME I used it , I emailed the manufacturer , but have heard nothing back . Save your money .
 I have had two of these pillows now , and after a few weeks they both started leaking . Air starts bubbling out of the pillow immediately after it is inflated , and it is completely empty within minutes .
 The first Spa Sister Cotton Terry Bath Pillow I purchased sprang a leak within two weeks . The retailer replaced it without charge . The replacement sprang another leak within one month . I 've purchased two other brand bath pillows . Both lasted for years . I can not recommend this item .
 I ordered two of these terry spa pillows , the first one lasted exactly 1/2 hour before it was completely flat . Does not hold air . The second one lasted not much longer and leaks . I will not purchase this product again .
 this would have been great , but a month of using it and the plug wo n't stay in to keep it inflated ! I have tried a bunch of mickey mouse things to stop it from popping out when i lean on it at all , but no luck . Now will need to buy a new one .
 Save yourself the disappointment and head to the mall or nearest department store in order to purchase the real deal . I 've bought this product many times before in person from upscale retailers . As such , I 'm very aware of what the real deal smells like . I was so happy when I received this product , only to be disappointed and upset by what I got . The product was not the real deal and smelled nothing like what the authentic Pi fragrance smells like . A few days later I went to the upscale dept store I normally go to and just repurchased the real stuff . There is no confusing the smell of the real deal , which lasts and smells luscious , compared to this fake pine-sol smelling 3rd world nonsense that you will get when you buy it online from an unknown source . STAY AWAY !!!
 It is not good product . Original one is amazing but this one smells bad , like fake one . Do not buy it here . Go to the store
 If you like cinnamon buns , then this cologne is for you . I remember it having a woody pine and slightly vanilla scent when I smelled it as a kid , so I decided to buy it online without sampling again . My girlfriend hates it . I have received no complements from girls about it , whereas with Carolina Harrera 212Carolina Herrera 212 By Carolina Herrera For Men . Eau De Toilette Spray 3.4-OuncesI was getting comments left and right . This stuff smells goofy and not very professional . I just think that it is forgettable and has too light of a scent . I am now dreading it and trying to use it as quickly as possible to buy a scent that is more youthful and sexy . I am 26 , by the way , and I am trying to impress young and sexy ladies , unlike other people on here that may be middle aged and do n't care as much . May sound superficial but this is a huge difference in taste.Moral of the story
 i have to spray like 3 to four times a day of this to feel it , the smell goes away after an 30 mins . . im so mad and you cann ' t return it so it sucks i should of went to the mall but guess im to lazy should of read the comments also 02/19/2012 .
 I was pretty strongly disappointed with this purchase . I bought it based on the marketing and I suppose that 's what I get.My first thought when trying it out the first time was that I smelled like I belonged in a movie about French Nobility in the 1800s . I asked a few of the women I know what they thought of it and it did n't get very good reviews from them . `` Powdery '' , `` You smell like twice your age '' , `` Smells like grandpa cologne '' . It 's relatively subtle , and not entirely unpleasant , but it 's not the sort of cologne I would wear out on a date or out on the town . I 'd really recommend finding a sample first to see if it 's the sort of thing you 'd like to wear .
 It would be cheaper to buy baby oil and put that on your skin for about the same smell that this cologne gives .
 im not satisfy with this cologne , , wish i could send it back ... not satisfy with this product not not satisfy for real
 I bought this after reading all the positive feedback . When I got it and put a little on I almost threw up it stunk so bad . I do n't know what was in my bottle but whatever it was I sure do not want anymore of it . Whatever it was stunk me up my shirt up my hand up and I tried to wash it off over and over again but the funk would not leave me alone . Have you ever been to the zoo and stood close to the monkey cage and you start to smell that funky musty pissy smell . Well it kind of smelled like that but worse . I think someone sold me monkey piss with a hint of monkey ass cheese . Sorry Pi By Givenchy For Men but I want to attract the laidies not a female orangutan . Bye bye monkey piss . Nothing against Pi Givenchy For Men I 'm sure it is a good product but I feel I was ripped off and sold a fake product .
 This product was sold & shipped by Amazon . Bottle box was tampered including barcode . EDT has no smell at all . I have taken few picutres of the box before ditching the entire bottle . Not even worth as a car air freshner . I will upload some of the images .
 Matrix Amplify Volumizing Shampoo and Conditioner Liter DuoI am the forth person to write a review and , unfortunately , I have to `` crush '' the previous three . For the past one and a half year I have been using the Biolage Volumatherephy Shampoo and Conditioner and was very well accepted by my hair . I have to mention that I have been working on Cruise Ships for over six years now and the Biolage Volumatherephy were the only products allowing me to think of growing my hair , again , after having it boy-like short for years . With each wash my hair felt happy , sleek and healthy , especially that I am also Brush-drying it after each wash.And here comes February 2012 when I am getting ready to order my regular product when I bump into the Matrix Amplify Volumizing Shampoo and Conditioner Liter duo and I think
 Basically , this dryer has three temperatures
 DO N'T but this hairdryer . I had mine for about a month when the retractable cord broke , button , spring and all ... and then this afternoon I was drying my hair when it suddenly turned off and fire shot out of the cord and melted the plastic coating and started smoking . It was EXTREMELY startling and a huge hazard . Now I am sitting here with wet hair and looking up similar stories ... Please dont buy this product !
 Bought this hairdryer a month ago and as we speak it is in a landfill somewhere . What a piece of junk . Just stopped working one day . Would ` nt turn on at all . To return it would be more of a hassle and expense than its worth and Conair knows this so they continue to produce inferior products knowing they wo n't get them back . The retractable cord worked when it felt like it . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 I have been a long time user and fan of the Conair Cord Keeper hairdryers . I use them until they just die . Recently Conair changed the look of this hairdryer and at first sight I thought that it felt much more flimsy than my previous Cord Keepers but did not give it much thought since I have always been very pleased with this hairdryer . The hairdryer lasted about 2 weeks before the folding handle cracked . When we opened up the handle we found that the plastic piece that makes the handle fold was cracked in half and did not appear repairable . I went out and purchased another Cord Keeper thinking that I just had a ` lemon ' , well the second one lasted exactly 3 months and 1 day . Today I pulled out the hairdryer , opened the handle and heard a crack . This handle is also broken which prevents the hairdryer from staying in the open position . The product does have a 2 yr warranty but you are required to ship the defective product to a Conair service center along with $ 3 for shipping and handling - this would cost me more than the hairdryer , just not worth my time to box it up and take it to the post office!That being said , when this hairdryer worked it was wonderful . The two speed settings are the perfect speeds , the hairdryer is extremely light and the handle is easy to grip . The retractable cord is the best feature of this hairdryer and along with the folding handle it is great for travel.I did write to Conair and their response will determine if I purchase another Conair hairdryer plus I will be back to update this review .
 I 've been through 2 of these hair dryers . The first one stopped working after a year . The second one 's cord twisted up and could not fully retract . For about a week it keep going on and off . This morning the cord sparked , smoked , and started to flame . I will not purchase this hair dryer again .
 I bought this dryer to replace my 10 year old conair , when it gets hot it would stop . Good thing I did n't throw it away . This cordkeeper only worked for about 4 months . It is also very LOUD ! ALmost hurt my ears to use it
 I have used three of these . The first two each lasted a year before shorting out . I kept buying them because I liked the cordkeeper function . This last one , though , shorted out and started a fire . I have notified the company and will see what happens . But I doubt that I will purchase another . It 's obvious that this product has an engineering or manufacturing flaw and should be pulled off the market .
 It was great out of the box . Nice strong dryer . It actually still does dry nicely . But , now the cord does n't wind up . and it has two broken buttons . It only can be put on and dry . It only gets used by my wife once a week or so . Ca n't change the drying power level . Of course we have it on the high level . A product with good ideas , but made poorly . I hate to say it , another product made in a foreign country that is made with inferior materials .
 It worked fine for 2 -3 weeks and then it would get about half way through blow drying my SHORT hair and it would just stop . I had to let it rest for 10 minutes and then it worked again . Gradually the time it worked got shorter and shorter and eventually it just stopped all together . Very frustrating . Go get a professional dryer . it might cost a bit more but it 'll work ! And probably for a long time !
 Since our bathroom cabinet is short on space , I loved the IDEA of this hair dryer ! Unfortunately , the idea was more a fantasy than a reality . I only had this hair dryer for about a month before the cord-keeper button fell out -LRB- spring and all ! -RRB- and the retractible cord stopped retracting . Since that was the only reason I bought this one over other models , I was sorely disappointed ! Also , this dryer is so L-O-U-D that I had to wear earplugs -LRB- no kidding ! -RRB- while drying my hair so that I would n't damage my hearing ! Hands down the WORST hair dryer on the market !
 I was really suprised with the poor quality of this hair dryer . Over the past many years , I have used the Conair brand . After just a few uses , the retractable cord stopped retracting and the COOL air button no longer popped back up , so I all I was able to do was dry my hair with cool air . Once I folded it up , a plastic part in the dryer broke and a spring fell out as well . I purchased a cheaper non folding , non retractable cord dryer and it works better than this more expensive model . Save your cash and do not buy this .
 I recently purchased this hair dryer and it is the loudest one I 've ever used . The volume combined with a high pitched whine is so bad I was plugging my ears to use it . The cord is only 5 feet long which is too short to see myself in the mirror near my outlet . Lastly the cool jet button is not in a position that makes it easy to use just by feel so it makes drying time longer and more tedious .
 I bought the silver colored version of this at Target about 5 months ago . I was happy with it until last week . I straightened the collasable handle and heard a cracking sound . The handle would no longer stay straight when I used the machine . Like some of the other reviewers I found , upon opening up the device , that the very cheap plastic piece that kept the handle in the locked position had broken . There was no way to fix it and it was n't worth the hassle and expense to mail it in for repair . So I bought a different brand last night . I 'm very unhappy with this product .
 I bought this hair dryer to replace another Conair I had for many years . After one year I am going back to my old one . There is NO WAY to clean the vents on this one and it heats up HOT . It burned the top of my ear the other day . The retractable cord is a nice idea , but if it retracts too fast you end up with bruises from it hitting you in the arm . Look for the Conair dryers that have vents that can be cleaned and they will last you a good long time . Then only good thing about it is it travels well .
 I bought this dryer as a replacement for one that my puppy managed to chew the cord on . My `` old '' dryer which I had for years , worked WONDERFULLY ! I thought having the retractable cord would help to keep it out of his mouth and help keep me better organized . Too bad after less than 10 uses the `` retractability '' of the machine 's cord stopped . Unfortunatly , this did not happen with the cord out . Furthermore , I was very disappointed with the force of the air - even on high . For the amount of noise it produced , I expected to be getting my hair blown dry in a windtunnel . I tried to take it apart to see it I could fix the cord , but the whole thing fell apart and I threw it in the garbage where it belonged . Too bad I did n't spend my time prior to purchasing it reading the reviews . SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!!
 I got so fed up with this dryer , I gave up on it after just a couple of months . I now -LRB- very happily -RRB- own aInfiniti by Conair 223 Cord Reel Folding Handle Dryer , which , despite Amazon 's title , does not have a folding handle.This was my second hair dryer with a cord reel , which I find convenient , but there are several things I really hate about it . It is very noisy and I have to turn the radio up loud to hear the news -- even when using the slow speed . You should be concerned about hearing loss if you use this . The cord is way too short -LRB- 4 feet -RRB- and when retracting it , rewinds so quickly that the plug whips around and hits me painfully in the hand . I have to be careful about how to hold it when retracting the cord . It also had only fast/hot and slow/warm settings . I prefer to use high heat and a slow speed , but that is not available on this cheap piece of junk.I highly recommend you do not waste your money on this hair dryer .
 Like many out there , my last Conair dryer lasted nearly 20 years . This new Conair was very good for the first 6 months but now it only wants to remain in the convenient fold down/storage position . It 's like someone broke it 's little red neck .
 I really hate this hair dryer . Absolutely every single time I use it , it shorts out and wo n't turn back on for at least 10 minutes . You want to talk about stress ? Try getting ready to run out the door and never knowing if your hair dryer will actually finish the job before it calls it quits . And , even if I 've only used it for 1 minute , if I turn this dryer off , it wo n't turn on again for at least 10 minutes . How can a stupid hair dryer overheat in ONE MINUTE ? If the phone rings or my husband calls , I have to let this thing keep running because I KNOW it wo n't turn back on.I hate this piece of junk and am online right now trying to buy something else to replace it !
 Well , my hairdryer has n't started any fires , but it also has n't worked correctly since right after I bought it either . The retractable cord does n't retract anymore . The button broke off that controls that and , in general , it just is n't a good quality hair dryer . Pieces of a hair dryer should n't just break off . I bought a ConAir product because they are n't too expensive and last a really long time , but now I 'm thinking I should go ahead and spend over $ 75 for a hair dryer just so it does n't fall apart .
 Powerful hair dryer or maybe it seems like it is because my other one was on its way out for a while . Low temp is n't very warm and hair dryer is very loud . High temp is hot and powerful .
 I loved the idea of a hair dryer with a retractable cord , and I have always had success with Conair in the past , so I was so disappointed when I started using the Cord Keeper and found it was just too loud to use . I literally had to put my finger in my left ear to keep it from crackling when I used this dryer . I mentioned that I had to take a hair dryer back to the store when my son and daughter-in-law were visiting , and they said they had a hair dryer that was too loud too . It turns out it was the SAME model !
 I got this to replace another Conair dryer that I LOVED . I wish they would stick with their old way of doing things instead of `` improving . '' It is n't as kind to my hair while drying and is too painful to my ears . Am returning it .
 Just used one of these , now my ears are ringing ! If you value your hearing , stay away from this model.Plus , its `` high '' temp is really `` medium '' , compared to other hair dryers I 've used . So it takes twice as long to dry your hair , all the while damaging your ear drums .
 Unfortunately , like other reviewers here , my Conair 1875 watt ionic cord keeper died after a few months of use . While it was working it was excellent . But I do n't expect a hair dryer to die after just a few months . Buy something else !
 I have bought hair dryers that lasted years and years with daily use . This one I had for 3 months and it just stop working . Do n't waste your money on this item .
 I bought this product Dec 8,2006 , and it lasted till Aug 20 , 2007 . It 's not worth the cost to ship back . It just stopped working . My last Conair hair dryer lasted some 15 or more years . Think I 'll check out some other brands by checking out these great reviews on Amazon . Do n't buy this hair dryer , you will be greatly disappointed .
 The first thing I did was pull out the cord to see if it retracted . Apparently the cord does n't retract if you &#34; pull it out too far &#34; as I read later in the directions . If they make a hair dryer where you have to read the directions before using it , the company is doing it wrong . I did n't even bothering using it I was so angry .
 Mine worked fine for a while . I 've had it about a year but I did n't use it all that much until about a 2 months ago . After about a month the little plastic piece that you push to retract the cord broke so now no retractable cord . I liked that feature for easy storage . So far everything else still works . I 'll keep you posted .
 Do not buy this Hair dryer ! Mine caught fire when it was plugged in but not turned on . If I had not been home it would have burned down my house ! As it was , I smelled smoke and was able to put out the fire ! Very scary ! I was lucky I did not get burned and nothing was damaged . I will never buy another Conair product again!C .
 I very recently changed salons and began to use Bumble and Bumble products because my new salon carried that brand . I am very pleased with all the Bumble products that I tried except for this hairspray . My hair is very fine and flyaway so I need a hairspray that holds my hair in place . This hairspray does not provide a very strong hold at all . The slightest puff of wind musses my hair beyond repair .
 I Heart BB products but this shampoo + conditioner line is awful . The shampoo does not lather well at all which makes you overuse the product and the conditioner is very very light not moisturizing like it implies . I used this set for about 2 weeks and my hair looked and felt awful . I switched back to the gentle line + Coco line and my hair was happy again . Just not for me . I have very thick hair and this did nothing for it but make it flat/limp/frizzy .
 The product this vender ships is fake . DO NOT BUY IT ! I did a side by side comparison and while the bottle looks close to the real thing , the printing is blurry compared to a real bottle . The smell is wrong and the results are horrible . This seller should destroy their inventory and STOP SELLING IT !
 I have bought this conditioner for years -- I just received this product and whatever conditioner is inside is definitely not the right stuff . I returned it and will only buy at the salon from now on .
 I puchased both this and the matching shampoo . After two bottles of each , my hair started to feel heavy -- like I hand ' t rinsed it adequately , even though I know I had . I cancelled my auto ship order after two times .
 This was not my favorite Bumble and Bumble conditioner . And the top was n't on all the way so some leaked out and at this price every little bit counts .
 I buy this product for a 96 yr old lady who wont use anything else . She has lovely skin !
 The product was in bad condition !!! It doesnt smell like a real Swiss Army.I have real doubts about this product !! I think I will never buy again this kind of products by this way !!!! Please send my a REAL Swiss Army or give me back my money
 Product is exactly the same but seller provides one image , which does not represent what it delivers . This fancy cloth black bag does not come together with the perfume!I want my fancy cloth black bag !
 amazon should not sell these restricted products to their customers and make them waste time and money seems a mockery and a delusion of amazon and more when they do not accept the return of these products really arrependido to buy and waste my money .
 estoy muy insatisfecho xq nunca recibi este producto , lo enviaron y lo entregaron en la direccion equivocada porque nunca llego a la direccion de destino , favor exigo que me entregen mi producto o me devuelvan el dinero
 I regret buying it . It is the worst cologne I ever spend money on . It is totally fake and it is not the actual product of Swiss Army . Do n't buy it .
 This product sounded like a great idea
 I have used this shampoo for years and LOVED it ... but this bottle seemed very different . The scent was very perfumey ... it did not work into a rich lather at all ... and left my hair feeling dry ! So , either Bumble and Bumble changed their formula ... OR ... I was scammed and this was NOT Bumble and Bumble Gentle Shampoo . Very disappointed either way .
 I knew before opening the bag that this product was not real . I am a hairstylist how works with Bumble and Bumble all day long . My salon was out of gentle , this bottle was for me so I ordered amazon which I love . Sad when sellers do this . Thank God for reviews .
 I just bought this Gentle Shampoo and the Deeep Conditioner . Sadly I was not really impressed with either one . The shampoo did n't lather much and my hair ended up feeling not so clean . Absolutely not worth the hefty price tag . I 'm going back to Pantene .
 I bought this product after reading how great it was . It was the most I 've ever paid for a hair product because the reviews were so impressive . It is so harsh I ca n't believe they recommend it for treated hair . My hair felt totally stripped and horribly rough.I will not buy this product again !
 I ordered through Amazon to save some money ... and wound up with shampoo in a B&B bottle that is NOT B&B . It smells and looks like Pantene . It 's definitely not the B&B Gentle shampoo I have used many times before . I took it to my salon to compare , too -- it looked and smelled completely different .
 I 've been using Bumble & Bumble products for years -- long enough to know when it 's not the product I ordered . I knew before I even opened the bottle -- it was pearlescent and the real stuff is n't . The consistency was also a dead giveaway . So lame . I should have just driven across town for the real thing .
 I love Bumble & Bumble products just as much as I love Amazon.com and had yet to be disappointed by either , until now ! This product does not smell like real B & B nor does it do the same thing to my hair . The ` labeling ' had been worn off in several places , so perhaps it is really old or it is a different product in a B & B container . Regardless , as a devout Amazon.com customer , I am extremely disappointed ...
 I have just spent time discussing this company with not only a supervisor with Amazon , but with a customer representative with Bumble and Bumble . This shampoo is NOT a Bumble and Bumble product . I have purchased Bumble 's Gentle Shampoo for years , but through a salon I used to go to . When I switched salons , they advised they did n't carry Bumble products , so I decided to purchase this shampoo from Amazon instead.After receiving the first couple of bottles from this company , I noted immediately that the fragrance was almost over-powering , NOT something I had ever noticed with Bumble 's Gentle shampoo before . I also noted that the texture of this product was different than I 'd remembered ; it was more translucent , not the white , thicker consistency that I was so accustomed to.Recently , I had our son order two more bottles through Amazon and when it came in today , my son asked if I had read any of the reviews on this product . I had n't , so I started to read through them and to my astonishment I noted several of the comments noted the same issues I had , with this product.In doing a Google search , I noted that absolutely NOTHING comes up for this company -LRB- Rokbargains -RRB- , save for one - another Amazon.com complaint for another product , a shower gel , sent by Rokbargains . The two reviews were scathing ; the comments made were almost identical to those complaints for the shampoo.Amazon 's supervisor handled this complaint in a very professional manner . She promptly refunded us the amount for the two 8 oz . bottles purchased and promised that they would look further into this company 's business handlings . I have since ordered two more bottles through Bumble 's website . Bumble 's customer rep informed me they do NOT sell their products through Amazon.FYI - Bumble 's product IS an excellent product in my opinion , but please do n't base your reviews on Rokbargains ' product - IT IS NOT A BUMBLE AND BUMBLE PRODUCT .
 I do n't know if B&B changed the formulation , but the bottle I got has a much more watery consistency than the one I purchased from the salon . It also does not smell the same .
 I did not get what was advertised in the picture !! The sprayer did not come with the perfume which was specifically why I ordered it .
 Curious in control Smells like cheap deodorant spray . I would suggest The original `` Curious '' which has a soft pleasant scent , but this one is far from it . Its like a mix of fruit punch , and plastic ... just not appealing .
 nothing like the original one . Smells like cotton candy . If you like that deep heavy smell go for it . it is obvious i am not going to buy it again .
 CHARLIE BLUE cologne IS NOT the original Revlon Charlie cologne that was launched by Revlon in 1973 . If you buy CHARLIE BLUE expecting it to be the same as the original Charlie you 've loved for many years , you will be very disappointed ! DO NOT buy CHARIE BLUE . Once you 've purchased it from AMAZON , you will NOT be able to return it , due to federal shipping regulations.Currently , if you look enough , you 'll still be able to purchase the original Charlie online . Look at the picture of the bottle - the writing is white , and it does NOT say BLUE on the bottle .
 Sprayer stopped after 4 squirts . Plus my husband 's Nautica Blue smelled like someone had substituted blue mouthwash for the real fragrance . These items are not returnable through the mail . From now on we 'll shop for non-returnable items like Health & Beauty stuff at the local store . What a jip ! No wonder the stuff was priced to move .
 The prefume did n't even have the top sprayer and it shipped with fedex so it took forever to get to me . Had to buy a new one cause I could n't give it as a gift for chirstmas . Disappointing .
 I ordered Charlie for Women . Your picture of the product shows Charlie for Women.The product I received was Charlie Blue , which is an entirely different scent . You needto insure that what you picture is correct . The supplier that mailed me the perfumesaid you -LRB- Amazon -RRB- did not have the correct product . I have returned the order .
 I was hoping to recreate a mood from long ago but this smells like a knock-off , almost over the hill .
 It has been so long since I ordered this product I can not remember the date and I still have n't received it . Although my account was charged immediately . I have a feeling this distributor is from China which does not make me feel confident on the quality as most of their products are knock-offs .
 Based upon the previous positive reviews of this product , I purchased the Kersastase Volumactive shampoo . Although it lathers up quite nicely while in the shower , it did n't perform better than a well-known popular brand of volumizing shampoo which can be purchased for $ 5-10 -LRB- depending on size -RRB- . In fact , my hair seemed less volumized , in comparison to the $ 5-10 shampoo , after using this shampoo . Based upon its performance and high cost , I would not recommend this product to obtain fuller looking hair . Needless to say , after this shampoo runs out , I will not be purchasing this again .
 This was the worst shampoo I have ever used - do NOT recommend anyone using this awful shampoo - waste of money .
 I recently ordered this shampoo and the bottle arrived damaged . About a quarter of the bottle had leaked out of the bottom and all over the packaging . I contacted the seller and requested a replacement bottle or a refund . I was unbelievably frustrated when they refused . The best they could do is offer me a 40 % refund -LRB- which I have yet to receive and this was over a week ago -RRB- . For a fairly expensive bottle of shampoo , which I 've used for years and order online regularly , I was shocked by the poor customer service . I wo n't be ordering from this seller again .
 So disappointing . I guess this was just wrong for my hair - I have fine long hair . It felt like my hair was covered in film , no matter how much I rinsed it .
 I have straight , fine hair that has no body whatsoever . I was hoping this shampoo would give my hair some volume . I ca n't see any difference except in the volume of my wallet . Seriously -- this product is $ 45 for 8 ounces , about $ 5.50 per ounce . Pantene , my usual brand which performs just as well
 I have used this shampoo for years . I ordered the product and when I was finally finished with my previous bottle , upon opening , I was suspect that something was off . The color did not look right . After about 5 uses and buying a bottle from a reputable salon , I am sure this bottle is either counterfeit or the product sold at Target and this seller is trying to pass this off as the expensive version . I would use caution before ordering this and frankly buy direct from the manufacturer .
 I use the deep conditioners and other shampoos from Kerastase , and so decided to try this volumizing shampoo for fine hair -LRB- like mine -RRB- . I actually thought that it weighed my hair down MORE than the other lines of Kerastase , and so would recommend that you stick with the orange and white bottles instead for fine hair .
 One more over-rated and over priced Kerastase product . Again , ... one can get the same results w/a much , much less expensive product . When something is suppose to add volume , . . I expect to see REAL volume ! I know it ca n't do miracles , . . but dont hype it up and price it up when it does just a mediocre job at best .
 If I could give this 0 stars I would . I have thin blond hair and when I first started using this I had good results and told my sister she had to buy a bottle too . Half way through the bottle I started to have MAJOR breakage . My hair became so brittle I had flyaways all over the place from the breaking . The exact same thing happened to my sister 's hair and she 's not happy with me as you can imagine . If you want to risk your hair go for it but I wish someone had let me know about the damage this shampoo causes before I bought it . I started using Avalon Biotin thickening shampoo after I tossed this product out . Not only is it less expensive but my hair is finally starting to get healthy again and growing back . Save yourself from damaging your hair and go with the natural Biotin .
 Not any better than putting skin cream in your hair . It still takes lots of work to brush through tangled and damaged ends , even with generous amounts . Overpriced , over-hyped .
 Read all the reviews on here and had to give it a try . What is all e hype about ?!?!?! It 's not a good product . I have used many products in my hair and this is by far the worst . I do n't think it does anything . Try something else .
 I bought a small sample at a local store and loved it . Decided it would be a better deal buying through Amazon the product was not at all the same . It had a strange chemical odor both Shampoo and conditioner , It was so gross I only used it for a couple days . Too bad I hate wasting money .
 Item arrived quickly and undamaged . But , although the scent is not too bad , it is a very cheap perfume . It has a undertone of like a plastic chemically smell . Probably a drying agent . This gave me a serious headache .
 This perfume came in really pretty packaging , bt it smells like sweat , soap , and grandmas ! I dont agree with the positive reviewers at all .
 I did not like the smell at all , as he had used Used See by , I can say it 's a fake ! please , if you 're not going to sell something original , make the reservation or do not sell
 I bought this product for my wife , she has thick hair smoother due to the chemical , the more she used it for 3 times , trying to brush right after , and it did not work anything for her , Horrible , is not so cheap , and much less very good , I touched her hair , and felt he did nothing so extraordinary , I hope this comment is helpful for you . .
 This product never foams up . It leaks out like water instead of coming out like a mousse . The perfume scent is SO strong it could choke you .
 I read a lot of good reviews , so I decided to give it a try . It does n't seem to work that great for my hair . I have curly/wavy shoulder length hair so I thought it 'd be good . It just does n't do much for it . It 's pretty expensive too . It may just be my hair type , but I wo n't be purchasing it again .
 This product was a very big disappointment and waste of money . I have almost completely straight hair and was hoping this spray would give me somewhat beachy waves and a little body . But once I spray it on my hair it just weighs down the curls and makes my hair stiff and stringy . It 's basically a hair spray more than a wave enhancer . I think this product is more suited for those who already have waves in their hair . Other sprays that I have bought for less than five dollars worked better .
 Do n't waste your Money ! Although the product does smell nice , it definitely does not give you the beach waves it promises . My hair has a natural wave , especially in the humidity , but this product just weighs it down and makes your hair dry and stiff . I ca n't believe Elle McPherson endorses this product . Sorry I purchased it , will never use it again .
 I tried this product in Sephora today , and while my hair looked ok , my hair instantly smelled like a homeless person . I was embarrassed to pass people as I walked over to the perfume section to help rid the stench this product left in my hair.I 'd consider buying this if they fixed the issue with the smell . I 've used a similar John Frida product and never had to deal with a foul smell like this !
 I purchased both the surf spray and the thickener . The spray makes your hair tacky and the thickener too soft . Neither products were worth the $ . I have Pantene products that are better .
 I usually like Bumble and Bumble products but this was a disappointment as it did not do that much for my hair . It is like spraying salt on your head and make your hair dirty and greasy after having washed it . Very hard to brush my hair after having used this product .
 I agree with another reviewer . This product makes my hair look oily and flat . Not for fine straight hair unless you really want to use it at the beach to keep your hair flat to your head . -LRB- I have very fine hair . -RRB- This is the only B&B product I have n't really liked .
 I like the way my hair looks at the beach with a little salt spray in it , but this did not give the same results . Made my fine hair look limp and dirty .
 I bought this in search of a replacement for the John Frieda surf spray that was discontinued . I have very thick wavy hair and the John Frieda product was perfect for volume and actually curled my hair . The Bumble and Bumble added texture , but weighed my hair down . It actually pulled the wave out of it . It left my hair very knotted and tacky feeling . My biggest issue with this product and the reason for this review was washing it out . I had to wash several times and use a massive amount of conditioner to do so . I lost so much hair from combing the tangles out WITH the conditioner still in my hair . As I am writing this 20 minutes later my scalp is still tender . Buyer beware ! Especially those with wavy , curly or thick hair ! Big ouch !
 I 'm usually a big fan of this brand , but this product is a big rip-off . Not only is it the same as any cheaper beach wave product , but you can make it at home for free.Just mix 1/4 cup water with a tablespoon of epsom salt and a splash or olive oil in a spray bottle . Mix . Spritz .
 To say that I have fine , stick-straight hair would be insulting to the stick . It takes me forever to work some blow-dryer magic in the morning to get my hair to a point where I am not ashamed to leave the house . If I do n't do that , it remains plastered to the sides of my face , a pathetic , limp , and lifeless disaster . Enter Bumble and Bumble Surf Spray . I have had mixed luck with B&B haircare products in the past , but I thought I 'd give this stuff a try . I have tried using this spray various ways
 I have short salt and pepper hair . Gray hair is very dry and unruly . I have tried tons of stuff and nothing really works.I came across this product and the reviews were great . This stuff is not cheap so I thought it must be good.I have tried for about two months and my hair is exactly as before , unruly and very dry . I am very disappointed.Not recommend it at all.I wish I had my money back .
 After reading other reviews , I was excited to try this product . Though my hair is not long , I have ton of it-it 's thick , curly , dry , and porous . -LRB- with all these attributes , it is still very healthy-looking . -RRB- I wanted the serum because it might relax my curl a bit when I wanted to go for a straighter style . When I first applied the serum , I thought `` wow '' , this stuff feels great ! '' But as far as actual results -- meh . My hair may have felt a bit softer , but that 's about it . I 'm sorry to say I spent $ 40 for something that really does n't do much for -- at least not for this curly-girl . The search continues ... those with curly hair know what I mean .
 I have fine , frizzy wavy/curly hair , that on occasion , I like to wear straight . I purchased this product about a year ago after hearing a lot of great things . I thought it would help with the major case of frizz I get when I trying to blow dry my hair straight . It did n't help . It did , however , make my hair feel very soft.Personally , I do n't think this product is worth the cost . A Brazilian Blowout works best for taking out the frizz , but then again , I lose all my curl potential for a couple months . I 'm still on the hunt for a great defrizzing serum .
 I tried this stuff on my fine hair and it did not work and at $ 40 clams a bottle , this stuff was a pricey experiment . I tried on it dry , damp , wet ... no difference . The flyaways were still flying ... Maybe your hair has to be very fine and blonde for it to work . The chic at the salon loved it on herself ... I returned the product .
 Made hair very soft
 Hello , I have tried this prodect before so I bought it for Amazon . I am versy surprised because I do not feel this product has the same qulity of the product that I have bought . I can not camb my hair easily like the time that I used the product that I bought form a salon . My hair is very dry so I will find a product that could help me .
 Perfume lasted for only the first three sprays , I guess they mixed something else ` cos I 've been using this perfume for years and the smell remains strong till the last drop - well not for this bottle.Lesson learned - Stick to buying perfumes from reputable retailers or better still the duty free shops .
 The mesh cover arrived with a snap missing . Very disappointing . The most annoying thing is the seller , Baby Bungalow , would not exchange it and just gave me the customer service number for Phil & Teds . Why could n't they just exchange it for new one , as if I had bought it in their store . Not cool . Will never buy from them again !!!!!!
 I had heard of some of the benefits of tea tree oil for skin conditions , so I bought a 3 pack of this soap along with some other items . First I can say that some of the tea tree oil products I bought worked great , but this one did n't seem to be very effective . The soap its self has a decent texture and appears to clean ok , but when I opened it I expected that I should actually smell the tea tree oil in the product . The scent was very faint and disappeared in no time . By the time I got to the second bar of soap , there was no tea tree aroma what so ever . The only thing I can think of is that the oils evaporated over time . I do n't know if this is a flaw with this particular brand or tea tree oil soap bars in general . I would not purchase this product again but one of the other products I did get that I would recommend is a tea tree oil cream by Derma E . It is n't a soap , but it 's a Tea Tree Product that works well.DERMA E , Tea Tree & E Antiseptic Creme - 4 oz
 I bought this soap to help control my acne because I learned of the benefits of Tea tree oil . It was all natural soap so it seemed all the better . Sadly after using it daily for a week I broke out like never before . . I started using Benzoyl Peroxide like crazy and continued using the soap . . a week later my whole face was covered . It was obvious by then that something was causing the acne . The only new product I was using was this soap . . I researched its ingredients and turns out that the Coconut oil in it is highly comedogenic -LRB- clog pores -RRB- so is the palm oil ... I stopped using the soap immediately . My face is much better now . I am back to using salicylic acid pads and BP . This soap may be good for body parts that are not acne-prone but not for the face . Be careful .
 This shampoo did n't help relieve the itching on my scalp even though i used it every other day or so for a month .
 Left my hair frizzier than ever . It 's like the moisture has been sucked out . i bought all three parts of the set to make sure it 'd work as advertised and the results were comparable to herbal essence . Regret significantly .
 I have chemically relaxed hair so I am always looking for the next new product to better strengthen or moisturize my hair . This product is supposed ot be smoothing but I did n't notice anything spectacular about it . Not work the super expensive price ... I have tried the L'Oreal no sulfate sleek shampoo and THAT does what it markets .
 I use this Conditioner , but was not impressed w / the shampoo . I Kiehl 's shampoo , it is cheaper and loads better !
 I have tried tons of expensive and non expensive shampoos and conditioners ... this is not worth the money ! It did not help with the freeze and it does not clean well ... I am not even going to use the rest of the bottle !
 I forgot to add , it didnt tangle my hair & im pretty sure my hair got bigger and poofier which i didnt even know was possible !!
 I bought this product to use between appointments . I loved the feel of my hair upon leaving the salon . When I used it at home , my hair was tangled and brittle . Additionally , my hair is so straight after blow drying that it does n't hold a curl . Wo n't buy it again .
 I have been using this shampoo for about a month now and have not noticed any difference yet . It 's either that this is a fake product or just not an effective one .
 Very disappointing product . Light works erratically - sometimes it will turn on , sometimes not - after a few minutes , light will go off automatically . Strength of light is weak . Mirror image not as sharp and crisp as other 5X mirrors I 've owned .
 I was not quite certain how to rate this item since I did not use it.It arrived without any manufacturers &#34; safety &#34; seal . I suspected that there had been tampering with the item ; however , I was informed by the seller that the item is not &#34; sealed &#34; by the manufacturer and that the seller had placed tape over the cap to prevent spillage during transit.The bottom line is that I do n't consider it safe to use any product of this nature without a safety seal .
 When I put this makeup on it covered nothing , and made my pores look larger . The pressed power foundation is much better
 I was very excited , there were so many positive reviews , and I applied it for the first time today but OMG it made my poors look huge , and brought out some wrinkles I did not know I had . Another thing I was hoping for was no breaking me out , but it did , in fact in like three hours I had a good size pimple formed up by my mouth , very sad ... I guess I will keep looking .
 Not pleased at all with this purchase ! Normally this perfume smells incredible on my wife -- for whatever reason this particular batch smells like a bug spray ; therefore , my wife no longer will use it . This is our first time purchasing perfume via the internet and it will be our last time .
 I purchased this item in February of this year -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and I stored the bottle for about 6 months . Upon opening it , and spraying it , I noticed that it did n't smell like it usually did . Rather than the pleasant fragrance that I 've become accustomed to over the many years that I 've used this , it smelled similar to cheap , scented bug-repellent spray . This did not just happen to me . I bought a bottle for my mother , and she complained that when she used it , she could smell the fragrance , but it was much weaker than with other bottles she 's used ; she claimed the fragrance was almost non-existent . I sent an email to the company regarding this issue , but they never responded.I do n't know if this is an isolated incident , but I do n't think I 'm going to continue using this perfume .
 This perfum is a tester . It arrived but the photo in the Amazon site is wrong and does n't match with the real product . Carefull with this seller . I 've bought as a gift to my mother and I could n't give her once there is no box and it 's writen
 Now that 's it 's time to wrap this item for my daughter 's Christmas gift , I 'm faced with the word `` TESTER '' in bold print on the front of the box , so went back to the description and after quite a bit of digging found an explaination of sorts . Really wish this had been made clear on the actual description - I 'm not happy at all !! FUTURE BUYERS BE WARNED - THE ITEM YOU 'RE ABOUT TO PAY GOOD MONEY FOR IS A TESTER !!!!!!!!!!!
 I love the fragrance called Eau D Eden by Cacharel . I bought it in Paris when travelling there . So I thought I would try the internet to buy some more . -LRB- It is not available in Australia -RRB- . I was sent a fragrance called Eden even though I ordered Eau D Eden and that was on the order form . When I tried to get the correct item all the company would do was to refund the difference in price . So I am left with a product that I do not like and will never use .
 I did n't love this one . It was hard to use , and the blonde color is light , my highlighted dark blonde is too dark for it , does not match well . Would n't buy again . Cute idea .
 i was hoping to get a head band not a tonytail , but it was my fault when ordering , but when I try to use thiss itss likee soooo difficultt to make the tail . I JUST DIDNT LIKE IT AT ALL
 The braided pony wrap did not work well at all . It looks very nice in the packaging , but once I wrapped it in my hair , I could see the pony-tail holder part showing and also the plastic caps which attach the braided hair to the pony-tail holder . It did not look at all like it did on the picture on the package or on the website .
 I swim twice a week and was using this shampoo along with the Aubrey swimmer 's conditioner . After using the shampoo my hair would feel stiff and straw-like . Within a few weeks my hair was breaking like crazy and dull and lifeless . The ingredient that is supposed to help with chlorine is organic corn syrup .
 After reading these reviews , I bought this shampoo . It does not lather well , and makes my hair super dry . I do have fine hair , but this did not work well for me . Prefer Ultra Swim
 This is horrid shampoo , did I say HORRID !!! I comes out of the bottle like green goo , smells funny , does not lather and my hair stuck together . Awful stuff .
 This review will be another `` used to be good '' review . I 've been using Aubrey Organics products for over 20 years . Obviously I generally like them or I would n't have used them for 20 years . I am also a swimmer and like a chlorine-removing soap to use on my hair and body.The OLD version of this shampoo , which contained corn syrup and did not contain bitter almond oil , was a very good -LRB- both in terms of aesthetics and effectiveness -RRB- shampoo and body wash with a light scent . The shampoo was thick and easy to apply . The new version has done away with these advantages . It is runny , and does n't lather easily . It has a very strong almond smell , reminiscent of Jergen 's hand lotion . I mean very strong - it smells like macaroons.While shampooing with it after a swim , my hair began matting together and no amount of gentle massaging would cause the shampoo to lather , so I rinsed it out , leaving behind possibly cleaner but still matted hair . I used the shampoo as a body wash , and again , no lather . After showering , I had dry skin and hair , and plenty of residual chlorine odor on my skin . So this stuff does n't remove chlorine anymore either.Had a 2nd shower with this stuff after another swim , and same experience . I left the near full bottle on the locker room bench for some other sucker to try . Please please please quit messing with good products!Back to Paul Mitchell Shampoo 3 for me .
 I wanted so badly for this product to do great things for my somewhat fine , straight tresses . Unfortunately , within a few days , my hair was seriously dried out , even with the use of the conditioner in the same line . Also , I tend to have an allergic reaction to many organic or natural hair care products , and this was no exception . Within a few hours of my shower , my scalp and hair line were itchy and full of little bumps . I tried for 3 or 4 days but finally conceded that this product was n't for me .
 I ordered this shampoo for my natural 4b type hair . Once I used the shampoo my hair was so matted that I could not run my fingers through it . I ended up using another shampoo on top of it to get rid of the roughness and matting the shampoo caused . I would not recommend to anyone .
 I paid over $ 10 for this stuff and it is an absolute nightmare . The shampoo is like trying to work glue through your hair . You have to use SOOOO much and your hair ends up feeling like it has sludge in it . You cant even get your fingers thru it -LRB- and I have soft water !! -RRB- . The conditioner is fine but the shampoo is terrible . My hair still ended up turning green in the pool and this shampoo did nothing to prevent it nor get the green out . What a waste of money ! I 'm going back to the health food store and demanding my money back . I posted a similar review on Aubrey Organic 's website , I doubt they 'll even post it . This product may be ok as a simple shampoo for little boys with no hair but if you have blonde hair or any hair at all -- this shampoo will tear the crap out of your hair .
 It is very sheer , but I do n't like it as well as I like the other colors . Fairly good product though . It does dry on chalky and helps with not creasing on your eye .
 this did nothing for me im better of getting black head remover strips from walmart then this ! it did smell really good though , it made me want eat it then use it lol
 It is very sheer , but I do n't like it as well as I like the other colors . Fairly good product though . It does dry on chalky and helps with not creasing on your eye .
 I got this because I am disabled and I get dizzy when I get shampooed at salon ... my back got soaked ! I am sad : -LRB-
 Only got it because I do n't have a shampoo bowl and needed something to pass inspection ... wo n't fit a medium to bigger guys neck and the strap broke just demonstrating it to someone . Get it if you just need something but understand you 'll never want to use it .
 Purchased from cosmetic solutions on amazon and the tube arrived used ! I contacted the seller and did n't get a response . It looks pretty enough but I guess I 'll never know how it looks on -LRB- me -RRB- .
 Seriously , how can you make a dry calendula product ? It totally beats the purpose of it . This soap just dries up , I could not believe it myself . Calendula is supposed to be great for eczema and dry skin but with that soap , it gets worse . Not enough calendula and too much chemicals , I 'm sure . Way too expensive for what it is .
 Does absolutely nothing in terms of styling your hair . Only thing it 's good for is putting your hair down , but you can do that by washing your hair . Should n't even be advertised as a hairspray .
 I used the tea tree oil in my hair for a short time . I stopped because it left my hair sticky and greasy feeling . Had to wash my hair to take it out . I maybe used to much but this product is not for me . I went back to the Organic Root Stimulator Olive oil .
 a night light is briter ... none of the homedics or conair lighted makeup mirrors have good light ... obviously a man designed these ... LOL
 Try to find another brand other than homedics . This product is horrible . Mine broke so fast . It is just a mirror that attracts dust now . The light was really short lived . I do not know it lasted a month perhaps shorter , but I could not really see in the mirror anyway because it attracted dust constantly . It is not plugged in now and the dust is still comming . I think it is an accident when homedics makes a product that works . I think they are a company that copies other stuff and then markets it . Their stuff just seems to be mostly quack products . Try to find another mirror from another company . Do not buy any from them . They suck . I have a broken mirror here . There is probably someone in china laughing at us as they buy gold when they sell us all this junk and we waste our money . How much did this cost to make ? $ 1.75 ? That is about all it is worth .
 Not a fan . I do not feel like it does anything at all . Kind of dried out my face too .
 Dont buy this product it was crap and a waste of money . . you would do better to go to walmart and buy something similar . .
 Not at all happy with this product . The only way the smell stays is if you spray it a bunch on your shirt , etc. . and then only that one spot gives off the scent -LRB- not like cologne/perfume where the scent carriers -RRB- .
 Well the price was good but we got the wrong thing . And the one we got smells like dirty water .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Pros
 I was reading through the ingredients and was impressed until I seen that it contains paraben which is responsible for cancer . You do n't need to use parabens as a preservative there are plenty of safer alternatives out there .
 I did not get the product I ordered - was disappointed they did not offer to replace with the actual product ordered in exchange for the item received .
 Another high expectations , and high disappointment . Yes , that ` s great cream for 4 dollars , and if you have an oily skin , because it does n`t really moisturize . I have a combination skin , but after washing it gets tight . This cream sinks after a while in the skin , but I have the same feeling of dry skin later . It has no glide.Now I use it for the body , after adding few drops or aromatherapy oils . I wo n`t purchase again .
 I did not like the texture of this moisturizer . It is thick and does not rub in well , leaving a whiter look to my face -LRB- although this gradually goes away -RRB- . I also felt it left my skin unusually oily and increased my acne . Price too good to be true ...
 I was using this product along with Desert Essence Tea Tree Cleansing Pads -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and at first , I noticed that I felt a bit of a burn and discomfort from both products . I tried using the products separately as well as together , and thought that maybe it was normal . However , after a few days of using this product , I ended up getting a severe burn all over my face , and broke out into a very painful rash.It started out as just a prickly pink , then went itchy and red , and eventually broke out into a severe burn , and was extremely painful and peeled for several days . It took weeks for my skin to stop feeling sensitive and raw.I 'm not sure why my face reacted this way , but I 'm really sad that it did , because I had been searching high and low for an all natural facial product , and all of my searching on Amazon pointed to this .
 I do n't know if there was something wrong with the one I bought but it turned my face red and burned like heck on my arms and legs where ever I had a small scratch . I took it back .
 I ordered this product because I wanted an organic moisturizing cream . Firstly the cream smelled really weird , bad weird . But I thought I can bear the smell if it is good on my skin . Unfortunately the moment I put it on my face I got really bad rash . But I decided to give it the benefit of the doubt and the next day I used it on one half of my face with the same result . Half of my face turned red with rush ... will not use it again
 This stuff perplexes me . The tub of it is very very light , I actually thought it might be empty when I first picked it up . But when I put it on it was very greasy and thick , which I do n't like . I ended up having a horrible allergic reaction after using it for a few days . I 've never reacted to any chemicals before , so it was really really weird for me .
 Package was not sealed and the Product contained nothing more than water . . Total waste of money . .
 People , stop and think about this for a second . You are reading -LRB- quite likely very intently -RRB- about a cologne that is inspired by and named after a vehicle that burns gasoline , petroleum , dead dinosaurs . Can you say `` manipulated ? '' Good ! I knew you could say it . Can you say `` mindless consumer idiot '' ? Very good ! How about `` they sell it and YOU WILL buy it '' ? Very , very good !!!!!!
 Having bought a rock salt lamp for my daughter from a different web site for $ 30 more than this lamp , I thought I 'd beat the high price by purchasing this from Amazon , especially since it was well-reviewed . What a terrible disappointment it is ! It is an amorphous lump , not a pretty crystalline lamp like my daughter 's is . When lit , dark veining that looks like trapped dirt shows up . When not lit , the lamp is simply a multi-colored , irregularly-surfaced blob . The base is terribly crafted of cheap wood with a truly poorly finished surface . The light bulb fitting is very cheaply constructed . The lamp I received looks nothing like the one on the box - it looks like a very cheap imitation . Despite its cost , it just says `` dollar store '' to me . Search elsewhere for one of the lamps with a crystalline exterior if you care about the lamp 's beauty as well as its benefits . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 I bought this because I 've been wanting to try it for awhile now . My friend uses it and it makes her hair very soft and glossy looking . But when I tried it , it did just the opposite . I have long thick hair . And this shampoo made my hair feels rough and has absolutely no shine whatsoever . Pantene is usually a decent line of hair products . But I guess this just was n't for me . I 'll be going back to my old shampoo and conditioner-Bed Head .
 This is by far the worst shampoo I have ever used . I have really long -LRB- waist length -RRB- , really straight , normal hair -LRB- not super greasy , not super dry -RRB- and was excited to use this shampoo and conditioner set . I do n't straighten , blow dry , dye , or in any way fry my hair . The bottle advertised it 's ability to make hair shiny and smooth but it did the opposite with mine . I absolutely love Pantene 's normal shampoo and conditioner set and expected the same amount of nourishment from this Ice Shine product . My hair has never EVER been this dry and frizzy ! At first I thought that I had n't used enough of the conditioner and used twice the amount I normally would with my next couple of washes . Nope . Still super dry and tangles easily.Save your money . If you really want shiny and smooth hair this is what I used to do -LRB- and will be doing again after I toss this product in the bin -RRB- shampoo your hair as normal , then rinse your locks with a bottle of beer , and then condition . I 'm going back to that technique because this product is garbage .
 This product -LRB- like all Pantene products -RRB- is awful . My boyfriend used to use it because he liked the smell , and I finally had to take it away and buy some good stuff for him . An hour after he got out of the shower , his hair was greasy , and by the end of the day , it was beyond disgusting . He also started to get really bad dandruff . After looking at the ingredients and realizing this shampoo is full of harsh sulfates and wax , I immediately threw it out . He has n't had a problem since . Do n't buy this shampoo !
 This has such great reviews so I thought I 'd give it a try . I did n't find it to do anything different than my normal conditioners ? After trying I do think the price is a little high . It might just be the Garnier line of products I have n't found them to be that great ... At least I have some extra conditioner in the house !
 Maybe this is ok for 20something year olds . If youre 35 + , go for a tca 35 % peel . One million of these peels will never equal one deep TCA peel . I can leave this on for 30 minutes with no peeling , burning , redness . Just not deep enough .
 I 've had this product for three weeks , I have sensitive skin so upon using this product for the first time I was extremely careful . The first time I used it and each time since there has been tingling and some slight burning but nothing extreme . I 've used this three times a week since i 've owned it . I decided to wait and write a review until I 'd had ample time to review the results . Might I also add that my sister has also used the same bottle of product that ive used . NEITHER of us has seen any change in our skin . After reading these results I was really expecting something dramatic , especially after 9 treatments but absolutely nothing has happened . If it wasnt for the tingling and slight burning sensation I would n't have even known I was using the product . My advice is to find something else because I ca n't believe all of these people actually saw results .
 No significant difference at all . Very unpappy with results . Have used product well over 8 times with nothing . Actually my skin became a little worse . Very unhappy .
 Hi , I bought the 50 % glycolic acid peel , because I 've had some peels done at the derma , up to 70 % . I thought to better play it safe , and start at 50 % for the home based peel . Well , after 2 months of using , I can say there is absolutely no difference in my skin , and the product does nothing for me , its as if its just water on my face . A slight tinge , but hardly noticable.I received 30 % glycolac complimentory to my purchase , and the glycolac is stronger than the glycolic ...
 I used this product on a scare every two days since I saw no change for two weeks . as of now still no drastic change . I actually regreted buying this product .
 Not only did this do NOTHING for me after 7 months -LRB- followed directions 100 % -RRB- , but it STINKS . It smells like sour milk . I would actually take a deep breath when applying this because it smells so badly . I tried and I tried , for seven months , hoping the results would outweigh the stink . I 'm not sure how people are getting these amazing results . Take a look at the other reviews , and click on `` see all reviews by this person '' , that helps in determining if someone is just padding the rating .
 I ordered this hoping it would go all out and just peel the skin on my face to shreds . I wanted the wrinkles gone , the sun damage , all of it . Well , I received this and put it on my face and left it on for about 10 minutes ... . nothing . It did n't burn , did n't peel , did n't do anything . I 'm very disappointed .
 I purchased this product SEVERAL months ago . Gave it time to work . I used it as directed but ... to date , have received no marked improvement in my skin 's texture , tone nor any noticeable reduction in break outs . It did irritate my skin though ... and it did burn . I do believe that was supposed to happen though , as spa peels have burned me as well ... but ... hmmm . it was `` ok '' . Wouldnt buy again .
 This is the worst product ever , I have extremly curly hair and it did nothing but tangle and knot my hair and made it even more frizzy . I would not recomend buying it to anyone , and i tried using it more than once and that did n't help any so please do not purchase this item and if you do be prepared to take it back .
 I have wavy hair and I thought this could help styling it a little . Not only it is difficult to use but also it got my hair all tangled I had a difficult time trying to get my hair out of the machine . I feel that using a normal brush and dryer is a lot easier . Do n't waste your money
 I totaly agree with the negitive review . If your hair is anything less than 10 '' long , your results will not only dissapoint you , but might really make you mad . I purchased the revostyler as soon as I saw it at Target . I have used it - not only on my self , but on a few of my friends . All of our hair was straighter , yes . But at the same time , frizzy . While you blow dry your hair , you push up the loose , shorter hairs . This results in fly aways . If you use styling products the flyaways are not so bad . But I thought I was buying this to reduce the use of gels and hair spray !
 I was so impressed by the T.V ad that I went to Target & picked one up as my Christmas present to self . I ususally do n't get into leaving reviews . . but I would have like to have known how horrible this was . it is a very lengthy process , & amp ; amp ; the info says it will get faster with practice . What you do n't see on T.V. is you have to blow dry you hair & use the styler at the same time . Plus the brush part of the styler kept falling off . It is to good to be true ! Sorry my hope were up as well .
 I bought the RevoStyler after seeing it in a T.V. ad . I was really excited and hoped that it could help my thick , wavy/curly hair . I was wrong . It did nothing but get stuck in my hair and cause more problems than before I had it . I watched the instructional video and tried it a few times , but it did n't get any easier . Later , I saw on a consumer report what it rated . It got 3 stars , but the final result was NOT something I would want on my head . I would not recommend this product to anyone !
 I ordered the Revo Styler on a Monday . The new blow dry version , with shipping is was over $ 120 . After I made my purchase I found 100 's of negative reviews . I wanted to call immediately to cancel my order . But the website does not provide a phone number , or any means of contacting anyone . Even via email . It took me two days of research to locate a phone number . I finally found one through an 800 . directory . I asked to cancel my order and they said they could not cancel it . They claimed that the product was already shipped . But the website says it takes 4 - 6 weeks to receive . I asked for a tracking number and they did not have one . `` They would have one in the next few days '' . I ship items daily . USPS or UPS or any other provides you with tracking numbers immediately . I plan on refusing the item and returning it to them . Because supposedly they have a 30 day money back guarantee . This is obviously a scam . They will make $ 20 off of the shipping alone . Not to mention probably not fulfill the 30 day money back guarantee . DO NOT PROVIDE THEM WITH BUSINESS , AND TELL YOUR FRIENDS . You can see from the comments below that many of these positive reviews are fake and coming from the company . SHAMFUL .
 This product did nothing that it was suppose to do . It got tangled in hair and we almost had to cut my hair to get it out . I advise you not to buy this product it is a waste .
 I do n't know about this product . I went to Amazon and Jayashree 's review was there -- verbatim . I 'm wondering if she works for the company because not I 'm not sure if I want a product that might rip out my hair .
 i received the product damaged , not working . brush was not rotating after charging . i returned item mid december . amazon is still working on my refund . all i can say , product did not work for me and i returned it . but as always , i am a satisfied amazon customer . customer service is really there when you need them .
 This product sucks , It either tanged my hair or did nothing , I would not recommend this to anyone.I have thick wavy/curly hair , and now I have a Conair straightner , which does not tangle my hair in knots , and actually does a good job >_>
 I was fairly happy with this foundation except for 1 issue -LRB- and this is a big issue with me -RRB- - if you so much as touch anything or anyone with your face while wearing this foundation , it absolutely WILL transfer onto whatever your face has touched . Does n't matter if you use primer or set it with a hydrating spray , it ALWAYS transfers . Always . I could n't stand leaving my face on my boyfriend 's shirts anymore -LRB- not to mention my cell phone , my work phone , my reading glasses , a tissue I used to blow my nose during allergy season , the collar on my coat , my winter hat , etc. -RRB- so I had to give it up . And when it transfers onto another surface , it transfers OFF your face leaving a spot without makeup . If you never hug anyone , never touch your own face and never wear clothes with collars that might reach your face , you 'll love this stuff . Otherwise , look elsewhere for makeup .
 I have been wearing Pur Minerals for years . It was the best foundation that I had ever used and it used to be five stars in my book . I always got compliments on my complexion when I would wear it -LRB- it 's not so great without it :-RRB- -RRB- . I went to Ulta last month and purchased a new powder only to find that everything was different . There was no sponge , no place for storage in the compact and worst of all , the formula is very different and looks horrid on me . While I never used to have to retouch my makeup , I now had to retouch about 30 mins after each application . The powder seemed to melt off of my face and looked caked on as soon as I applied it . While Pur Minerals 4 in 1 powder always been a bit creamy , the new formula is just plain greasy . I am very disappointed in the change and have switched to the Gabriel Cosmetics lightest shade . I would have been a Pur Mineral customer for life if not for the change .
 I immediately decided to cancel the order . It was after hours , so sent e-mail and left phone message . When they called back they told me item could not be canceled , had already been shipped . Guess what -- it has been a week , and I still have not received the item . I will never never never buy from this seller again.The product is fine , however . I have used it before and like it better than other mineral make-ups .
 I purchaseed a bottle of Estee Youth Dew from Beauty Encunter -LRB- unopened box -RRB- only to receive an imitation product . I compared the label with a label of an original bottle of Estee Lauder Youth Dew I have at home and the Beauty Encounter product was an imitation . Fortunately , Beauty Encounter reviewed my response , removed my negative response and has sent me this message : `` We are sorry to hear that the perfume you received in your last order was not up to your expectation . We pride ourselves in offering only high-quality products , but apparantely this item was not carefully inspected by our warehouse . Please see the attached link for your prepaid return lable . Once we recieve the bottle back we will issue you a full refund . `` I will mail the product back on July 27 , 2010 and see if I receive a full refund including shipping & handling vs. all of the 15 % Shipping and Handling and restocking fees that normally apply . I am willing to give Beauty Encounter another chance .
 I Loved the price , but remember the old saying `` if it 's too good to be true , it probably is '' . When you spray the colonge you can tell right away it 's watered down , after 10 mins of applying fragrance the scent disappears.People save your money and buy it from a department store . I was going to buy another colonge from these guys but I 'm glad I waited and will never purchase another perfume/colonge from here again !!
 I bought this scent thinking that since I like Sung I would like HEI . Unfortunately I really do n't like it at all . But it was worth a try !
 I have worn this cologne for over a year , and this product is not only fake , but i want my money back . You could n't smell it after about 30min and I was soooooo pissed ! UNREAL !!!
 Not at all happy with this product . The only way the smell stays is if you spray it a bunch on your shirt , etc. . and then only that one spot gives off the scent -LRB- not like cologne/perfume where the scent carriers -RRB- .
 Well the price was good but we got the wrong thing . And the one we got smells like dirty water .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Facts : - The barrel is not made of ceramic and tourmaline . - The barrel is a metal barrel covered with a ceramic/tourmaline coating . -LRB- I was cleaning the barrel when I noticed there was a small mark where the coating happened to chip off of the barrel . -RRB- - The ceramic/tourmaline coating did not perform as advertised even in conjunction with anti-frizz and anti-humidity products . - The spring for the iron is extremely loose . - The On/Off button is poorly placed . - The heat setting button is poorly placed . - The iron does heat up very well ; however , the tip of the iron is not insulated from the heat , which makes it almost unusable if you are accessing one of the higher heat settings . - The curling iron stand is not insulated , which may present a possibility for a burn if you are not aware.The curling iron did curl my hair beautifully , but the curl did not last once I stepped outside . It did not matter if the weather condition outside was dry or humid , the curl simply did not last . I have used this curling with Kenra Thermal Spray and Matrix sleek.look Iron Smoother on separate occasions ; both are good , salon quality products . I received the same results when using the Curlmaster curling iron I purchased from a local Sally 's Beauty store.It is possible another user may encounter better results since hair types are so varied ; however , I would not recommend this curling iron in general because it is falsely advertised as a tourmaline infused ceramic barrel , when it is not , the coating appears to be composed of tourmaline and ceramic and should be clearly advertised as such , and because it does not produce the results , again as advertised .
 This product alone did nothing for me , that I liked . It left my hair feeling dry . Had to use a good amount of shampoo to get it to feel clean . My hair fell more than usual . Would not waste my money on this product again . And also because I found a good organic shampoo at Walgreens without the need of a conditioner .
 I have used this shampoo for awhile now and I have to say that it 's just okay . I am a wash and air dry girl , I rarely apply styling products . After using it for more than two washes in a row it tends to not do it 's job so much , I 'll still start to get build-up on my scalp along with dry hair and have to switch to another shampoo and conditioner , then come back to this . The smell however I find is very invigorating , and really wakes you up in the morning , it 's also sulfate free which I find also to be a plus because I do n't like to use a lot of chemicals on my hair . The conditioner that goes with this shampoo is very thick , and very moisturizing so much though that I can not use it on my scalp I can only use it on my ends . When I use it on my scalp I appear to have oil build up by the end of the day . After I finish using what I have I doubt I 'll ever buy the combination again .
 I USED to like this product but had n't used it in a year or two . The latest bottle I bought said , `` New and improved with added essential oils '' . Oil is right . I liked the first wash or two , and then one day washed my hair and immediately drove to the hairstylist to have it put in an updo . She remarked how flat and dull my hair was , and that I should have washed it that morning . Seriously ? I realized after that day that it is the shampoo that is making my hair greasy , flat , and dull . TERRIBLE !
 Did n't lather as well as I would have liked and did n't leave much of a smell behind .
 I 'm trying to avoid SLS -LRB- Sodium Laureth Sulfate -RRB- and was thrilled to find this product . It smelled so amazing and it was n't due to artificial scents so that was a big plus , but it totally fell short as a shampoo . I expected that it would n't lather much , but it was n't very easy to spread through my hair . I rinsed it really well until my hair `` squeaked '' , but when it was dry YIKES it looked like it was mega dirty and lifeless . As though I had n't washed it in days and it felt like it too . There was a greasy residue . I was SO disappointed I felt the need to rewash it to fix it and even after using another shampoo , it still was n't 100 % clean . I wanted to like this , but shampoo is supposed to make hair clean , not greasier .
 I was not happy with this shampoo , smells great but dried my hair out real bad even after using the conditioner .
 I bought the product to provide a clarifying option that was organic . After reading reviews I was very excited to try it out . However , this shampoo smell is so potent . It left my hair feeling heavy and limp . It was a big mistake . I pity all that purchase it . I only gave it two stars because the ingredients are so good , too bad it smells and feels so bad .
 I love this shampoo , which is gentle enough to use every day when I need to wash my hair too often because I 've been working out on consecutive days . However , the style of the top opens easily , so it 's not good for travel . Also , do n't buy it from eSavvy -- they shipped it to me in a padded envelope , and the top partly opened inside the package , dumping about two ounces of shampoo . It 's pretty obvious that it would leak if shipped like that . I 'm out of this and it 's hard to find locally , so I kept it , but I was pretty peeved .
 Some things I loved about this shampoo :1 . True lavender scent ; not exaggerated , synthetic , or altered like other cheap -LRB- Suave -RRB- products . Has an aromatherapy benefit outside of whatever other benefits it claims to have .2 . Some organic ingredients and general lack of chemicals3 . Relatively inexpensive for a product with organic ingredientsDespite these benefits , I would n't buy this shampoo again . My first issue is that I have trouble believing any non-medicated shampoo really has a noticeable thickening effect . This shampoo certainly does n't . I get better volumizing results from blow-drying or curling my hair differently . -LRB- My only caveat is that like any beauty product , YMMV . -RRB- My second issue is that like many `` natural '' products , this shampoo had a thin consistency which forces you to use more of the product to get a good lather . A thinner consistency probably means the shampoo washes out better and does n't leave residue , which may be why some people see a volume lift . To me , it just causes wastefulness.Lastly , I 'm tired of these flip tops on shampoo bottles . If you store it in a shower bag , it 's got a 50 % chance of flipping open and leaking all over . You 're better off buying a shampoo with a closing lid .
 i was really excited when i came across the organic haircare line since i am trying to use personal care products without parabens and other harmful chemicals , but i have been very disappointed with the effectiveness of the products . my hair has always been very thick , shiny and healthy and after a few months of using the lavendar shampoo and conditioner my scalp was dry and itchy and my ends became dry and brittle . at first i did n't attribute it to the shampoo but after going on vacation and using a different product for about a week i noticed a significant improvement - my hair looked much healthier . i have now switched or another organic shampoo -LRB- australian organics -RRB- and am much happier with the results.also , upon my initial recommendation my friend also bought the lavendar shampoo and had a similar experience - dry , brittle texture , so i know it was n't just me ...
 I must start by saying that I really respect Avalon Organics as a company . I am a huge fan of their lavender hand & body lotion and I really like their ingredients.That said , I mounted an anti-SLS initiative after discovering that SLS is the reason my skin has looked so awful for so long . So Avalon 's Lavender shampoo was the first thing I tried.For the first few days , it was wonderful . Smelled heavenly . My skin cleared right up ! But by day 4 , my hair had started looking dull , and two weeks in , I had a visible buildup on my brush as well as my hair.I had to do some amazing things to get the accumilated gunk off of my hair . And I had to switch to Giovanni 's Non SLS products which immediately I noticed , do not leave a build up.So my two stars are for the beautiful scent and the fact that Avalon has other really fantastic products . But I ca n't recommend their non SLS shampoos-I hope they will try to address this and create one that works better at a later time .
 This product does not have a little tin foil sealant under the cap . As a result , this shampoo can spill out . I had this shipped with a larger item and it spilled out all over the box . I lost a good portion of it . It 's good shampoo , but I will not buy it through Amazon again unless they put a bit of tin foil under the cap to prevent spilling .
 I was excited to try a different organic shampoo . I have alot of thin curly hair . I was really hoping this shampoo would volumnize it as it claims to do . However , I have only used it 4 times , and it actually seems to make my hair more flat . : -LRB-
 Well the price was good but we got the wrong thing . And the one we got smells like dirty water .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not at all happy with this product . The only way the smell stays is if you spray it a bunch on your shirt , etc. . and then only that one spot gives off the scent -LRB- not like cologne/perfume where the scent carriers -RRB- .
 It stings , and does n't do anything . I 've used this for years now , thinking it was working ... just finally noticed how with clean and clear this stuff and face wash , I have n't had a clear face since 3rd grade . -LRB- I 'm 19 -RRB- :[ -LSB- I just have oily skin , random break outs all the time , not too bad , but seriously ... can I just have a clear face most of the time ? Instead of never see one ? Going to a dermatologist soon to see whats up . And in Jesus name I receive my clear face !! : DDJust saying though ... everything -LRB- -LRB- except for the oil blotting clean and clear sheets-love that stuff -RRB- -RRB- from clean and clear does n't work for me . I 'm sure it does for some people . Every body has to find , I 'm sure , what fits there exact skin type .
 I have a regime of facial products that I use to keep my skin smooth and blemish-free . I usually use the clean & clear astringent for sensitive skin , but when I went to the store , they only had the deep-cleaning astringent . So I bought it , and when I put it on at night , I was horrified to find that it burned my skin . Not just a mild sting , but full-out , want-to-rip-my-face-off burn . I immediately washed my face and moisturized . The only reason why I gave it 2 stars is because it does actually work , but it hurts . a lot .
 Short of a couple of blackheads here and there , I do n't get much acne . I wanted to use this to try and clean up said blackheads , when they occur . I do n't have sensitive skin or anything , and typically astringent usually stings a little at first when applied for me , but this was downright painful . It hurt really , really bad . Ouch .
 I love my Microfiber Bath Towel , so I thought that the hair turban would be a perfect compliment to it ! I do like how it wraps up my long , thick hair -LRB- with room to spare -RRB- , but I do n't think it absorbs the moisture in my hair any more than a fluffy regular towel . Actually , it gets extremely soaked after just a few minutes in the towel . I would n't purchase this product again . Instead , I would buy another bath towel and use a hair clip to keep it up .
 There are a couple nice aspects of this product
 Quality seams good but , unless you have a LOT of hair AND a large head this will probably not fit .
 I bought this against the reviews that sited this towel does not work as well as previously owned microfiber turbans . I wish I listened to them . It really does n't work well and , as stated in a previous review , does n't even work as well as a regular cotton towel . My hair naturally dries quickly , and with a true microfiber towel it dries super fast . That is not true with this . I will need to buy another product .
 I guess this would be a great product if you have a small head . It does n't fit mine so it was a waste of money .
 After readings the reviews for this turban , I was very unsure about ordering it . I ordered it anyway and it was way too small for both me . I gave it to my daughter to try -LRB- she has a smaller head than me -RRB- and it did n't fit her either . I ended up throwing it away .
 So - I read another review about this item lifting hair color prior to making this purchase and truly just figured she must have used temporary color on her hair -LRB- sorry to have doubted you -RRB- but I had the same problem !! I get my hair colored professionally and with permanent color and it was n't my first wash after having it done . I wraped my hair in the turban , did a few other things for about 15 minutes then dried my hair . When I took my whites down to wash them later that day I saw redish streaks on my towel - I have blond highlights with redish streaks mixed in . My red is now lighter then it was after 5 weeks between treatments last month . Bummer ! I 'm never using this turban again . I do n't know how it did it but it lifted my color !
 for people with long hair it is much to complicated to get on and takes way to long . By the time I got it on my hair was alomost dry . Definatly not worth it for people with long or thick hair . Would not buy again !!!
 I needed to replace my twisty turban that had worn out , and decided to go with this one based on the good reviews . First , I do n't notice my hair being any drier after taking this off , it does n't seem absorbent at all . Second , due to the tight elastic , my hair has started breaking at the hair line due to wearing this . Now I have a bunch of little wisps of hair that stick up ! Third , I do n't like that the loop is a rope instead of elastic , it makes it difficult to latch to the button .
 This hair wrap needs some upgrading . The pattern is the correct shape and size but the elastic is too short and tight . The elastic is sewn to the casing so there is no way to loosen the elastic . If it had longer elastic making the wrap much looser I would give the product five stars .
 I love this turban . It enables me to dry my hair without wearing a huge towel on my head . It 's lightweight and extremely absorbant . I have been using one for more than 5 years . I 'll never go back to usung a regular towel for my hair .
 dried out my skin - but i DO have really sensitive skin.i used this 3 times and binned it .
 I 'll start with what I liked about this cleanser
 I have been applying this cream 2 times a day for almost three months , and there has n't been any changes in my scars from Chicken Pox -LRB- I had Chickenpox/Varicella 8 months ago -RRB- . However I 'll finish the second bottle -LRB- I bought 2 together -RRB- and let you know if something happens , because they said you have to use it for 3 to 6 months ; and that 's the only reason for my 2 stars .
 This brought my skin out into a blotchy rash . I have sensitive skin but not ultra sensitive usually . Would not recommend .
 The cologne is good , but my main complaint is that the damn cologne took too long to arrive . What a horrible customer service provided by Amazon ... Why im not surprised ???!
 I purchased this perfume bcoz its shows Eau de Parfums but this seller sent the Millesime Spray and they said that this perfume only comes in Millesime Spray . . not a happy camper ... need my money back please !!!
 I purchased my previous BaByliss from my hairdresser . It worked wonderfully . Unfortunately it gave out on me after one year , but I loved it so much I opted to purchase another . At the hair dresser 's it cost double what they were charging online so I was thrilled to find this one . However , the one I received from Amazon - same model - was not nearly as powerful as the one I purchased from my hairdresser . BIG disappointment . I 'm inclined to buy another one from her and chalk this one up as a loss .
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 I have always had pretty weak nails . I used for last few months Nailtiques Formula 2 and it really made my nails stronger and longer and I was pretty happy with it but then my bottle got empty and I -LRB- foolishly -RRB- decided to try something else . Nutra Nail hard as wraps had -LRB- when I placed my order -RRB- single 5 star review so I thought it must be good . I should have done more research . After I already placed my order I did review search on a drugstore webpage and there star numbers were very different . Two and a half stars from 16 people total . So before you buy it do some more research then just what this webpage offers.Here are my pros and cons.pros - it works ! It does n't let your nail break that easy.But . . cons - My Nailtiques Formula 2 was in the same price range and had 0.5 fl oz . NutraNail hard as wraps only has 0.17 fl oz . and with just 4 layers 1/3 of the bottle is gone . - It does n't really do anything for the nail itself like other strengthers do . You put a layer on your nail , then add activator layer and between the two of them it hardens and becomes like a milder version of artifical nail . - You cant remove it with regular polish remover . You have to have artificial nail remover . Which I had to buy thank you very much . - it is very difficult to apply . You have to clean the brush with brush cleanser liquid they give you and that alone is not enough . I kept dipping my brush in it and it didnt cleanse it well enogh , it became very hard and unusable . I had to use another brush and dipped it into cleanser and then rubbed it on the back of my hand to make sure everything comes off . How stupid was that ? two minutes later the back of my hand was covered with hard layer I couldnt get off any other way but using metal footscrubber . So you better make sure you have a sheet of paper at hand when you start applying it.-it smells very much like one of those superglues that can glue your fingers together if you are not careful . In fact I wouldnt be surprised if thats the base of it . This and the fact you have to use fake nail remover to get it off makes me worried what will happen with your nails if you use it long term . - it does n't apply on evenly . I feel the bumps and ridges on almost every nail.-some of my nails dried very fast while others were sticky for hours . Tho I did tried to apply the activator as fast as possible . Go figure . - it started chipping pretty fast.All in all I think Im gon na go back to Formula 2 . I want my OWN nail to be healthy and long not just to be under protective shell . And when some people say that indeed Hard as wraps can make your nail grow longer with just few weeks then - of course , if you have a glue or fake nails over your own nails , of course they will grow long but what shape are they in ? Ive heard enough cases when people who use fake nails end up with their own nails looking yellow and soft as porridge . No thank you.The bottom line is with other strenghtners -LRB- those that work -RRB- your nails will be strong even if you remove strengtner for a week or so . But when you remove hard as wraps in the best case scenario , it stays the same as it was before you put it on -LRB- meaning-weak -RRB- and in worst case scenario it will be worse then it was before -LRB- artifical nail effect -RRB- .
 This was an impulse buy from Rite Aid so I did n't have the benefit of reading any reviews before purchasing . This is just like a DIY gel nails kit minus the fake tips . It was nigh on impossible to get this stuff to go on smooth without bumps or ridges , and I found that even with three coats on they cracked after just one and a half days . I 'm not that active a person and certainly was n't doing anything rough enough to warrant them cracking so soon after applying . All in all a waste of ten bucks . I wo n't bother with it again .
 This product does n't deserve to be on the shelf . Make a mess and my nails were lumpy and I followed directions perfectly !
 As soon as I opened the package I knew something was off with the gel , as it was rock solid . Inside the bottle the gel was hardened all the way through . Would have liked to try the product but will now have to return it . Maybe I will buy elsewhere .
 not happy-stuff was totally dried out and unusable It was a waste of money and I will not be purchasing it again
 I was very disappointed from constantly frizzy hair results . I have used this product several time with different stuff added to my hair to increase chance of firm curls , but no luck . The worst was when I wanted to use it once again after 2 weeks and the steaming jar didnt work properly . Almost not at all . I do not recommend this product .
 I have fine hair and either I am not using it right or steam is just not a good way to curl my hair . Maybe if I had thick luscious hair it would be better
 My hair is usually perfect for styling - healthy and shiny , and I usually have excellent results with all kinds of curlers . I wanted to try this product as a more healthy alternative but did not reach the results I was looking for . I was getting the old fashioned fluffy big hair Farrah Fawcett look instead of the more modern sleek look I was going for . No matter how much I experimented with it , the result was a bit messier than desired . I believe it is the result of the moisture , as well as the softness of the foam rollers . Additionally , for someone with long and thick hair like mine , even the jumbo sized rollers are not large enough but shrink if you wrap it tightly in an attempt to get cleaner curls . It seems to be an ideal product for achieving natural looking curls without causing much damage , if you do n't mind it looking a bit messy .
 When I received this product , the rollers -LRB- that were in several different baggies -RRB- all had a moldy musty smell to them . So far , soaking them in several soapy solutions has n't helped . They work , but I would suggest that they be used for young girls -LRB- tweens/teens -RRB- as they do n't keep a lasting curl . My thick hair would not hold the curl they produced . Even on my granddaughter 's fine , long hair , the curl tends to brush out easily .
 I ordered this item based on the logo on the side . My daughter has a horse named Bella . The bag I received was `` Bella The Flower '' in Italian . Item received was not what was pictured . Would not have ordered if I had seen what I received .
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 After ordering this product I waited and waited for a shipment confirmation and tracking number . I sent several emails to the company and never recieved a reply . When I called the receptioinist disconnected me several times and was unable to assist me herself or at least did n't want to . Only after my estimated shipping passed and Amazon became involved was I able to at least find out that my product did ship . Although they still hav n't been able to provide a tracking number and the order still has not arrived !!! Beware if you are ordering form this company !!!!! Especially if you do n't have 4 weeks or more to recieve your present .
 I was looking forward to finally finding a product that truely smelled like coconuts ... but this was a huge dissapointment ... it isnt even listed on the ingredients !!
 Product does n't really do anything more than blow air . It does n't appear to do anything with the ultraviolet light .
 This thing only fits very small hands . My wife does not have large hands and besides you can only dry one hand . oh did i mention that the included fan is noisy.I will not try to buy this type of gift for my wife again .
 This product is not original . I lost my money buying this perfume on the Internet sold by Amazon . It does not smell the same like original Boucheron .
 I was sent the small bottle instead of the 3.3 oz pictured here which was also pictured on the site where I bought the bottle.This was not what I thought I was ordering . If you are selling the smaller bottle then SHOW the smaller bottle.Anyway , I will not order from the person again ...
 I was expecting a product with the same quality than those which are sold in the big stores such as J.C. Penny or Macys . However , this perfume is pure alcohol base that evaporate in minutes . Not even my cloths or my skin keep the smell for more than 10 minutes of used.Overall the product was shipp at the expected time .
 Not happy with this purchase . If you look at the picture it shows 6colognes . You do n't get six , you get four . Second , the picture showsDrakar Noir and Polo , among other fragrances-you do n't get the ones that are shown . I was trying to get all of my Christmas shopping done and did not realize that what was shown was not what I was buying . Seems that if you scan down the page the description is what you actually get , not what is shown in the picture . How deceptive can you get ?
 Afterhearing the rave about this product , I decided to give it a try and I was very disappointed and really do n't understand what the rave is all about . However , I purchased the Palmers Cb Moisture Gel Oil SPF # 15 7 oz and liked that one better . But as for this one , it did not do anything it was suppose to do and as for me a waste of 8 bucks .
 I used the Rogaine foam faithfully/consistently for 7 months , but I did not see much difference at all . It must be my bad luck to be in the 15 % of the population for which this product does not work . That being said , if you 're going to try it , here are some things to keep in mind -LRB- which other reviewers have noted , as well -RRB- :1 . You have to apply the stuff twice a day for the rest of your life , or at least as long as you want to try to thicken your hair . Although it 's not the worst discipline , I grew weary of having to do it . Too much trouble , I found .2 . It 's expensive .3 . As others have said , it works best just to spray it directly on the crown of the head .4 . I do n't think the odor is bad . It dissipates after a few minutes , anyway .5 . Definitely use the foam , not the liquid solution . The liquid solution is horribly messy.Hope you have better luck than I did .
 Such a waste of money and if you stop using it , the hair that grew will fall out . I would n't recommend this product .
 I started seen a bald spot on the crown of my head and also a receding hairline so I decided to give this product a try . 1 month into using it , it not only has gotten worse , Rogaine seems to have accelerated the hair loss process . Some people say one must wait and keep using it but I ma not going to be completely bald before I stop this nonsense . I read a lot of positive reviews and they might be true , but as far as me this product has not only not helped , it has actually made it worse.Now I 'm just saving my money for some sort of surgery . If you ask me what to do about an early stage hairloss I would say
 After 4 months no difference . Guess I am part of the 15 % for which this does n't work . Have switched to liquid as have read that it is better .
 I started having chest pains from using the Rogaine . It felt like I could n't take a deep breath almost like I had extra weight on my chest . I stopped using it because of this and a day after I stopped I thought I was having a heart attack at Wal-Mart and had to call 911 . I was taken to the emergency room . It was one of the scariest experiences of my life . It was determined that I did n't have a heart attach or have any blood clots . I 'm 28 and in such good shape I have a six pack , can squat 425lb , bench 295lb , power clean 272 , snatch 190lb . The point is chest pains are a defined side effect on the labeling so be careful . This stuff can take down someone who is healthy . Same stuff was happening to my friend back in Indiana . He did n't end up in the hospital . He stopped using it and feels a lot better now .
 i used it the discolored spot for 3 wks now . . did not see any improvement . the cream itself is kinda thick . when i use it overnight or through out the day my face got more oily than usual . I will not buy this product again .
 This stuff is sucks . It is way too thick and does n't wash out easily . They market it as natural but it is n't
 This is a very thin water like product . Does n't hold well . Very runny . The same company makes a thick gel I prefer much better .
 I really wanted to like this product because it uses all natural ingredients and the packaging is cute . However , my two-year-old son hates it . The few times we tried it , he either cried or became irritated and wanted to get out of the bath , the exact opposite effect we were looking for . The point is to encourage a child to want to take a bath , right ? The smell -- a combination of citrus and other ingredients -- is also very strong . In fact , I think there is so much citrus -LRB- acidity ? -RRB- that it stinging our son 's eyes and maybe even his skin . There are little or no bubbles , which is also no fun . Even we -LRB- the parents -RRB- think it 's too powerful , and we only used one capful -LRB- the directions say you can use up to two -RRB- . If even we would n't use it in a bath , that 's when I know it 's not right . Finally , it 's expensive . I like supporting unique , environmentally friendly products , but we will not but this again .
 Too much Lavender for my liking ! I like the fact that Jao is heading in the right direction from Purell but still find it drying -LRB- and not completely natural ingredients PPG , Petrochemical Glycols -RRB- .
 ... Who thinks this smells bad . I ca n't even really describe how . I guess it might have a hint of old lady and a couple other smells that just do n't fit too well with me . Bad decision buying this without smelling it first lmao . Oh well .
 I 'm used to using White Diamonds and love it . This was cheaper so I decided to try it . I 'm very disappointed . I like that the scent is soft , but it has no personality to it , and does n't last more than an hour on you.I 'm going back to my White Diamonds .
 I would like to buy a Silver Brush/Comb set for my daughter but not sight unseen ! It 's hard enough to tell the quilty with just a photo and without one ... No Way !
 I ordered this based on the image on the Web site . If you are seeing a bottle showing a 40 % bonus , and an indication to hurry there is limited supply , you can forget receiving that product . It will be the 8.5 oz . size . This would be okay if they showed the size or indicated anywhere that the image was incorrect . But they do n't . I contacted the seller and they said they do n't have any control over the image ... i.e. caveat emptor . As of this review , the image that no one seems to be able to control , stills shows the oversize bottle.Perhaps a small thing , but that kind of deception gets a one star from me.Still want the product , order it . But now you know .
 It works decently for a natural children 's product , for a little while anyway . After an hour , my daughter 's wavy hair is a frizzy mess again .
 I bought this hair dryer and had to return it in less than 1 month , when the on/off/setting switch broke . Poor design - the switch is located right where your hand holds the dryer , so any movement of your hand can change the settings and wear the switch out quickly . Also , I kept inadvertently pushing the cool button , since it is also in that area . Also , it was very heavy - My bicep on my right arm is bigger than my left now ! I gave it 2 stars because it was nice to have the multiple settings , but overall , it 's poor quality .
 After having a Vidal Sassoon dryer nearly explode -LRB- fan paddles broke , then dryer sparked -RRB- in my husband 's hand , I decided to buy a different brand . Usually , even though I use hair dryers on a daily basis , they tend to last more than a year . This dryer has lots of blowing power and several settings but NO HEAT even on the high heat setting . If you just want to dry your hair quickly and not style it , then maybe this dryer is for you . I have had it 3 days and it 's going back to the retailer .
 I used this hairdryer every other day for about 10 min to dry my hair and after about 1 yr it started to smell like electrical wires burning and it would spark . I stopped using it and called for a replacment . I had to send the original one to them and pay for shipping and they sent me a new one . It worked great at first but then just totally stopped after a few months . It would n't turn on or do anything !
 I am very dissapointed with this Conair item , it takes me forever to dry my hair , and it 's very heavy ! Do n't buy it !
 Ceramic Speed Styler by Conair is very SLOW and after 6 months of use it has now become even more slow !!!!!!!! I came across CONAIR hair dryer model 1875 and it was really very good . I saw this in one of the Hotels during my vacation . It was awesome . But the sad part is I am not able to find it online or on CONAIR website : -LRB-
 For me this deodorant works well for about 2-3 maybe 4 hrs , later on bad odor begins to come out . I am not going to buy another one , have to look for something else , organic too .
 Being an avid Howard Stern fan , I tend to listen to him when it comes to products that he likes . He was searching for a deoderant that did n't contain aluminum because there are studies that link aluminum to certain cancers . He came upon Nature 's Gate and was so happy that he found an aluminum free deoderant since he is very health concious . I decided to also try this product . Shortly after purchasing and using it I realized that it had no staying power for body odor . My job does n't entail any physical labor but by the time I would get home from work I noticed that unwanted aroma wafting from my arm pits . I immediately stopped using it because I want to smell like a female , not a physical laborer . Shortly after I stopped using it , Howard starting mentioning on air that he was smelling ' a whiff ' with this product and he has since stopped using it . So , this product MAY be safer to use health wise but stink-wise it does n't cut the mustard .
 I love Nature 's Gate products , especially their shampoos and face wash so I figured I would give their Lemongrass and Clary Sage deodorant a try since the last natural deodorant I found without aluminum actually had Triclosan in it . The scent was great but it lost its effectiveness about halfway through my work day -LRB- mostly computer desk work -RRB- . Unfortunately the second day I decided to use a fair amount more given that it was not as strong as normal deodorants . After working out I found that my underarms were very swollen , red , and irritated . Apparently I must be allergic to something in the deodorant . Possibly its the sage i 'm allergic to as I have come in contact with lemongrass many times even in drinks so I 'm gon na keep using Nature 's Gate stuff but I might veer away from their deodorants for now . Allergy sufferers be careful and test it lightly first .
 I got this for myself , thinking out would be a pleasant smelling natural deodorant . The smell was much too strong for me to wear . It smells like old school Old Spice . I smelled like my dad , circa 1988 . I gave it to my boyfriend to use , and it works for all of two hours before he starts to get ripe again . I will not buy this scent again .
 I 'm with the others . It has a great smell to start with , but once you heat up it fails you , leaving you smelling worse than you would have without deodorant . I also had the irritated skin and raw -LRB- bright red -RRB- look .
 I have the same problem as another reviewer . It smells absolutely fantastic for a couple hours . But then it degenerates especially when you sweat . The resulting smell is heavy and musty and worse than your own regular body odor .
 I go out of my way to avoid certain chemicals in products . Parabens and phthalates being towards the top of that list . How this company can get away with calling this product `` natural '' yet it contains PARABENS is beyond me . Worst of all , I did n't realize this until after visiting their website to check . I did n't see that information on the Amazon site . Beware . Might get good reviews , but this is n't natural .
 Smelled really fresh but did n't work at all . As a bonus , it acted as an adhesive and I had black sweater fuzz stuck to my not at all fresh armpits when I got home from the office after my first and last day using this product . Oh well .
 It 's ok looking for a more sustainable one has a musty scent almost looking for something with better scent because Iam active a lot
 Unlike another reviewer , I actually love the smell of this deodorant . However , the effectiveness is just plain awful . Under normal usage , I 'm lucky if I go half the day before it 's like I 'm wearing nothing at all . I ca n't even go an entire work day without it wearing off . That 's terrible . I 've used Axe or Right Guard for the past 12 years or so , and they provide 24 hour protection , so I have n't smelled my armpits since I was in my teens ! I honestly think this stuff might have ingredients in it that CAUSE your armpits to smell ! I never , ever stink or smell , but after wearing this stuff , I smell like pure B.O. at the end of every single work day . It 's incredible . This stuff is garbage ! Back to Axe I go !
 I found that this product did not work for me at all . Maybe it would work for someone else , after all , our metabolism is different .
 I really wanted to like this since it smells good , like musky tree bark . I put a bunch on , but after 2 hours , there 's no longer any scent . There 's no horrible odor but there 's no longer any musky scent . I walked 6 miles and it was gone , this was in winter . No point in getting anymore .
 I use it at every water change and it works ok but seem to keep ph a little low , around 7.5 - .7.8 .
 This stuff was sticky , did not let my makeup go on smoothly . I discontinued use after a month . Dont waste your money .
 Well , another flop IMO . The product is A gel consistency . Think of hair gel . When applied , it 's very sticky . You can feel it on the face . It does absorb but its not light and not if you perspire a bit on a hot day . I 'm not a fan and had big hopes for this product . Also , not for sensitive skin ... anywhere you may be prone to break outs . This one caused quite a bit of trouble for me . Every now and then I 'll put some on my forehead just to make sure I stand by my review ... and I still do .
 My hair is naturally wavy and frizzy . The curling iron does a great job of taking the frizz out but destroys my curls , it works more like a flat iron in my hair
 the iron does not curl my hair !! it does dry hair more than anything . i dont think i will use this iron anymore . i am suprised of good reviews . i expected to see big curls but it seems that it does not make even small curls .
 I dont get what kindve hair this works for . Im half latina , I look caucasion , people say my hair is black , but seeing family I dont consider my hair black , I have thick straight hair , and a lot of it . I used very little hair to see if I could curl it , I heated it up to a high setting , I kept it in my hair for 15 secs , it was very hot , as I had touched it to my head by accident , practically nothing happened except for the very end was curled . Seeing I was new to curlingn irons I looked up youtube vids to see what I was doing wrong , I tried 2 techniques , rolling the hair around the shaft , then clamping , and clamping the end and rolling up , still nothing , Im keeping with my straightner to curl , its ceramic , curls last long , and it actually works ... reason I looked for something else is that my particular flat iron has a gap that rips my hair out . IDK why people like this , except that it seems like a sturdy machine , it is a bit heavy .
 does n't hold my curls very well . Took a long time for the curls to even hold , it felt like i was holding this curling iron in my hair for at least 5 minutes per section . I would curl my hair and spray the curls so they would hold but within an hour they had fallen out .
 This is black with a maroon glitter.It does not blend well , the coverage is a bit spotty , not nice and smooth . I really dislike it . I use it with a liner brush and a little water . You do n't get any of the reddish glitter that way though , it just looks like a dull black liner . I do n't care for it this way either , but it 's the only way I can even figure out how to use it . : /
 Ordered this product and the eye cream from Gabriel but the ingredients did n't match what was on the Gabriel website , and I have used this cream -LRB- purchased from Wholefoods -RRB- for over a year . Website boasts some great ingredients including sea algae , sweet almond oil , avocado oil , and shea butter to name a few . But the products I recently received had stickers placed over the old ingredients and those stickers listed cheap ingredients ; no marine algae at all ! In fact , the first ingredients are water -LRB- with some aloe -RRB- , wax , and glycerin . Other ingredients are maltodextrin , which is sugar from corn . So why the bait and switch ? Buyer beware
 The worse hair dryer I have ever used . The heat setting is either too `` HOT '' or LUKEWARM . No way to tilt the bonnet so that you can dry the lower back part of your head , and it is extremely difficult to open the dryer and to lower the bonnet . I suggest that anyone considering purchasing this product , ask to see it demonstrated BEFORE you make your purchase . This is a very poorly made product and not worth the price . I bought it because of an emergency while I was away from my home ; however , I would not recommend it to anyone .
 Horrible smell . It smells like kerosene . Do n't like it at all . I will probably end up putting this in the trash .
 Could it be old ? It has a dusty smell , not fresh at all ! I think the bottle must have been sitting around for years .
 I 've been using Royal Copenhagen for the past 40 years and this is absolutely NOT Royal Copenhagen . The smell is similar when smelling it in the bottle but remarkably different when applied . It has a muskier smell and is nowhere near as pleasing is REAL Royal Copenhagen . This knock-off is going down the drain because neither my wife nor I can tolerate the smell . What a waste !
 This smell is not good . The package was terrible . Leaked all over during shipping and due to Amazon 's return policy . You can not send it back . That 's what you get for ordering cologne over the internet .
 too strong cologne . I would not buy again . . I wanted something instead of buying deodrant . . N ot that I wanted it as a replacement of regular good colognes.I read other positive reviews and thought I can not go go wrong witha $ 20 dollar product . . I might be better off with a cheap deodrant or a more expensive good cologne like dunhillit is strong to extent of `` stinks ''
 Got this Cologne yesterday and opened it was not what I ordered at all . I have been using Royal Copenhagen for over 30 years now and have never had a problem like this . Something is really wrong either its old or something . The smell/odor is not the same . Love this Cologne and now I am stuck with an 8 oz . bottom of crap that will be going down the toilet .
 The on line directions for this eye compress say to chill or microwave it . If you buy it , as I did , because an ophthmologist recommended warm compresses you will be disappointed . The directions that come with it say never to put it in a microwave and that advice is printed right on the compress.Fire & Ice Eye Lid Compress - 1 - Pack
 Product was to be del . by the 17th and still has not been shipped . They took my money and I have no product . Big Mistake ! Gave one star bcuz that 's the least I can rate .
 I developed an allergic reaction to it . The licorice-like aroma was heavenly , but after using it , I developed a horrible itchy rash that lasted a few days .
 Spend what I though was a lot of money , but stridex pads at Walmart are just as effective and cheaper
 I have dry , sensitive skin , so this one is too light for me ... does n't even touch the problem.Plus , please be aware that this lotion has NO SPF protection at all .
 Product arrived , with yellowish bottles , when opening it smelled awful and would make my skin itchy . I 've always use Dove with no problem and this is not a great product . Wish I did not spend my money on it .
 I usually do n't review products . However , I am forced to post this review on the Vincent Longo Jumbo Foundation Brush as it really failed to impress me considering the cost . It is already broken and I never enjoyed using it prior to that . It did n't spread well and it was difficult applying my foundation . Infact I am happy that it is broken so that I can justify the purchase of another one . Bad bad brush .
 I was looking for something that smelled more like sage , but this one smells like just cedar . I know this is just personal taste but did no like the smell . I thought it was a little stinky . Also not such a good value . It is a pretty small soap bar.I was disappointed .
 The picture on the site looks like a small spray but its not , The bottle was not sealed and 1/3 of the perfume missing , looks used + the box came in slightly crushed.Not HappyRC
 I brought this item thinking that this products was original . It 's very obvious that the box has a bad quality , the labels at the botton of the bottle , besides this product does n't have the code from an original manufacturer . It 's going to be the last time I buy a perfum on the Internet .
 I purchased this for my wife . Her is her take on the product
 Ususally I buy Amarige by Givenchy from the sky mall when I travel . This one has nothing to do with the original that I am used to . It smells like the imitation one sold at the dollar store . I am very disapointed .
 This does n't smell like the perfume you get in a fine department store . Smells like a generic or watered down version .
 The perfume is awesome but I wanted this bottle for traveling and the top does n't close tightly . I will use it up but only at home .
 I have over 30 colognes and I think this one is terrible . If you loved HUGO as much as I did -LRB- may be my favorite cologne -RRB- and just HAVE to try it , make sure you get the SMALL first !
 I purchased Kalo direct and used Kalo correctly and faithfully for two years . They said it ` takes time . ' I saw absolutely no improvement . I do not recommend this product .
 I have tried this shampoo and conditioner for the last month and it has done nothing but make my hair dry and unmanageable . I have wavy hair that is now frizzy from this stuff . I had hoped for more because it is a higher priced set . However , it has let me down . Since I can not return it -LRB- because it was opened and used -RRB- , I will not be `` trying out '' any other beauty products from this site .
 From an African American hair texture point of view ... not all that its hyped up to be . I decided to make a go after the sample sizes , because I was not sure if I wanted to pay the fifty something dollars for shampoo and conditioner . I was highly disappointed and not to mention it did not leave my hair any softer then when I 've used other products with olive olive , proteins and aloe in them . It actually felt very drying to my hair . I guess if you have oily hair this is a wonderful product for you to use , but not for all hair textures across the board . I did give it 2 stars though , because it did do a good job of clarifying . I was excited to receive this product because of its natural ingredients , but I question its purity . For me it was a big NO .
 After using this product for nearly a month , I see no improvement in fine lines or elasticity , however , I now have acne . The product feels great when you apply it , but you awake to very dry skin . In addition , I have developed acne . I know new products can cause acne , but typically after a week it clears up . The acne did not clear up for me . I plan to throw out or use on my hands instead ... then go back to neutrogena products . I am also using the day shift and do n't know which is causing the acne , but I assume both are .
 This product has been used for 1 month . My hair has not grown at all , and was so dry and brittle I had to get it cut short.This product has ruined my hair .
 THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT REALLY . ONLY IF YOU BELIEVE IN MAGIC AND FAIRY DUST WILL THIS PRODUCT WORK . DONT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID AND BUY IT BECAUSE IT GON NA BE YOU NEXT WRITTING THIS MESSAGE .
 Someone told me to use this product becuase it helps your hair grow at a faster rate . Well after using it for 6 months YES I did notice my hair grew a little but because of this product I had REALLY BAD acne on my face . Really bad acne !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! As soon as I stopped using this product the acne dissappeared like it was never there . I learned my lesson - NEVER AGAIN !!
 I HAVE BEEN USING THIS PRODUCT FOR OVER A MONTH AND HAVE NOT SEEN A DIFFERNCE IN MY HAIR . MAYBE , BECAUSE THE INSTRUCTIONS SAY YOU NEED TO WASH YOU HAIR EVERYDAY ?!?!? WOULD N'T WASH YOUR HAIR EVERYDAY DRY AND FRIZZ YOUR HAIR . ANYHOW , I WILL NOT SPEND MY MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT AGAIN .
 The scent was not like lucky # 6 at all . i was really disappointed . The scent did not linger and stay with you . I gave it to my niece . I no longer like the new scent . I think that they change the formula .
 Find the scent very watered down from what I had been purchasing in the stores , do n't think I will order again .
 I would have wanted to know the strength of the fragrance , if mild , very mild , strong , etc. an estimation of how long the fragrance last on body or clothing , and return policy from the vendor . In my opinion the fragrance was barely noticeable after a couple of sprays .
 Compr&eacute; este perfume por algunos buenos comentarios , sin embargo cuando us&eacute; esta fragancia qued&eacute; decepcionada , no reuni&oacute; mis expectativas . Tiene un intenso olor a pachul&iacute; . no estuve conforme con esta compra .
 This package was paid for and never delivered and never refunded for ! I have no access to the ups claim because they already filed and did not follow through ! I will never purchase from them again and recoommend everyone else stay clear .
 I was so looking forward to trying this perfume , and was truly disappointed . While it is known for being a `` light '' scent , the scent is practically non-existent . There 's nothing there at all . It 's such an attractive bottle too . It 's not that I like heavy or overpowering fragrances , but I need to have something that I know is there . Maybe people around me will notice it , but so far , I have not . This may be the perfect scent for the office , enclosed quarters , because there is no way this scent will knock anyone out with a punch .
 I keep using the whole 2 bottles I bought since the reviews are so great , but did not help at all , actually make more oil and flakes on my hair .
 My VS 526 was working great until one day I noticed the chord started getting extremely hot . Two weeks later , it began getting even hotter . And just about ten minutes ago , it popped in my hand . There was huge spark and loud pop , and I am shocked I was n't burned . I am so thankful for that that it even made come here and write this review . Please be very careful .
 My wife had this hair dryer for years and it worked perfectly well until just recently -LRB- 9/12 -RRB- . A few weeks ago she used it to dry her hair , turned it off and placed it on the sink counter as she has always done . About one hour later we heard it , completely on its own , start running at a very high speed for about 10 seconds and then stop . By the time I entered the bathroom to see what was going on I could detect the very strong odor of a burnt electrical device . I discoverd the very hot hair dryer on the sink counter and the counter top scorched black . This thing could have started a fire ! If you have one I suggest you dispose of it immediately before it burns down your house .
 I just broke my VS hair dryer that I had for a couple of years so I was happy to find this model on Amazon . However , it just does n't work as well as my old one . The low setting is not hot enough so my hair ends up frizzing . If I use the high setting it blows the breaker . It 's going back .
 I use D&G Light Blue and love it ! But this stuff was not very appealing at all . Thankfully I only bought a sample !
 I ordered this on Feb. 3 -LRB- for Valentine 's Day -RRB- and it did n't ship until a week and half later , THEN I got a guaranteed delivery date of Feb. 17 , which it did n't make either - even though that was AFTER Valentine 's Day . I ordered roses from another Amazon vendor on the same day -LRB- Feb. 3 -RRB- and they arrived Feb. 6 ... So no excuse for this kind of delay . Vendor refused to respond or try to resolve !!! VERY BAD service , I do not recommend this vendor !!!
 I have had a hard time with this product . I ca n't get it to work . It is stringy and by the time I can get it to my brow it is too cool to do any good . I 've tried with it a little cooler but to no avail .
 I was suspicious about the product for months as the price was very low > and the fragrance was very very weak . I contacted the seller and they said > no problem - they would send me a PRE-paid UPS lablel and get a full > refund . I then took there bottle and walked over to Creed Corporate on 67th > street and madison ave NYC - This is a Creed Corporate store - they > immediately compared the sellers bottle with the real Creed and said it was > a FAKE - there is a lot of writing on the back of the sellers bottle and it > stated toilet water - the real thing has no writing and Creed does not > make Toilet water . The the seller canceled my refund as they said I have no > proof and it exceeded 30 days . The bottom line is I caught them - they are > frauds and amazomm supports frauds and I will not under any circumstances > remove my feedback - so amazon - PLEASE REFUND MY MONEY , They > also advertise au de parfum , , but its not its toilet water not made by creed as they dont make toilet water , and worthless .
 I needed to get a new one to replace the last one that I bought from neiman Marcus , I did my homework and found out that Fragancenet has some decent reviews , so I placed my order , I was excited to get a SM for a fraction of the original . UNFORTUNALLY i learned my lesson , what I received was a cheap fake-imitacion of the original . I sent it backof course . IF you have never try the original from NMarcus you do not have a point to compare . So I save my money and got the Original . !! you may had a better luck ; if so , please post the site where you got your fragance . THX
 Luckily I had a bottle of real Silver Mountain Water to know the difference . Was purchasing this as a gift for a friend -LRB- I think SMW is the best Creed scent : -RRB- They did a good job mimicking the top notes but you can tell this is fake because in 5 minutes you wo n't smell anything -LRB- fake devoid of middle/basenotes -RRB- . My original bottle I can wash the garment and STILL smell remnants of the scent . Do n't be fooled.These are easy to spot because of the arabic writing on the bottom of the box.Got a quick refund sad to see this is still being sold on Amazon . DO NOT BUY HERE .
 As soon as i got it , i noticed that the bottle was used before in a way . . i could tell that the perfume is weak and actually different , more like fake perfume . . so i decided to return it . However original creed is very strong and attractive .
 The sampler smells slightly different than the stuff I buy at Sacks Fifth Ave. Not sure why . Might be a knock-off .
 Smells good , but is obviously a knock off . `` Made in Franoe `` No worth the money , but still smells okay . Spend the extra money and get a real product . Trust me
 its good but nothing special and this scent for females not for men no doubt , in addition its expensive not worth this price .
 I bought this from amazon and it said sold and delivered by amazon itself . This purchase is the reason why i dont buy perfumes online anymore . It didnt come sealed and the product didnt smell like it was supposed to . It was not totally full either . this is my second consecutive defective perfume i order online and i have only order 2 in total . the first one was a polo sport from AAA merchants which was fake or old and it was not sealed either , and then this one . very bad , the original one is good for day use and thats the reason i ordered it in the first place . Now i always try it and buy it in stores only eventhough it costs twice and sometimes more .
 I read the previous review and made my own research . I want to share the result , because it is scary . `` Nanoparticles present possible dangers , both medically and environmentally -LSB- citation needed -RSB- . Most of these are due to the high surface to volume ratio , which can make the particles very reactive or catalytic -LSB- citation needed -RSB- . They may also be able to pass through cell walls in organisms , and their interactions with the body are relatively unknown -LSB- citation needed -RSB- . '' If my skin-care products contain nanoparticles , I do n't want to use them . You make your own decision .
 NANOPARTICLES ???? I was in the process of re-ordering this item until I read the description . Apparently you 're using the public to ascertan whether or not these nanoparticles are safe . Thanks a lot , Lancome ! Not on MY face !
 Tova used to be wonderful . i would put this on in the morning and it would last all day . i would be at the grocery store after working all day and someone would say , `` You smell good . What is that ? '' The fragrance was lasting and very unique ; not like any other . It has not been the same for some time now ; the scent is like alcohol . When you spray it on it only lasts for a few minutes and then is gone . Tova ! bring back the other formula .
 If this product did n't contain any of the harmful ingredients below or any other harmful ingredients I would have given it 5 stars.The Good : -- Most of the ingredients in this product ARE really great . -- I like that I know what each ingredient is . -- The product smells great . -- The product feels great on the skin . -- The product rinses away well leaving my skin feeling amazing . -- MADE IN THE USA -- Not tested on animalsThe Bad : -- Really good marketing . -- This product contains methyl/propyl parabens , used as a preservative -- This product contains phenoxyethanol -LRB- derived from rose oil -RRB- as a preservative -- This product contains Cocamide DEA , used as a foaming agent -LRB- derived from coconuts but it 's been linked to cancer & miscarriages -RRB- -- My Opinion - I do n't see how they can market a product that contains parabens , phenoxyethanol & Cocamide DEA and call it natural and say that it has the finest ingredients.Parabens and phenoxyethanol are used as a preservative but honey is as well . So ... why do they need to add the parabens or the phenoxyethanol ? As someone who already has PCOS , I 'd say I 've already had my fare share and then some , I 'd rather not take any more chances on tainted skin care products.Here are a few of bits of info I found :[ ... -RSB- 1 . Parabens . Yup - those same ones I 've been assiduously avoiding in my kids ' lotion because of concerns about potential endocrine disruption ? I 've been letting them eat the stuff . My kid 's medicine has butylparaben in it , which evidently affects the fertility of male rat offspring . I know ... I know . Parabens are `` Generally Recognized as Safe '' by the FDA . According to the Chemical Encyclopedia on Healthychild.org however , parabens when ingested are `` slightly toxic . '' All I know is that I do n't want them in my medicine ! -LSB- ... -RSB- June 21st , 2007What Are Parabens And Why Should You Avoid Them.So , what are parabens , you ask ? You may have heard rumors about how you should avoid parabens in the products you buy , but you might be wondering why you should do so . After doing some research a couple of years ago , I decided to no longer purchase any products that have parabens in them . Parabens can be found in shampoos , commercial moisturizers , shaving gels , cleansing gels , personal lubricants , topical pharmaceuticals and toothpaste , while they are also used as food additives . A large percentage of the products we buy for everyday use contain some form of paraben , so it can be difficult to find products that do not use them . But what are parabens and what can they do to us?What Are Parabens?Parabens are chemicals used as preservatives , and that 's why they are found in so many products . They are used to fight bacteria and fungus , are widely available , and cost very little to manufacture and use . Nearly all of the parabens used as preservatives are man-made and not naturally occurring.Why Are Parabens Bad?Now , before we get too far ahead of ourselves , I know that there have been studies on both sides of the argument about what parabens are and whetherparabens are bad or parabens are safe . But because there have been studies that say that it is potentially dangerous and that have linked parabens to cancer , I have chosen to take the precautionary route and not use products containing them when I can help it . Whether or not they are as bad as some say they are , I would always rather err on the side of safety when it comes to my body and health.Parabens can mimic the hormone estrogen , which is known to play a role in the development of breast cancers . Researchers have found parabens in breast tumors and believe there is a relationship between parabens and tumors . And in the July 2002 issue of the Archives of Toxicology , Dr. S. Oishi of the Department of Toxicology , Tokyo Metropolitan Research Laboratory of Public Health reported that exposure of newborn male mammals to butylparaben `` adversely affects the secretion of testosterone and the function of the male reproductive system . '' If a causal link between a chemical and cancer is not enough to avoid a product that can easily be avoided , I do n't know what is . There are a lot of other reports available all over the internet , but most of them are all related to reproductive health in some way or another.The jury is still out on how and why parabens might affect development and growth of both babies and adults . But I decided a while ago to get rid of any products that have it and replace them with products that do n't . There is no harm being more careful with this kind of stuff - remember , things that were deemed safe in the past then came back to haunt us all when we were told that they actually caused all sorts of diseases . And when there are safe alternatives available , I would rather not take the chance that I or future generations develop strange reproductive problems from using a product that was avoidable in the first place.So back to the initial question - what are parabens ? They are chemicals we need to work hard to avoid , period . Be sure to shop for paraben-free products and foods whenever possible , and always read the labels on the things you buy . -LSB- ... -RSB- Phenoxyethanol raises a low level of health concern and is of regulatory concern because : This ingredient is suspected of causing developmental toxicity , according to sources compiled by Scorecard -LSB- ... -RSB- This ingredient is suspected of causing reproductive toxicity , according to sources compiled by Scorecard -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- Natural Skin Care
 This is the worst smell Gardenia perfurme that I have ever smelt . It does not even smell like Gardenias . So I poured it out instead of returning it , becauae it was n't worth returning it .
 It says Free Shipping but this IS NOT TRUE ! When I contracted AAA Perfume , they said it was Amazon 's fault and it should not have said free shipping . I canceled my order , but it arrived anyway . I sent it back , and was told I would n't be charged . We 'll see when my statement comes.Just be warned ; it 's rather expensive shipping charges .
 This perfume is not worth the money . It does NOT last at all . What a joke ! You are warned .
 Not only does it NOT smell anything like gardenias ... the fragrance totally disappears after like 2 hours . I was looking for a reasonably priced fragrance to wear to work , but sadly this is not it.Guess you get what you pay for . Liz could have done a lot better with this one. : -LRB-
 Purchased one a few months ago . Quality was poor ... even consisted of styrofoam filling . do n't believe me ? open up the padding and see what 's inside ! Will never buy again .
 Either i dont have any black heads on my face or this thing is not doing what it is supposed to do . If you dont have huge , blinking black heads you are probably better of with a bar of soap and warm water . I used this product to remove the black heads but it didnt do the trick so i ended up buying the sticky pads and removed the black heads .
 This product is promoted as being all natural , however when I read the Ingredients list I was very disappointed tofind out that it contains a bad chemical `` Sodium Laural Sulfate '' Why would they contaminate their product with this chemicalI 'm sure it has something to do with profit and and shelf life . Anyway I threw it in the trash what a waste of good money .
 I was so sad when I received a pair of size 40 pants instead of the tattoo sleeves i ordered . I had to go buy another chrismas present and now I do n't even know if there is time to return them.I put them in my mail box before i left to go out of town and now that i 'm back they are still here .
 this one was too short and I could barely see it on my eyes . I 'm not a big fan . the ware is okay
 i placed 2 orders1 = 2 vera wang 13 oz @ approx $ 9 . oo ea = i recieved these ... : -RRB- it 's good1 = 1 vera wang 13 oz @ approx $ 23.00 ea which i thought i deleted , but did n't and i have never received it so i can send it back and i am pissed.so ... i 'm leaning on the never 2 purchase online again side of this issue , i can just go to the store instead . . one day maybe i 'll receive the 2nd order ... who knows...602-565-8037
 NEVER RECEIVED IT !!! LISTED AS HAVING TWO LEFT THEN NOTIFIED THEY HAD NONE . STILL THINK IT IS LISTED AS HAVING TWO LEFT !!!!!
 My local Mary Kay representative told me it is illegal to sell Mary Kay products online . I had a horrible reaction to the Extra Emolient Cream and had to go to the hospital . I gave my local Mary Kay representative the serial number on the bottom of the jar and she said the product was over 4 years old . I though I was getting a bargain but it cost me doctor bills and emotional stress . I have been writing since I made the purchase to refund my money but I get no response . I w
 The lids were broken and would not spray . The scent was milder not he same . I am not using it .
 Because it is not packaged with an atomizer or sprayer , it will be hard to use . I would not have purchased it if I had realized it would not spray like by by initial purchase of Poem
 I ordered this product , the gloLoose powder and instead received the gloPressed powder with a gloLoose scanner sticker on it . I contacted the company through Amazon three days ago and still have not had any response ! I am very disapointed in the lack of response . Since I am a prime member and pay to be , I am also disappointed in Amazon as well for not putting a packing slip in the box as well . When I called customer service the representative told me that this really never happens . Guess I got bad luck , wrong product and no packing slip ... think twice if you want to order from them , now I will have to wait even longer for makeup that I ran out of and needed by this holiday weekend .
 I am in the process of returning both of these ! They DO NOT have the scent that I have been using since the mid ' 70 's !!! It 's not me or my nose . As I have the dregs of an older version that still has that ` famous ' scent !!! Please find my scent ! This must be a bad batch!HELP from anyone else who may have purchased this batch created in 2011 , look at the number on the bottom of the product.MAJOR FAN of Shalimar Body Creme , just not this batch !!!!
 The one star is for the seller not the product . I 've been using Shalimar products for years and love them all ! The picture and description says body veil which is a cream . What I received was a tall dark blue bottle of the lotion . Again , a fine product but not what I ordered . As it was a Christmas gift and of comparable value I kept it but will not be ordering from them again .
 I ordered this product , the gloLoose powder and instead received the gloPressed powder with a gloLoose scanner sticker on it . I contacted the company through Amazon three days ago and still have not had any response ! I am very disapointed in the lack of response . Since I am a prime member and pay to be , I am also disappointed in Amazon as well for not putting a packing slip in the box as well . When I called customer service the representative told me that this really never happens . Guess I got bad luck , wrong product and no packing slip ... think twice if you want to order from them , now I will have to wait even longer for makeup that I ran out of and needed by this holiday weekend .
 `` Encourages the skin 's DNA repair mechanism to self-correct '' - I have seen no evidence to prove this . The producers should have to undertake rigorous peer reviewed and properly controlled clinical trials before they can make such claims . Just use SPF 30 - it will protect you 100 times better than they claim their product does . Check their website , their is only highly objective conclusions drawn from their supposedly scientific data , which still have very small differences from pre-treatment -LRB- eg number of fine lines/mm reduce from 0.52 to 0.47 over 4 weeks - barely any difference and you could get the same thing from just using a moisturiser -RRB- . Do n't waste your money on unproven scientific gobble-de-gook !
 I ordered this product , the gloLoose powder and instead received the gloPressed powder with a gloLoose scanner sticker on it . I contacted the company through Amazon three days ago and still have not had any response ! I am very disapointed in the lack of response . Since I am a prime member and pay to be , I am also disappointed in Amazon as well for not putting a packing slip in the box as well . When I called customer service the representative told me that this really never happens . Guess I got bad luck , wrong product and no packing slip ... think twice if you want to order from them , now I will have to wait even longer for makeup that I ran out of and needed by this holiday weekend .
 The blades are dull and crooked . The craftsmanship is horrible
 The cuticle nippers were not as sharp as I imagined it would be . The have to press hard for the cuticle to be cut . Otherwise I would end up pulling at the cuticle and that is not a good thing to do . I felt it was not an original La Cross product given the dissatisfaction it caused me . But I can not be sure of it .
 This shampoo DOES NOT contain coal tar . It 's active ingredient is Zinc Pyrithione . I bought it thinking it had coal tar to take care of my psoriasis but it has done absolutely nothing for the problem !
 I tried this flat iron at the mall and was instantly amazed by the results . I 'm someone who likes to do my research so I did n't purchase it right away . I was so excited when I saw it on here for so cheap ! Unfortunately that 's exactly what it was cheap ! I was going over my hair like 5 times , slowly to get it smooth . Did n't even look nice by the time I was finished . After giving it a shot for a month I realized I wanted a different one . When I contacted the manufacturer they said there was n't anything they could do because amazon sellers are in fact NOT Herstyler authorized dealers . I knew the price was too good to be true !
 I actually really like Euphoria for Men so I was excited to try the Women 's version . It smells very sweet in the bottle , and when I put it on , it was very strong . So strong , in fact , that it gave me a headache . I had to go take a shower because I could still smell it after I tried washing it off of my wrists in the sink . If you like the super powerful , knock you over kind of scents , then maybe one will like this one , but I personally would not recommend it .
 These are so big and heavy . The clips you hook together to make it spring back to an open position do n't stay together so you are constantly trying to re-hook them.Would not recommend these .
 This is absolutely the worst clipper ! It BARELY clips the nail - it 's more of a bend/indent/tear / cut sort of ... Maybe I got a dud ?
 I got these and tried them . I would be better off trying to do my hands with a spoon ! these do not cut , pull maybe , no cut ! dont buy !
 This was a huge waste of money.I 'm not sure if I got a faulty item , but basically they are so dull that they ca n't cut through anything -- the blades actually do n't even touch each other when fully closed . Unless your cuticles are 1 cm thick , this wo n't do anything.Also , it 's huge and bulky -LRB- and I have pretty average size hands -RRB- . These are going in the trash . Go ahead and buy them if you want , I guess .
 I bought this to replace my 4years old one . However , this one is worse then my old nipper ... It 's really dull and not really clipping my cuticle.I regret buying this .
 Item is not that what I expected . It was just like putting on a punmkin peel on with no results at all . You might just as well put the can pumpkin on your face .
 I was looking forward to using this product based on all the positive reviews , but it arrived yesterday having leaked all over , oozing out of the box . NOt sure how to get in touch with the vendor ... .
 This is a nice peel but not worth the cost . You can use dove products that work just as well for a lot less . The benefits do not out weigh the cost .
 I bought this because of the good reviews it had and because I thought it would help with my acne , there was no improvement at all .
 I love that it uses natural ingredients but it was ineffective on my skin . . No skin tingling , no peeling , no brightening , nada . I heard that the company recently reformulated a lot of its products to use cheaper , ineffective ingredients so maybe this is one of those ?
 I actually really like Euphoria for Men so I was excited to try the Women 's version . It smells very sweet in the bottle , and when I put it on , it was very strong . So strong , in fact , that it gave me a headache . I had to go take a shower because I could still smell it after I tried washing it off of my wrists in the sink . If you like the super powerful , knock you over kind of scents , then maybe one will like this one , but I personally would not recommend it .
 At first , I was between getting the $ 83 Narciso Rodriguez 's for her or the $ 38 SJP 's Lovely . Finally , I deciding to purchase Lovely , untried , based on a majority of rave reviews of how wearable and `` lovely '' this perfume is . I had high hopes . I even tried to give it the benefit of the doubt after reading a minority of bad reviews . I got the perfume in the mail earlier today . I really wanted to like it . I sprayed it near my wrist . The initial spray was unpleasant and sharp to the nose . Still , I reserved my judgment until the perfume had a chance to dry down and settle . After the dry down , the sharpness faded into something slightly more powdery , but still I hated the scent on me . Perhaps it did n't mix well with my body chemistry , but the scent did remind me , like it had so many other reviewers , of the dated , old lady smell . Not the classy old lady either . As some time passed as I checked the skin where I applied the perfume periodically in hopes that it will develop into something `` lovely '' , I realized that this perfume started to give me a headache . It never did become something pleasant . This is not something I want to wear to represent me.What irritated me further was when I found out the fragrances are considered hazardous material and are not returnable . I 'm stuck with a perfume I hate . Wasted $ 38 . Would n't even try to give this to a friend . What a disappointment ! I 'm sorry to have to say I agree with those who declared this was not lovely at all . Even now , I 'm smelling my wrist as I write this review with the tiniest hope that it turns out it is n't a headache-inducing old lady mothball perfume.I shake my head in regret in not heeding the warnings of other reviewers .
 I got soap in a bottle of what is supposted to be Lovely by Sarah Jessica ParkerThis is a rip off . An item that is not returnable be aware
 When I got the spray -LRB- Jessica Parker 's `` Lovely '' perfume spray , Lovely Sarah Jessica Parker for Women 3.4 Eau De Parfume SprayI noticed it was a different color than one I had , e.g. slightly orange like and not the pink tinge of the original one . In smelling I noticed that the one recently ordered had a definite alcohol smell , whereas the original I had did not . What a shame . I am sure this was to cut costs and hoping customers woulod not notice . Well I did and will not buy again ... what a shame because it HAS BEEN my favorite . I do wonder if the difference is because I bought on line and not directly in a store . In the meantime , Buyers Beware . Jonina Weeks
 I admit I 'm not a big perfume person . I usually like more fruity scents , but I was trying to find something more romantic for Valentine 's Day . I bought this because it smelled nice on the tester strip . It was my mistake to not try it out on my wrist . Now that I have it , I think there 's a strong soap-like smell , over-powering a musky floral scent .
 Well , I am not sure what all the hype was about . First of all , I LOVE Sarah Jessica Parker and Sex and the City , so I was excited to hear of her perfume . Just by her personality I thought I would like it , and then I saw it on Oprah and could n't wait to smell it . I finally made it to Macy 's , and I must say I was disappointed . I thought it would smell maybe a little more citrus like , and a little less musk like . I put a little on and my roommate said it smelled a little like a man . I do n't hate it , but I would n't buy it without smelling it and making sure it is for you first !
 loved the fragrance-but disappoointed that the scent did not lastpast 5 minutes even though I loaded on much more than I would normally wear . So , I returned it to the dept store from which I had purchased it and exchanged it for a new one . Same issue-the scent simply did not last and I considered myself foolish because I also had bought the lotion at no small expense .
 I really have n't been loving Lovely . It 's beautifully packaged but the smell ! I actually did n't even do a smell test because I thought that SJP would not put a foot wrong . Well , I was wrong . It is quite old-fashioned - like the scent that old women wear , it 's musty as well . The bottle is really pretty but it just is too old-style for me . I 'm going to use it now that I bought it but sometimes I get embarrassed and feel like saying - `` no I do not smell musty it 's this perfume I 'm determined to use up ! '' . Needless to say I 've never received any compliments on the scent . I 'm giving it two stars for the bottle design .
 I love the smell of this perfume . However , it does n't stay on . I have been wearing perfume for 18 years now and have used several different kinds without a problem . I was sold by SJP on this perfume when she appeared on Oprah . Loved it when I went to the counter at the mall to check it out . I have been using it for about 2 months now and it just does n't last . About an hour after I put it on I -LRB- or my husband -RRB- ca n't smell it anymore . Trust me , I learned to apply it liberally and it still does n't stay . Totally disappointed .
 I have used Lovely for a few years and loved it . This purchase is awful , there is no snell . The packaging and bottle look the same but contents not the same . Its like a knock off of the real thing .
 I do not like this fragrance . Smells cheap and to me its not good ! Test at a store before buying ! It may smell good on some people I guess .
 As some people before me said already , this scent is n't THAT lovely . I am a SJP-fan , and I was almost certain I would love the new perfume of this stylish lady.It is n't released yet in Holland , but I found a sample in Germany where it is already released . I was disappointed . The smell is n't bad , but it 's is n't something I would like to smell like . It is n't lovely at all . It is too sporty . I expected something more flowery . The scent reminded me most of deodorant -LRB- cheap brands -RRB- or toilet-refreshener . So , although I am a SJP-fan , I would n't like to smell like her . A pity.My favourite perfumes are -LRB- as a comparison -RRB-
 This was a huge disappointment . I needed something that would last beyond 20 minutes , and this not only did n't last 5 minutes , but I did n't like the aroma and my husband could n't smell it at ALL . I doused myself with it and got right in his face ... NOTHING!I even tried layering another perfume on top of it , but it seemed to kill that perfume , too.I have tried this in stores and liked it , so I 'm pretty sure the bottle I got was beyond it 's shelf life . Unfortunately , I had destroyed all the packaging in the labor to get it open , or I 'd have returned it immediately . Lessons learned . Try to open it gently -LRB- impossible -RRB- , and KEEP everything . If you do n't get a good bottle , put everything in a box and ship it back IMMEDIATELY.I think this is my first negative review .
 The parfum is an older ladies ' scent . It is nice but not young or fresh . The price at Amazon.com is almost half so I did n't blow too much $ $ $ . KIM
 I had sampled this perfume in a Macy 's store and it was lovely , but the price expensive . I saw it on Amazon and ordered it . It was n't the same fragrance . Other than that I am happy with the items I order from amazon
 I work at a dept store and I saw this perfume I decided to give it a smell it smells to strong and like it was made in the 80 's not like the new fresh scents of today . Not the worst I give that award to Tabu the worst smelling perfume ever but definantly something I would n't want .
 Love SJP but was disappointed in her Parfum . Very common and one dimmensional ; lacks sophistication and complexity . Did n't find it subtle and could n't wait to shower it off . That 's just one girl 's opinion ; I 'm sure there are others who might feel differently ...
 I bought this item due to the rave reviews ... . Well it does n't smell so lovely - I literally hated the smell - grrrrr - it smells like an old woman 's perfume : - -LRB-
 Was hoping this would live up to the hype . Read a lot of women say , `` imagine Sarah in sex in the city and this is exactly how she 'd smell '' -- no way . I 'd really like to sell the $ 40 bottle I got . The smell is awful , old lady scent -- no offense . I 'm particular about stuff I like especially scents and this is one of the worst smells I 've collected .
 If you like Musky smells , you 'll like this . I Hate it but that 's me.Gave it to my Mom she loved it . If you like floral / powder / fruity smells you wont like this .
 Look I can not complain that the scent is different . I really had preferred the scent to most others I have . That is why I ordered it again . I even have had sarah jessica parkers other scent dawn . BUT this time this perfume 's scent does not last . It may last 15 minutes tops . I do not know if it is the manufacturer nor do I have time to figure it out . I just will not order this product again .
 I expected this perfume to smell light , airy , and for some reason I had imagined some sort of citrus bent to it . Not so ... it 's appalling . Another reviewer said it reminded her of old lady perfume , and it really does . It smells like rosewater mixed with hairspray . I wish I could get my money back and let SJP just how awful her product is . She 's all over the place shilling this junk , she should be ashamed .
 I mistakenly ordered the wrong item for my wife 's Christmas gift and wanted to return it . Amazon wo n't let me return it because it is considered flammable . So when ordering be sure your item is not classified as hazardous -LRB- perfume ? -RRB- or you will not be able to return it . There was no mention of this when ordering ... so buyer beware !
 I bought this fragrance for my sister for her B-day and when I finally gave it to her it smelled just like old mothballs that you find in the back of the closet with a floral scent . So it went back to the store and I got a full refund . Do n't buy this product you will be wasting your time and money .
 OPRAH LIED TO ME AND SAID ON TV THAT THIS IS THE BEST . I FELL FOR IT AND I BROUGHT IT AND THE SMELLS STINK . IT DONT LAST ALL DAY SO NEVER AGAIN WILL I BUY IT . THE WORST PERFUME EVER .
 I love the smell of this perfume . However , it does n't last . I have been wearing perfume for 18 years now and have used several different kinds without a problem . I was sold by SJP on this perfume when she appeared on Oprah . Loved it when I went to the counter at the mall to check it out . I have been using it for about 2 months now and it just does n't last . About and hour after I put it on , I -LRB- or my husband -RRB- ca n't smell it anymore . Trust me , I learned to apply it liberally and it still does n't stay . Totally disappointed .
 This scent is not even close to what I thought I was purchasing . Apparently it smells very different depending on what environment you are in . At home , this scent is overpowering and gives me a headache . I do n't even want to think of wearing it again . To make matters worse , Amazon will let not let you return it ! Try it out at many locations before purchasing from Amazon .
 if i gotten to read these 1 star reviews i might end up of not ordering this perfume . dissappointed !!! doesnt even last for a minute and the smell disgusting !!! the shipment so slowwwwww !!!
 I bought this from Amazon about a week ago ! I 'm sure this came from a merchant through Amazon ! Well I purchased this based on previous reviews by others . Well , when I sprayed this on , it reminded of a floor cleaner ? It was very strong , loud , with a dry down of rose ?? Eeeewwww ! I had a hard time washing it off . Never again will I buy a fragrance from here !! Buyer beware ! In the trash can it went !
 I have used Lovely for several bottles . This is the first one that the perfume does not stay on . There are not many reasons why the perfume does not stay .
 My wife asked me to buy her this perfume because she used it before and liked it very much . This imitation we bought on Amazone did not even come close . She was very dissapointed , $ 37.50 wasted !
 I could n't wait to buy this perfume after smelling a sample on a magazine strip . Not sure what they put on the strip , but it 's not what I got in the bottle . My main complaints are
 When I first received my fragrance I was very happy , after two weeks everything changed . Several squirts were not lasting even two hours . I contacted the company that supplied it with this discrepancy . At first they were not very receptive to doing anything because 14 days had passed . After a lengthly conversation with a higher up they agreed I could return it for testing and they would issue a new one to me . This was my first experience purchasing fragrance online and I 'm not sure I 'll do it again . It cost me another $ 6.15 to ship it back and it 'll probably be another two weeks before I get it .
 After hearing Oprah 's rave reviews of this perfume , and seeing that it was one of her Favorite Things for 2005 , I thought for sure I 'd love it . I ran right out to the nearest department store for a sample of it ! I just had to see for myself ... Well , I was NOT impressed . The scent is so strong and overwhelming that it actually seemed to `` catch '' in my throat . I accidentally got some on my hand and after four hand washings I could still smell it . I guess , for those of you who like this perfume , that 's probably a good thing.Anyway , I think this perfume is too `` old lady '' for my taste . It reminded me of J. Lo 's Glow . Which I also have and do n't like.For comparisons sake , perfumes I do like are Britney Spears ' Curious , Clinique Happy , Escada Island Kiss and Lucky You .
 Such a disappointment . I love you SJP but , to me , your Lovely perfume smells like nail polish remover . In fact , I met up with a group of friends and immediately recognized the nauseating smell of this fragrance on a friend 's girlfriend . After hanging out for a bit one of my guy friends yelled , `` Why does it smell like paint thinner in here ? '' I was really embarrassed for the girl wearing it . Hopefully she remained clueless since all noses are different .
 I bought this product because of all the good reviews . This was not the fragrance I expected . I did not think this was lovely .
 Lovely has such strong flowery and citrusy notes . It 's the type of fragrance that gives you an instant headache . I did n't like it at all.It 's far too strong -LRB- Hit you over the head strong !! -RRB- . It arrived at my place of work , and my co - workers were also turned off by it.I love trying new fragrances but this one was a major flop .
 I am not too pleased with this purchase . After all the great reviews , I was expecting more . But may be ok for the price
 I truly enjoy this parfum , I have purchased this item many times through Amazon.com until now the product has always been what I have ordered until this current order . The seller `` Pretty Princess '' DID NOT SEND what I ordered , they subsistuted my order without informing me of the change , they are unavailable for emails and never responded to my repeated requests for a review of my order so I could receive what I ordered . Amazon issued a credit to me and I am very happy with this . This is an outstanding product and will be ordering it again but not from this seller .
 I went to the department store to test this fragrance out . I was so excited to try and thought for sure I would just love it , especially after seeing SJP on Oprah talking about the fragrance.It smelled to me alot like old lady perfume . It was gagging . And the `` clean '' smell was alot like the smell of Sure Deoderant . I wo n't be buying this fragrance at all . It was a real dissapointment !
 I had high hopes of liking this perfume , especially since Oprah raved about it and it is represented by SJP . If you like a strong flowery smell -LRB- old lady -RRB- then you 'll love this . Definitely not for me .
 You know Like may others I got this because of everyone saying how much they loved it . And I was looking for a more grown up smell . Sadly I HATED IT ! it smells to peppery when you first spray it for one . And its really reminds me of old women or a bingo hall . Even when it dries down I still think it smells gross . I own the new SJP NYC perfume and love that one . I think this one was made popular because of Orpah -LRB- shame on you . . lol -RRB- Now Im stuck with a smell I wont be able to wear til im 70 .
 Ok . . I bought into all the hype about this fragrance before it even hit the shelves . I bought it sight and smell unseen . Mistake . I love S&TC , love SJP , but DO N'T love this musky scent . My former boss even told me to never wear it to work again , as it made her nauseous !
 Not subtle at all - very overpowering . This scent gave me a headache and was so strong that I had to shower again just to get the scent off of my wrist .
 I do n't know what happened . I used samples of this product last yr . and liked it tremendously . I just recently bought the regular size of this product and used it for 2 weeks and it dried out my skin , it also made my skin peel and feel very tight . They had to of changed the formula . These are not the same ingredients I used when I bought the sample package last yr . Needless to say I am returning this product along with the Supreme Polypeptide and Pumpkin Renew which also dried out my face , made it peel , and broke me out . I am 49 yrs . old and have not had a problem with pimples in years until using these products . Now my skin is very much off balance .
 Let me start off by saying that I 've used other MyChelle products and been happy with them ... so I do n't know what happened with this product . Less than five minutes after I put it on , my face was starting to feel a little tingly but nothing uncomfortable . I went into the bathroom and much to my horror ... my face was bright red . I look like I have a terrible sunburn ! Stay away from this if you have extra-sensitive skin like I do .
 I think they may have changed the formula on this , because I have used it in the past and loved it . Now it lists a few ingredients that are not listed on the current Amazon ingredient list . The smell is completely different , enough so that I had to wash it off my face and use something else . It smells to earthy for me , but you may like it .
 I have been a devotee of this product for several years now . Was n't the least bit worried when I saw the new packaging because I was sure the formula had n't changed . However , what was in that jar was not the same thing I have been using all this while . The Deep Repair Cream used to make my skin feel enveloped in moisture , but not heavy , just beautifully , perfectly moisturized . With this jar , I felt like I needed two applications in order to keep my skin from feeling dried out . The conditions in my apartment have actually gotten less dry lately since the heat has been on less with the warmer , more humid weather . While the old formula used to be super concentrated and I could use very little and feel completely moisturized , I went through this jar in twice the time , so its just not worth the money to me . Changed to a different organic brand that my esthetician recommended , and it works the way Deep Repair should . Too bad , I really like this company .
 I was SUPER excited to try this product ; I 'm on a chemically-conscious cosmetic binge and My Chelle products came up in my search to find the perfect skin care solutions.READ CURRENT REVIEWS of this product . The only reason this cream has 4/5 stars currently is from 3-4 year old reviews back when the formula of the cream had n't changed radically . I read both current and past reviews and decided it would be worth my while to try the cream regardless of the complaints regarding the formula change . I regret this very seriously , as this cream has caused my skin to break out pretty intensely . I never have pimples on my forehead -LRB- have n't since I was 15 and I 'm 24 now -RRB- and I suddenly have breakouts occurring all over my cheeks and forehead . It sucks , but it 's part of trial and error.Take it from me
 Baggallini Complete Cosmetic Bagg - The Bagallini cosmetic bag is not as well made as I would expect from them ! I have three of their other style bags and love them ! This bag 's material is thin and translucent -LRB- not their usual -RRB- , and offers no padding or protection for your contents , which may be fragile . The compartments are not well thought out -LRB- too large -RRB- and are impractical or impossible to access without other items cascading elsewhere out of the bag . Access to some compartments require you to twist sections of the bag upside down while hanging -LRB- very awkward -RRB- . The most annoying aspect of this bag is the single zipper tab , where two would have made more sense . It is difficult to locate and access contents quickly . The hanger is flimsy . Although I love the turquoise color I chose , I would not recommend this bag to anyone !
 The bag as shown has a velcro closure for the handles . No velcro closure . It was advertised as the original Baggalini , but it has less storage inside . The one that was delivered the zipper was ripped on the interior . Save you rmoney , buy something else . I returned it .
 I started using this serum about a year and a half ago and it really seemed to help control my acne . There were a couple of times when I ran out and , while waiting for the next bottle to arrive , my skin would flare up . However , it seems that the formula changed and I now get allergic bumps all over my forehead when I use it . Other MyChelle products -LRB- MyChelle White Cranberry Cleanser , 4.4-Ounce Bottle -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- andMyChelle Clear Skin Serum , 1-Ounce Bottle -RRB- still work great for my sensitive skin , but be wary of this one .
 I had high hopes for this product . I received a sample which seemed to be helping my tired , congested skin , so I thought I 'd go ahead and order a full bottle of it . I had read so many great things about it that I was sure that it would create some visible results in my skin . Sadly , this serum did nothing for me . What other reviewers said about the pump and packaging is true . It does tend to waste and leak . The smell is sort of strange and it lingers on your hands even after you wash them , which is rather annoying . I guess it just does n't work for my skin , which is a bummer .
 ok . it did sting a little when I put it on . but for the most part it made my just washed face feel dirty . real disappointed with this entire line of skin care
 I buy products from mychelle , I am charged , but until now not sent this products and never reply to my emails and facebook messages , too bad , I will never buy mychelle products again .
 The product came with no box . In addition there are obvious fingerprints on the bottle.I do n't recommend buying this item !
 If you like buying brand new eye lash curlers every few months , then you wo n't mind this La Cross brand . It 's one of the best I 've used . However , good luck trying to find refills . No wonder they give you a free `` refill '' with it ... after the pad is worn out , you 'll never find another good replacement pad . The generic pads flop around inside -LRB- since the LaCross curler pad tends to be longer than the generic and fits tighter -RRB- . I even emailed LaCross but they say they do n't carry them . -LRB- How much could it cost to put 3 in a pack and sell it ?? -RRB- Seems petty , but would n't you be mad if you bought an electric toothbrush , a water filter system , or a razor and could n't find refills later ?
 This eyelash curler does n't fit my eyes , the only reason I buy it is for the 4 refills I can then use in my 16 year old Revlon curler - the only one that actually fits my eyes , maybe 16 years ago people had different eye shapes ?!? So to sum it up
 I finally figured out why so many women are complaining that they ca n't find eyelash curler pads to fit their older curlers . So , women are buying new curlers , but complaining that the new lash curlers do n't `` fit their eye area '' and/or just do n't work correctly . I held this new curler -LRB- and 3 others I purchased -RRB- up to my old curler and noticed how FLAT the newer lash curlers were compared to my older model . They are MADE IN CHINA . Go figure , China is manufacturing goods to fit the `` Asian '' eye which is narrow and flat compared to a European or African-American eye which is larger , rounder , and has more curve.Where can I find a lash curler that has more depth to it !? Anyone had any luck ?
 I was hesitant to purchase lipstick without actually seeing it first but , went ahead anyway . I was happy when the package arrived however , when I opened the package I saw a small , dirty box . Inside was the lipstick , very true to color when I removed the top and looked but , at the same time it had a stale , rancid smell which immediately indicated to me that this product had probably been sitting on a shelf for some time.If I 'm going to pay over $ 10 for a lipstick , it better be new and smell fresh . BEWARE .
 love the fragrance . worth every penny . but this sampler is sent in a package that has `` sample not for sale '' written on the back . shame on me for purchasing it .
 I have ordered many things from Amazon in previous years and I have always been satisfied . But i did not realize that there was a no-return policy with perfumes and colonges . I use Irrestible by Givenchy and a friend recommended Organza . I ordered it , opened one end -LRB- in case I wanted to return it if I did not like it -RRB- Ha HaI hate the fragrance and since Amazon will not take it back I am stuck with a $ 45.00 bottle of Parfum that I can not stand . I still order from Amazon BUT with much care.I will never order perfumes from Amazon again . I have returned things to QVC and Sephora without questions being asked from me . But I bought me a real hard lesson with this purchase.Emily Whitfield
 The Organza by Ginenchy for Women does n't smell the same as my previous bottle . I wasextremely disappointed and would never order perfume again . Perhaps it is a knock-offon the original perfume , I have heard that is a problem when buying perfume on the internet.Dee
 Sres . este producto que compre no ha llegado a libertyexpress Miami , ni a Venezuela . Informarme del caso.necesito respuesta en caso
 This is not at all the perfume it once was . I finally found the original smell in the department store - Organza Indecence . Givency should make it clear to the customer that they messed with the product .
 I purchased a bottle of Givency Organza through Amazon from a seller called Hott Perfume , and they sent me an imposter . I noticed it as soon as I smelled the very first spray . The perfurme I received was absolutely not Givenchy Organza . I 've been using and purchasing this perfume for over 10 years , I know exactly how it smells . The perfume I received smelled Nothing like Givenchy Organza . Another indication was the perfume itself , the color was darker than the real Organza , the bottle 's front design is not frosted on the real organza bottle as it is on Hott Perfume 's imposter , the lettering is bolded on the imposter bottle and most importantly , the cap is a smooth shiny gold on the imposte 's as opposed to a frosted gold on the real Organza . If you do not want to have to suffer the way that I did , having had run out of perfume on the very day I received this imposter bottle I was extremely , extremely angry and upset , and because so , having to pay additional for express delivery for a replacement bottle and having the added expense of having to return this imposter bottle to Hott Perfume.Therefore , if you want to receive what you order , Do Not order perfume from Hott Perfume . I am not generally a harsh person , but wearing this perfume is very important to me , if it was a small difference , such as a lighter or a stronger scent , but the same scent , I would n't have had a problem , but this was not the case and I simply had to write this review to prevent others from suffering the same loss .
 Very disappointed with this product . I do not believe that it is the real Parfum . The color is different and the aroma is not the same . I have been wearing Organza for twelve years and this is not what I have bought in the past .
 I am very disappointed with this purchase ... the fragrance is NOT the real thing . It 's not the original Organza perfume ... it 's mostly water . Maybe the only thing real about it is the package ... pay a little bit more and go to Macys !
 The Organza that we ordered in December is not what it is supposed to be . It is much lighter in color than what we already have , and does not have the same strong smell as the old . The smell does not remain very long at all.It makes us wonder if it is actually Organza from Givenchy or a fake?We would like to know if anyone else has had the same experience with the product they ordered!What can we do about this ?
 I was disappointed to find out , long after I placed the order , that it was not available . I had to make an inquiry , as the seller did not contact me about its unavailability . I was disappointed , as it was a holiday gift .
 I was so upset when i received my package . Amazon was very misleading in their marketing of Givenchy Organza idecence . I was under the impression that i ordered Indecence but was delivered plain Givenchy Organza . Amazon will not accept perfume returns . I feel completely duped and disappointed as i am a very good customer .
 Received the gloMinerals gloBlush in Spice Berry very quickly , however the first time I used it , it just broke up into pieces once I touched it with my blush brush . Very brittle must be very old cant use it .
 Received the gloMinerals gloBlush in Spice Berry very quickly , however the first time I used it , it just broke up into pieces once I touched it with my blush brush . Very brittle must be very old cant use it .
 Scissors and comb came in a zip lock bag , not a sealed package . Not what I expected . Too much of a hassle to return . Used ?
 I have not tried this product , but the label on the product picture is misspelled -LRB- `` GeniSphere '' -RRB- . I wonder if this is the real thing -- or a copy-cat version of `` GeneSphere '' -LRB- the real product -RRB- .
 dont buy , all the combs broke . if u pack it in a overnight bag , it will def break in half . a mess / now im lookingto buy an andis comb dryer
 Do not buy this dryer if you want to use it to straighten your hair ! The brush attachment does not stay on when you try to brush your hair dry . I have very curly hair and have been using this type of dryer for over 20 years to straighten my hair . This is the first time I have encountered one where the hair brush does not stay on . I called Conair and was on hold about 10 min . The first person I spoke with told me I could buy another attachment for $ 4.50 . I told him the product was brand new and I was not going to pay for a another attachment when it was probably a design flaw . Then he suggested I return it to where I purchased it , as they have no warranty - the customer just has to purchase new parts - really , are you kidding me ??? Next I spoke with the floor supervisor who told me the same thing or suggested I send in the entire unit , at my expense , of course . I could n't believe it - Brand New and they want me to pay - I had to verify again with him that they do not back up their product . I 'm going back to the Vidal Sassoon Brand .
 I loved this dryer to begin with , it works very quickly and smoothed out my curly hair really well . After having it about 6 months now it has begun to overheat almost immediately into the drying cycle . I have literally found charred pieces of my hair in the sink and the bathroom smells like burning hair . I liked it so much I may buy another and give it another chance , but not cool to have to replace it so quickly !
 I do n't usually leave reviews but , since I 'm going to return this product to Amazon , I thought I take the time to comment on why . The dryer is fine ; it does n't overheat and yet it still drys quickly . The major problem with this dryer , though , is the brush attachment . No matter how many times I 've tried to snap the brush in place , it continues to come off while I 'm drying my hair . There 's not much point in an attachment dryer without attachments !
 Bought this to replace another Conair that burned out . This one lasted several months before it began shooting sparks out of the base and caught fire . It had been handled gently , banged on nothing , and except for the flames shooting out looked brand new . Very dangerous product that does n't deserve its Underwriters Laboratories seal .
 I have used these brush attachment hair dryers since the 3rd grade ... which was a while ago . This dryer is one of the better dryers I have used with a big BUT . The dryer works great and does n't short out / over heat like many of the other brands do . HOWEVER , the brush fell off the first time I used it and will not stick back in the grooves . I have it attached by hair bands and it less than ideal .
 I have bought this brand of hairdryer for years but this one is AWFUL . I have to tape it together to keep the brush attachment from falling off .
 I was under the impression that I could get style and volume from this device , but it did n't do too much of anything for my hair . I have relatively straight and fine hair , so it dried my hair with no problems , but it did n't look like I had styled my hair at all . I ended up with a weird in between straight and blow out look . If you 've got wavy or textured hair , this could help dry and straighten it before you then style it , but for me it just did the same thing my blow dryer does .
 I am so disappointed with this hairdryer . I have been using this hairdryer for 15 years and have never had a problem with it . This one however would not attach the brush part to it . Every time I would put it thru my hair the brush would fall off on the floor . I threw the box away before using it because I did n't think there would be an issue since I have used this dryer so many times .
 Useless ! Poor engineering . Thoughtless . A complete waste . Attachments fall off as they expand from heat during use . Did n't anyone test this product before it went on the market?A complete outrage + I certainly would never consider another Conair product in my lifetime . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 When purchasing your item I was not made aware that it was not under the Australian standards I do not have an American power point in my home no one does here in Austraia , so this product is useless to me and I have no return address to send it back to . So if you can help me with this problem I would very much appreciate it . Conair sd6x 1875-watt ionic styler
 I had a wonderful previous model for many years that died so I figured I 'd go with Conair again . I have shoulder length hair that 's wavy and use the brush attachment to straighten my hair . Within a few seconds the brush attachment falls off ! I tried taping it on with packing tape and the heat melted that . I have to keep attaching the brush and put it on LOW setting and go very carefully ... even then , the brush falls off . It takes me forever to dry my hair now . I see they make another model -LRB- ceramic , more expensive -RRB- but someone reviewed it and said the brush does n't fall off . I would say try that one . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this one unless you plan to use it with no attachments -LRB- in which case a regular blower would do -RRB- . I am really surprised that a company like Conair would put this on the market with this obvious flaw .
 This dryer works really well , but the attachments wo n't stay on . I 've used a Conair dryer for a number of years without this problem . I wo n't be a repeat buyer .
 I am have researching hair dryer stylers . I purchased this item from Sears and thought it would work . I used the brush attachment which kept falling off . I thought it was defective but I saw no chips in the frame of the attachment . It did not dry well and even after styling it was still frizzy . I used Herbal Essense anti-frizz leave in cream no mousse though . I guess it depends what type of hair you have -LRB- ie . thick hair vs. thin hair -RRB- . I would recommend you buy this styler from a walk-in store so if it does n't work for you you can return it without having to pay return shipping . I also noticed this styler is available at CVS , Walgreens and Harmons . I have tried other stylers and still have not found the right one for me .
 I was glad when I got this hair dryer . It was not great but i thought it did the job just about O.K. . The dryer is very loud and it is not easy to handle . But the bigger problem with it was that it stopped working in three days . What more can I say then if it works then good for you ...
 Do not buy this dryer if you want to use it to straighten your hair ! The brush attachment does not stay on when you try to brush your hair dry . I have very curly hair and have been using this type of dryer for over 20 years to straighten my hair . This is the first time I have encountered one where the hair brush does not stay on . I called Conair and was on hold about 10 min . The first person I spoke with told me I could buy another attachment for $ 4.50 . I told him the product was brand new and I was not going to pay for a another attachment when it was probably a design flaw . Then he suggested I return it to where I purchased it , as they have no warranty - the customer just has to purchase new parts - really , are you kidding me ??? Next I spoke with the floor supervisor who told me the same thing or suggested I send in the entire unit , at my expense , of course . I could n't believe it - Brand New and they want me to pay - I had to verify again with him that they do not back up their product . I 'm going back to the Vidal Sassoon Brand .
 This hairdryer stinks ! If you try to use the brush with it the brush finds a way to work its way off the base . Very frustrating ! I have long , thick hair and I need the brush to get that smooth finish that I like . Since the brush is always flopping off , all I get is aggravation . Look for another hairdryer , this one will make you furious !
 I love connair hair dryers and Stylers and have Been using them since i Was a kid . The machine is great as allwAys but the accessory falls down . It is made of bad plastic .
 I wish o could return this but its too late . I just oepened the box to use it and the brush just keeps popping off . Horrible .
 Basic hairdryer . . The brushes always wear down , but I am used to that . I wish you could order just the brushes and not the combs , since I do not even use the combs . I have to always buy a new hair dryer when the brush gets flat.EDIT
 For my hairstyle , I need a hairdryer with a brush attachment - and they are hard to find . Unfortunately , the brush part falls off some of the time .
 I had high hopes for these nail scissors and am very disappointed . My nails are not thick at all but the cut is crude ; it 's hard to guide the scissors into the corners of the nails as well . I do not recommend this product .
 Its such pretty color on the picture and its actually very very light in real ... too different!I was very upset ! dont buy online if you really know the name
 I ORDERED A LIPSTICK FOR THE FIRST AND LAST TIME FROM THIS COMPANY . I WAS VERY EXCITED TO RECEIVE MY PACKAGE SO QUICKLY ONLY TO BE EXTREMELY DISGUSTED AND DISAPPOINTED CAUSE MY LIPSTICK IS USED !!! I WILL TAKE PICTURES AND POST THEM ON HERE SO YOU CAN SEE HOW DISGUSTING THIS IS ! WHOEVER USED IT AND SENT IT TO ME MUST HAVE THE MOST DRIEST AND UGLIEST LIPS EVER ! YOU CAN SEE ALL THE LINES AND SMUDGES ON THE LIPSTICK !!! PLEASE SAVE YOUR 4 BUCKS AND GO SPEND A LITTLE MORE AT RITEAID CAUSE AT LEAST YOU 'LL BE GETTING SOMETHING NEW AND YOU CAN ALWAYS GET YOUR MONEY BACK IF YOU DO N'T LIKE THE COLOR . WILL NEVER ORDER ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN ! I 'M SO ANGRY BUT I 'M NOT EVEN GON NA BOTHER CONTACTING THEM CAUSE OBVIOUSLY THEY DO N'T CARE ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS .
 I thought this would be a very light , opaque shade of pink . But really , it has very little color but is loaded with silver shimmer . On me it looked very whitish and uneven .
 The lipstick is old and on the verge of being rancid . I 'm very disappointed in the product and I wasted a lot of money since I bought four of them .
 The lipstick is old and on the verge of being rancid . I 'm very disappointed in the product and I wasted a lot of money since I bought four of them .
 It was not dark enough . I have been wearying black berry and black orchard for a very long time , two of my favorite lipsticks . I found that it was not dark enough . I just so happen to go into a five dollars store , someplace I do n't generally go and they just so happen to have the perfect color , five left , and I bought all five . I never wore the lipstick I purchase from you again after I found the one I really wanted .
 I would NOT recommend this products to you , especially you ladies out there , it 's NOT worth the time to return it ... although the price is great but , I did n't want to take any chances in using it on my skin . . ! Sadly to say , it also had that old , old awful smell , I kid you not ... . It look like its been expose from the sun or heat that should of been protected from it 's weather condition or something ... Again , this is my honest experience , I end up throwing it away for the safety of my skin being protected from usuage of a spoil lotion ... So , this messg . goes out to the `` Seller '' of `` Wholesale '' please , please double check on your products before you sell it out to the public , other wise in the long run , if anythings goes wrong with some customer 's skins b-cuz of its color & being to watery , I 'd take this advise ...
 Eau Du Soir BY Sisley For Women - 3.4 oz EDP SprayI am very concerned that the product I purchased is a fake ! I smell too much alcohol in the product and it gives me a headache . The product was wrapped in bubble wrap and did not come in a box as I thought it should . I will not know for sure until I can get to a store that I know carries Eau du Soir and do a comparison . I wanted to wait until I compared my product to one at a department store that carries it but I do not know how soon I can get to the mall so I am submitting my review.If indeed when I sample the product at a retail store and still believe it is not a legitimate product , I will report it .
 This is an ordinary block of old fashion soap would never order again . Product could be bought anywhere that sells homemade soaps for $ 2 or less . Hardly any fragrance to it - would best be used on camping trip in an emergency to wash clothes .
 The sleeves were `` whimpy '' and the `` collars '' were only about an 1/8 inch . They work but tip back and fourth .
 At first , it did not smell like I remembered it to do . Went to a Duty free store and try the original and it is completely different smell that the one I purchased.Will not return cause I have used it already , but it seems to be fake ! !
 Not only did this take a week longer than stated to receive but it smelled watered down with alcohol ! The old bottle that I bought at Macy 's was n't totally empty and it was much more potent and aromatic ! Very disappointing but I 'd already wasted the money on it !
 I have used obsession for many years , i have never seen anyone as bad as this one . It is really fake . It leaks from the top , the aluminum on top pulls up with the cover . It is the worst product i have ever bought from amazon . I do not wish anyone to buy this items . I hope amazon will remove it from its list of productsObsession by Calvin Klein for Men , Eau De Toilette Spray , 4 Ounce
 I USED to LOVE this perfume and used for years . But the last two times I bought it from Perfume World or I give someone to use , I have noticed that it smells worse than sweat - horrible . I don &#8217; t believe this is the original perfume . Something somewhere is not right with it . But the original -LRB- real Paloma Picasso -RRB- was excellent . Everyone used to ask me what I was wearing and where to get it ! My $ 60 down the drain ! Next time will try to buy from Macys like I used to and see if I can get the original Paloma .
 I bought this conditioner -LRB- and it 's matching shampoo -RRB- a few months ago because they were on clearance at Target . I just started using it . However , my hair is SO dry . I decided to stick it out and see if it got better . My hair does look clean for longer than most shampoo/conditions I 've used . However , my hair is tangly and dry all the time , including immediately after I get out of the shower . I would not recommend this product . It HURTS to brush my hair and I feel like the damage it is doing to my hair with how hard and dry it has become can not be outweighed by the fact that it is natural . It does seem like my hair has more body , but I would take soft hair over dry-body any day.Just for info
 I bought this product because my skin has become very sensitive over the years , probably due to all the junk I used to put in it . I now have to be much more careful about the products I buy . Usually I use either Naturelle or Organix products , and I have n't had any problems with those . However , I decided to give this a try because it was readily available , and I was almost running out of my usual.Big mistake . This stuff smells HORRIBLE . I would not recommend it unless you prefer coming out of the shower smelling worse than when you went in !
 The concept of the product is great but it does n't work . It actually does the opposite . My nail polish started chipping the next day and I was being careful . Not only did it chip but in huge chunks which never used to happen before using this product .
 i thought this product was nasty it smelled terrible , musky it actually kept my husband away dont fall for this one !!!
 Was unaware when I ordered that this product was a reproduction , at least that is the way it smells . No way is this Obsession . I had to throw it away .
 I thought I was buying Eau de Parfum , not an imitation of Obsession . I 'm very disappointed that it was not disclosed as such .
 I have worn Obesseson for many many years , and have purchased from Amazon sellers many times . I am very dissapointed in this product . It came in a sealed box ? but it has no secent when sprayed . I have always used the same deordorant and when I spray this new bottle all I smell is my deordorant . I think I wasted 38.94 and have no way to return it because it is condsidered flamable . I would like to have a new bottle or the return of my money but I couls not find where to contactt the seller . there is a product link I am going to try . but I would not but from this distrubitor.Obsession by Calvin Klein for Women , Eau De Parfum Spray , 3.4 Fluid Ounce
 First off , let me say I did not order this from Amazon but bought it at a dept. store . My review is on the smell of the perfume . It 's very heavy and I did n't like it , but that 's my fault for not trying it before buying . I never took it back and it sat for years on my dresser and just recently I started using it as a bathroom air freshener . It works great for that ! I just do n't like wearing it on my person ! : - -RRB-
 In looking at the bottle and description you would think this was Obsession . What I received was considerably different . The bottle is not shaped anything like the one picture here . It is not a round/oval shape it is more of a star shape and is entitled `` Secret Obsession '' . This is not the same thing . It has a different , not unpleasant , fragrance . I advise caution to ensure you get what you are expecting . As this was a gift it was not returned .
 This product is missing the sprayer . Ca n't return since it 's a flammable liquid . This product would ship non regulated by DOT due to it 's size exemption so the return policy is a sham as well . Customer just ends up $ 28.00 ripped off .
 The product did not meet my expectations . I feel that it may be an old batch or one rejected by quality control -LRB- or lack of quality control -RRB- .
 When I first sprayed it , I was sure it was the original obession as I was worried about fake perfumes however , after like 15 minutes of spraying this the scent that remained was not at all fresh smelling but rather like an old perfume that has been lying in my closet for ages . . wo n't buy again . .
 This bottle of Obsession does not smell correct . It has none of the vanilla essence that made it so appealing . It smells more like a men 's musk cologne . I do n't know if it is a fake or if the formula has been altered , but it is definitely NOT the same as the Obsession Eau De Parfum that I have been using for the last 6 years . Buyer beware !
 Not a very feminine smell . Smells like men cologne . Would never ever wear ! Horrible product !!!! Guess I will throw away since ca n't return !
 This perfume came damaged . The bottle had leaked into the packaging and the whole package reeked of Obsession . The bottle was only 3/4 full because of the leakage , and it was not returnable because apparently returning perfume , even within a few days and with damage , is n't permissible . This was supposed to be a Christmas gift . I will never buy perfume from Amazon again .
 I ordered Calvin Klein Obsessin Parfum for my wife . What they sent was something called Secret Obsession . Never heard of that before and on the CK website they list no such product . Which leads me to believe that this must be a counterfit product and not the original . If the price is to good to be true some thing is wrong.On the upside the company did send a call tag so I could return the product .
 Before purchasing this product , I had read reviews that fake perfumes are being sold on Amazon . But , keeping in mind my 6 year order history , I ignored it and now I am paying the price for it.The CK Obesssion for Women that I bought turned out to be COMPLETE FAKE . There was no fragrance at all . When we sprayed it , we were shocked to realize that the product did n't have any fragrance at all . It was like spraying water . I do n't think CK would have made such a bad product.Alas , I do n't have an option to return this product and I do n't know if there is a mechanism to lodge a formal complaint with Amazon .
 Beware of ordering fragrances from Amazon . I love Obsession and have worn it for years . This bottle smells like it is old ... it has an alchohol-like distorted scent ... not like the Osbession I am accustomed to . I can not return it to Amazon because of federal regulations which prohibit regular citizens from packing and shipping fammable liquids . So I am basically out $ 35.00 . From now on , I will buy all fragrances in store .
 I have worn Obsession for years and although this item was wrap as though it were new , I opened it and sprayed to test and it does NOT smell like the current bottle I am almost out of . I will talk to my credit card company about this !
 Well I bought this for my girl . I had sampled the men 's and thought it had a great scent so I assumed the women 's would as well . The women 's has more of a powdery smell not to my liking . I prefer a vibrant deep scent not sweet that makes you remember the lady who is wearing it!So beware I 'd advise you to go and check out the scent before you buy!The shipping process was great .
 This lipgloss was too pale , unflattering , and all nars lipglosses are way too sticky , make my lips peel , smell and taste bad . My go to lip glosses are revlon over the counter lipgloss .
 $ 24.00 for a lip gloss , that 's a pretty heavy duty price point for a lip gloss . I expect a LOT from gloss this expensive and high end.I ordered a tube of `` Orgasm '' and expected the perfect nude lip . Nope ! There just is n't anything about this gloss that impressed me . It was sticky . It was n't very opaque . There was so little color payoff ! I have had comparable -LRB- or dare I say , better ! -RRB- glosses for 1/5th the price . I ca n't believe I 'm about to type this , but L'Oreal makes a gloss a million times better than this at 1/4th the price ! Try NYX 's glosses at 1/6th the price -LRB- and I like them better than the L'Oreal -RRB- . Please do n't buy into the hype of the Orgasm gloss . You wo n't have an orgasm when you use it , you 'll be saying , `` That 's it . . ? ''
 This lipgloss tasted and smelled terrible ... like melted plastic . As much as I enjoy Nars products , I do n't recommend this gloss to anyone . Try MAC or Lancome or Revlon . This lipgloss was revolting .
 I bought this because I read that Nars made long lasting lip gloss but this product is just like any other lip gloss to me stays on for maybe one hour or so .
 I love this product . It is truly my go to lipgloss color . However , this particular tube leaks and gets everything in my purse all sticky . Yuck . I think the wand is loose or something . Somethings are better just picked up in store I suppose .
 This lipgloss is a nice color , but it smells and tastes absolutely HORRIBLE !!! And no , I do n't purposely ingest lipgloss , but any woman knows that if it 's on your lips , some of it is inevitably going to get in your mouth . Yuck . This is DEFINITELY not worth $ 24 . I will never buy this again . Save your money .
 This lipgloss was too pale , unflattering , and all nars lipglosses are way too sticky , make my lips peel , smell and taste bad . My go to lip glosses are revlon over the counter lipgloss .
 $ 24.00 for a lip gloss , that 's a pretty heavy duty price point for a lip gloss . I expect a LOT from gloss this expensive and high end.I ordered a tube of `` Orgasm '' and expected the perfect nude lip . Nope ! There just is n't anything about this gloss that impressed me . It was sticky . It was n't very opaque . There was so little color payoff ! I have had comparable -LRB- or dare I say , better ! -RRB- glosses for 1/5th the price . I ca n't believe I 'm about to type this , but L'Oreal makes a gloss a million times better than this at 1/4th the price ! Try NYX 's glosses at 1/6th the price -LRB- and I like them better than the L'Oreal -RRB- . Please do n't buy into the hype of the Orgasm gloss . You wo n't have an orgasm when you use it , you 'll be saying , `` That 's it . . ? ''
 This lipgloss tasted and smelled terrible ... like melted plastic . As much as I enjoy Nars products , I do n't recommend this gloss to anyone . Try MAC or Lancome or Revlon . This lipgloss was revolting .
 I bought this because I read that Nars made long lasting lip gloss but this product is just like any other lip gloss to me stays on for maybe one hour or so .
 I love this product . It is truly my go to lipgloss color . However , this particular tube leaks and gets everything in my purse all sticky . Yuck . I think the wand is loose or something . Somethings are better just picked up in store I suppose .
 This lipgloss is a nice color , but it smells and tastes absolutely HORRIBLE !!! And no , I do n't purposely ingest lipgloss , but any woman knows that if it 's on your lips , some of it is inevitably going to get in your mouth . Yuck . This is DEFINITELY not worth $ 24 . I will never buy this again . Save your money .
 I was expecting a lovely almond scent to this bar but it has an odd floral-type aroma instead.I did n't read the label carefully enough . I would n't buy anything labled `` Aromatherapy '' as I am allergic to nearly all `` perfumey '' scents so I will be unable to use this . I 'll probably give it to my sister.I had originally put several different scents of this Yardley soap in my cart ... I 'm glad I re-thought it and only got one to start .
 If your expecting the scent of Patchouli you will be disappointed nice soap seems very gentle to the skin but I wish it smelled better .
 really strong scent , i would say this is for men only . would not by for myself but my husband likes it .
 Sorry , but first , I have to say that I bought this product by accident . I had previously bought the other patchouli soap on Amazon that comes in the brown box with a ribbon before and really , really liked it . So , when I ordered soap again , having used the old one down to a sliver , I somehow clicked the wrong product . Of course , scent is always a personal preference , but to me , this one does n't have much scent compared to the other , and did n't fit in my loofa/washcloth holder that I use the way the other one did . Also , what scent it did have did n't smell like patchouli or even very pleasant to me , nor did it produce much lather .
 I realize everyone smells sents differently . However ; this in no way remotely resembles leather of any kind russian or otherwise .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Item received is not the same as ordered . I received a tester demo product that says not for sale on the cheap looking box . Very unsatisfied with this seller . How can you give this as a gift ? Will not buy from this seller again .
 not original perfume 'm very disappointed is the first purchase I do for amazon and was very dissatisfied . at 15 min and I have no smell of perfume . I am very upset .
 I hated this product its definately not the real fragance wich I already owned in the past , do not purchase it ! it smells like nothing and it goes away after a couple minutes . very dissappointed
 I do n't understand why this product has so many good reviews ? The product did n't do anything for dry , or color treated hair at all . I 've used much better products which is really helps to soften a dry colored hair .
 I love zoya , and the colors are amazing , however this base coat its horrible , it start to peel next day !!! I applied to very thin layers of polish , over this base coat and next day my nails peel like crazy . I also clean and was my hands before and apply alcohol to make sure they are clean and not oily.Very sad I got this product , I can not recommend it
 This base coat stuck to my nails like glue and helped my Zoya polish stay on for about 5 days - but after a few months of using this as my only base coat , it started taking tiny chunks of my nail with it when I removed it ! Yikes ! I ended up switching to Chanel base coat and I 'm really happy with it .
 The Larenim Voodew Under Eye Concealer ordered was supposed to be 2 grams . I was patient in waiting for the order as I received emails twice requesting whether or not to maintain the order . Once received , it was only 1 gram . However , I paid and ordered a 2 gram product !
 I like Stila products and I was excited to try the illuminating tinted moisturizer . I liked that it had a Spf 15 and that it would provide minimal coverage . Although I loved the way my skin felt when I wore it , it made my skin look very greasy . It only got worse as the day went on , even after I applied powder on top in hopes of toning it down . I 'm glad that I was able to find out that it was n't for me by using a deluxe sample than by buying a whole tube . Maybe people with dry skin have better results .
 not sheer enoughits more like makeup will have to go to a store where different products can be tested personally
 I ORDERED THIS PRODUCT -LRB- 5 BOTTLES -RRB- , WITHOUT ORIGINALLY KNOWING THAT THIS PARTICULAR PERFUME BLUE GRASS HAS BEEN OUT OF THE MARKETPLACE SINCE 2004 . I FOUND OUT THROUGH MY FRIEND WHO DISTRIBUTED THE LINE THAT THEY STOPPED MAKING THE FRAGRANCE ALL TOGETHER SINCE 2004 . IF YOU PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT , YOU ARE BUYING PERFUME THAT IS OLD AND IT DOES NOT SMELL LIKE THE ORIGINAL . IT IS FRAGRANT BUT NOT LIKE THE ORIGINAL BLUE GRASS .
 This was old . It had a terrible odor and was not wearable . I was very disappointed . Do n't buy this product .
 I was very disappointed to receive a tiny & somewhat rancid bottle of perfume instead of the powder . The packing slip assured the item had been `` checked twice '' for accuracy ... also indicated a very short time -LRB- within 48 hours of shipment -RRB- of returning the product . The packing slip noted Blue Grass 5.3 oz Dusting Powder by Elizabeth Atden :-LRB- ... . NOT !
 I loved Blue Grass as a young woman and was happy to see it available through Amazon.My order arrived today and I am hugely disappointed in the product . I was quick to apply the fragrance and quickly disgusted by the odor it had . Nothing like the fragrance I remembered . Nothing I would ever elect to wear ... ever . In addition , I now realize I can not return this bottle of offensive odor for a refund . My bad . I did not read the `` not returnable , not refundable '' warning when I ordered . So , I now will be tossing $ 16.34 into the trash . A lesson for me to pay closer attention in hte future .
 I WAS NOT REAL HAPPY ABOUT THE SMELL OF THIS STUFF ! EKKKKK SMELLS JUST LIKE A RUBBER TIRE . IM SURE SOME PEOPLE LIKE IT BUT NOT ME !!!!
 I think the ingredients have changed since the new style bottle came into use.I have been sadly disappointed by this shampoo which used to be my favourite.It no longer gives my hair the body and gloss that the old one did.Why was it altered?very disappointed
 I have loved and used Regines for years . It has been my favorite since I began using it . I was so excited to find it on Amazon for such a great bargain . However , I was disappointed when this arrived as the perfume appeared much darker than I have ever seen it and the fregrance -LRB- while still smelling good -RRB- was not as sweet and floral as it is supposed to sell . I looked but did not see a date on this product . It was almost as if this perfume had been stored in heat over a long period of time . I was quite disappointed . Although it is possible that there was a `` bad batch '' of Regines , I find it hard to believe that it would be sent on to consumers as it was most definitely second rate .
 I returned the item within a week of purchasing as it was n't what I 'd expected . It 's been more than a month . I have yet to receive a refund . I 'm never buying from these guys again .
 I tried this shampoo because my hair was dry and damaged after straightening . It was better than a regular , everyday shampoo , but not as good as the Garnier Fructis line , which costs much less.The problem with all so-called `` conditioning '' shampoos -LRB- and almost all shampoos , period -RRB- is that they contain sulfates . Sulfates strip your hair , to some degree or another . Even most of the shampoos out now claiming to be `` sulfate-free '' will in fact have a sulfate ingredient when you read the label.By far the best product I 've found to clean hair without stripping is called Shea Moisture . They have 3 types of shampoo & conditioner , and a few other products . I believe they are currently only available at select Targets . Maybe that will change . But at $ 10 a bottle , it is the best investment you 'll make for damaged hair .
 product was sent as promised . However , the product was old . Think it had been around a while .
 I have turn to Plant life soaps because it 's ` all natural ' . I ordered the ambrosia soap first , then this one , for I have acne , but extremely sensitive skin , AND I praised them for the natural soap , but spoke to soon . Like ` Mamabear007 ' mention it did make me itch and I also got a rash on my face that lasted several days I also have break outs on my body . I have tryed six of their differnet soaps -LRB- that 's because I wanted to stick to natural products -RRB- to find one that wo n't over dry or ` annoy ' my sensitive skin , and to my disappointment i 've found none from Plant life . At frist I though it was another product I was using along with the soaps that was giving me that reaction , I stop using it and no change . Then I though okay , like some products it gets worst before it gets better -LRB- like different gel -RRB- but that was not the case . I have about eight of the soaps left in my house , so now I am just using them as ` decorative soap ' ... they do have a nice sent . But I will no long be using Plant life soaps ... although I do like their detox bath salt which I use every now and then , I dont seem to react to it . So if your someone with sensitive skin , please use with caution , i 'd recommend a gentle clenser like Cetaphil or use baby product , as I have started to and my skin is responding good . However if your not the sensitive type , I think you 'll love these soaps , my sister LOVES them ! Hope this helps
 Based the the previous reviews , I really wanted to like this . I was hoping that the tea tree in it would help my extra sensitive skin -LRB- as other tea tree products have in the past . The aroma was okay . But after using the soap , I developed a horrible itchy rash that lasted several days .
 Not liking the texture of this product . Since it is all natural I thought I 'd give it a try . Now I 'm giving it away .
 I did n't like this soap . I found it did n't produce much lather , even with a washcloth , plus I found the smell off-putting - it did smell `` porky '' . Both of these made me not want to continue using the soap .
 this product was supposed to help acne it did not work for me , and it smells like your bathing in pork lard i would not recommend .
 I 've been using this soap every time I shower since I received it . I have struggled with eczema all my life . I use unscented shampoo , hypoallergenic detergent , Cetaphil , etc. . I thought it would try Lye soap because of the rave reviews and seeing that the winter cold is here I wanted something that will sooth my dry skin.I must say , I have n't seen any benefits yet . If anything , my eczema is worse after I shower . It started with slight red skin on the inside of my elbows after the first use , now after my most recent shower using Lye my inner elbows are blazingly red / irritated . This has n't happened since my last accident wearing a sweatshirt that was washed with scented detergent . Maybe it works for some people , but it did not work for me .
 I 'll start off by saying I 'm still young and I do n't take very good care of my skin . I bought this product from a day spa originally after getting a facial . This does n't dry your skin out , but it does n't get the dirt out of your poors either . I use it in combination with the normalizing lotion -LRB- which is actually a pink liquid that functions like a very mild astringent -RRB- . I started using eyemakeup remover and found I was still getting my brown foundation on the cottonball after I 'd washed my face with this cleanser and used the normalizing lotion . Just to see , I ran a clean cotton ball with the eye makup remover all over my cheaks and forehead and got a bunch of brown foundation . So ... this just cleans the surface of your skin . I guess if you 're one of those people who likes using 3-4 different products on your face everynight and morning , this is for you . I 'm a working girl who just wants the dirt and makeup off her face in one CLEAN swoop , and this product just does n't cut it .
 I love gloGloss in ` Naked ' but was quite disappointed when I got sent ` Starstruck ' . The packaging said Naked but wrong gloss inside . . Not happy !!
 I love gloGloss in ` Naked ' but was quite disappointed when I got sent ` Starstruck ' . The packaging said Naked but wrong gloss inside . . Not happy !!
 This lipgloss tasted and smelled terrible ... like melted plastic . As much as I enjoy Nars products , I do n't recommend this gloss to anyone . Try MAC or Lancome or Revlon . This lipgloss was revolting .
 I bought this because I read that Nars made long lasting lip gloss but this product is just like any other lip gloss to me stays on for maybe one hour or so .
 This lipgloss was too pale , unflattering , and all nars lipglosses are way too sticky , make my lips peel , smell and taste bad . My go to lip glosses are revlon over the counter lipgloss .
 $ 24.00 for a lip gloss , that 's a pretty heavy duty price point for a lip gloss . I expect a LOT from gloss this expensive and high end.I ordered a tube of `` Orgasm '' and expected the perfect nude lip . Nope ! There just is n't anything about this gloss that impressed me . It was sticky . It was n't very opaque . There was so little color payoff ! I have had comparable -LRB- or dare I say , better ! -RRB- glosses for 1/5th the price . I ca n't believe I 'm about to type this , but L'Oreal makes a gloss a million times better than this at 1/4th the price ! Try NYX 's glosses at 1/6th the price -LRB- and I like them better than the L'Oreal -RRB- . Please do n't buy into the hype of the Orgasm gloss . You wo n't have an orgasm when you use it , you 'll be saying , `` That 's it . . ? ''
 I love this product . It is truly my go to lipgloss color . However , this particular tube leaks and gets everything in my purse all sticky . Yuck . I think the wand is loose or something . Somethings are better just picked up in store I suppose .
 This lipgloss is a nice color , but it smells and tastes absolutely HORRIBLE !!! And no , I do n't purposely ingest lipgloss , but any woman knows that if it 's on your lips , some of it is inevitably going to get in your mouth . Yuck . This is DEFINITELY not worth $ 24 . I will never buy this again . Save your money .
 The product is what my wife wears . The packaging looks real , but the scent does not compare with that bought at ULTA where 1 ounce cost $ 72 . Here was 2.5 ounces of the same prodcut for under $ 50 . Amazon was terrific in refunding my purchase price . I ca n't help but feel this product was either a knock-off , or very old.In the end , you usually get what you pay for.Kudos to Amazon for standing up for the customer .
 Shalimar is the only perfume/cologne I wear , mainly because my husband loves it . I ordered this because it was sold by Amazon and not an Amazon merchant , and it was a great price . I opened it today and it is either fake , or a very old bottle . It does n't smell at all like Shalimar . I am not worried that Amazon will refund my money , just disappointed that I have to hassle with getting a refund . I ordered it going by the positive reviews , so maybe this was just a fluke . Still , `` buyer beware ! ''
 This product is not the same as I have ordered before . The color was lighter and the smell was not the same .
 This fragrance does not smell like my Guerlain Shalimar that I have used for years . Very disappointing.Shalimar By Guerlain For Women . Eau De Parfum Spray 2.5 Oz .
 I used to buy Shalimar for my wife many years ago and thought it might be a nice idea to start the habit again . What we received came in came in a nice spray bottle just like what I ordered , Shailmar labels and all . However the scent certainly was n't that of the Shalimar that my wife and I remembered . I e-mailed Tuccini who provided it and their only reply was that they just shipped what had been provided by the manufacturer . This is of course , believable . Still , It does n't have the scent that we were expecting . I just do n't know what to do about it . Could both our sense of smells have changed over the years ? We 're in our eighties now . Can you help ??
 I just received Shalimar I ordered . It 's not the same perfume I used to wear in the 70 's , 80 's . It does not smell good at all and is giving me a headache ! It smells like a mans cologn . I 'm very disapointed . What a waist of money !!
 Upon receipt of the Shalimar perfume , we opened it . It had a terrible smell ! I immediately read the invoice concerning returns . It stated perfume products could not be returned.I called the Customer Service number and explained the situation Initially , I thought I was going to get a brush-off , but I was mistaken and we had the return instructions completed . She was very nice and treated me graciously . Unfortunately , I failed to get her name.The return was completed without incident.Bill Loeffler
 A friend of mine recommended Shalimar perfume to me . She said it was so beautiful I had to try . So during my next trip to a perfume store , I asked for Shalimar . Sprayed it on paper , and then on my wrist . Both the paper and my wrist smelled so terrible to me , that I felt as if I was going to vomit . Could n't wait to get home and wash it off my wrist . Very old-smelling , nasty , and pungent perfume . Like some kind of old rotten wood/pines . This is not to offend anyone . I understand that every perfume smells different on different people . I also understand that what one person likes , another may not like at all . We all have our own tastes in perfumes . Well , this is the case for me with this particular perfume . To me , it smells so ancient that it reminds me of old rotten/moldy woods ! Yuck !
 Shalimar is my favorite fragrance and I was delighted to find it here at such a good price . It arrived quickly and in perfect condition ... but , the fragrance was `` off '' . I think it was either old or had been stored improperly -LRB- hot/cold -RRB- . Just not Shalimar and it smells funny . Ca n't use it .
 This product has not come , not even I have the tracking number to check is done , I sent two e-mails to ask for it , they have the responsibility to do so , are very careless , but God 's forgiveness .
 I have been on it for 2 months and guess what ... it does n't work.No notice of any regrowth and hair still falls out .
 Was very skeptical about this product as all the literature about it that I could find online had been written by the company itself then masqueraded as some sort of independent third party review page . So I had low expectations going in and this lived up to them . It does n't work . The tablets supposedly contain
 I am still a little skeptical about this product . I have used it for almost 6 months regularly now and my hair still falls plenty of it . I will use it for another 6 months and then re-evaluate .
 I hardly write review but i have decided to write this to help and caution others about this product . I had most of my hair when i started procerin just some thinnning and decided to take procerin to make my hair thicker . Within 2 weeks of using the product my hair got significantly thick and i was so happy . However , after a month and half of taking this pills I had the worst shedding ever that my scalp became visible to others . i continue taking the pills as i thought it was the shedding period . however after a year of taking this pills , the loss never returned . It has been 10 months since i quit procerin and the loss still havent returned . the only thing procerin did was to speed up the growth of my existing hair while i was losing more hair . I hate procerin ... Pls if u love ur hair stay away from this pill as u will most likely lose more hair ...
 i took this for more than 30 days , and all I got from it is more tendency of erections . This did n't really do anything for me since I do n't have sex ! lol
 I 'm over 40 . I used this product as directed for 3 months . I got this because I did n't like how high my temples were and this product advertised itself as the only solution that re-grows hair at the temples . After 3 months of use I noticed dramatic thinning of my hair all over my head especially straight up the center and at the rear . These were areas where my hair previously had been thick with no problems . I knew there was a big problem when my hair stylist could no longer do the style that I had been doing for at least a year previously . I stopped the day that I took a comb through my hair and it came out with a huge clump of hair . The Procerin people said that initial hair loss was to be expected . They did refund my money as promised . Now it is one year later and I have never recovered from the hair loss . I loss at least half my previous volume and now see scalp through my hair regardless of how hard I try to cover it up . Before Procerin I had bad hair days , but now bad hair days are the norm and I will always regret my mistake . This is truly a life altering drug .
 This is a complete scam !!! DO N'T buy it ! You pay for a `` 3 month supply '' , it shows a picture of THREE bottles , and still only get a 1 month supply or ONE bottle . My husband bought it without reading other reviews . It is really disappointing to me that this is obviously a constant issue with the supplier but Amazon continues to do business with them , and `` fulfills the order '' . We just put it right back in the box and sent it back . On the bright side it was super easy to return ! : - -RRB-
 I purchase the 3 month supply kit , but I 've just received 1 packet that last for just one month !! I paid $ 55 instead of $ 20 to get the three packets , but it seems that it does n't worth it .
 Its apparent that anyone reading these comments will clearly understand that this company is ripping everyone off by mislabeling one bottle for a 3 month supply . I ordered this also and received 2 bottles instead of 3 so it should be extra clear to anyone interested in ordering this should Only buy the 6 month or 1 month supply.The reason I did not give it one star was because when I contacted Amazon they credited me with $ 21 within one day.Also after finishing the 2 month supply I noticed considerably less hair fall ... a lot less . Which to me seems to be the biggest problem .
 Folks plz do not waste ur time on this product I decided to purchase this product bc I did research online for the best vitamins for receding and thinning hair and this popped up first . I 've been on this product since Feb. of this year . I tried to give product atleast 6 months bc it takes atleast 6 months for hair follicles to recover this month made 7 . I will never recommend this product to ne 1 . I was on the procerin replinish program so it made it cheaper for me I cud get 3 bottles at a time n that costed me about 50 bucks . But after my lack of success with this product I canceled my plan . I had high hopes for this product but it js didnt work for me . For ne 1 thats experiencing hairloss I 'd recommend u use 6 . Rogaine/minoxidil 5 % , 5 . emu oil , 2 . nizoral/regenpure shampoo , 4 . alzaic acid , 7 . doo gro mega thick -LRB- optional -RRB- , 3 . mts roller -LRB- helps scalp absorb better bc follicles r opened -RRB- , 1 . brush/massaging ur scalp 5 mins twice a day -LRB- gets blood flowing -RRB- . This is my daily routine it works for me not guaranteed to work for ne 1 but if what ur doin is not workin I recommend u give it a try .
 Not all what I expected . Will never wear it . Said it smells like a pina colada ... it does n't . Not distinquishable scent really ... just ... chemicals . Yuck
 I ca n't prove it , but the one I bought at Macy 's was much more subtle and also had a slightly different bottle . It has a slightly masculine smell that I did n't notice in my previous buy . Is n't a knock off illegal ? Unless it says so and is less expensive , I believe it is , an SHOULD be ! Well , I 'd like to report to Amazon that I think this is an illegal knock off !
 I was very excited to purchase this fragrance as I have always loved it . Upon opening the box and just smelling the bottle I knew the fragrance was not the same . I tried it and it is n't even close . I immediately tried to return it and was told since it was used they would not accept a return . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY , trust me , it is n't anything like the real Il Bacio fragrance .
 Think this is not a genuine Jessica Mcclintock . I gave to my wife as my gift , but she told me that this not a genuine Jessica Mcclintock . Be ware of it .
 Quite disappointed as the scent is not the same as the many that I 've purchase from Macy 's or Nordstrom stores ! It has a cheap cologne scents that you get at the pharmacy ! It is very unfortunate that Amazon does not allow returns or exchange for perfumes !
 Do not waste your money on this perfume . I immediately could see a distinct difference in this perfume and the identical perfume i already had at home . Immediately you could tell the color of the liquid in the bottle was different .
 This is not the same original light scent . It 's a lot stronger and sweeter like what a couple others have said . So strong that it gives me a headache and makes me sneeze . I am disappointed in this product .
 This perfume does not even smell close to the `` real '' Jessica Mcclintock perfume . YES ! I am requesting a full refund . I will not buy from this person again .
 Unfortunately , this was not the scent that I thought it was when I ordered it . It is overpowering , heavy , and I found it sickening sweet . I tried it for a couple of days , hoping it would fade into something lighter and more tolerable or maybe I would just get used to it . The perfume stays on strong for hour . My co-workers noticed the perfume immediately , which is not a good sign .
 This stuff will leave you smelly in just a few hours . I do n't see how it could be labeled a deodorant .
 It does n't make my pimple go away over night . It might reduce some healing time . The treatment cartridge runs out too quick !! You think 60 count is a lot but it 's really not . I bought another one for my friend as a gift . It did n't even wan na turn on . I had to send it back . I called the number on the box . Their customer service sucks , they never picked up the phone or return my phone call ever . I had to send it back to amazon .
 I have two of these , one of which is for travel . Same model . They seemed to work well for a bit . Then , both of them stopped working . Lights lit , etc , but upon turning them on , they do n't heat up anymore and automatically shut off . I have spare cartridges , which are quite expensive and not returnable , so I purchased yet a THIRD unit . You know what ? Right out of the box , failure . Would n't charge at all , so I returned it . So now , between two units and several cartridges , I have several hundred dollars invested , and not a single working Zeno device . I wrote to the manufacturer to see what they could/would do under the circumstances , as their product simply did n't hold up . Nothing but textbook response back , telling me to re-charge the units . Well I did , for DAYS . I have since been told that Thermaclear is the same concept , is a better product because it does n't require a cartridge change , AND it is faster , in that it is only seconds , rather than 2.5 minutes , which can cause minor burning if you hold it too zealously . That seems safer , since the unit does in fact get hot . Plus , when you have oily skin , it is very difficult to hold something against a raised surface for 2.5 minutes and not have it slip . Suffice it to say , I am extremely disappointed .
 I bought this product on about 4 weeks ago . The first week I had to replace it because there 4 dots in a row that show how much usage you have left . By the 4th day of using it was down to the third to last button . So , I took it back and the store replaced it . Probably about 2 weeks later I noticed the same thing and took it back again . This makes 1 week since I have had it the second replacement and its down to the the second row of usage . I know that I am not using this product enough for the usage buttons to indicate lesser time . I reviewed this item before purchasing I was well aware that is not compatible for severe acne however some reviews stated that it still worked . FALSE !!!! I put it on my hard pimples and they do nothing from them . I still have hyperpigmentation from the pimple . My face looks a mess . I have to wear gobs of makeup to camouflage my acne scars . Very unhappy with this product . I 'm just going to go ahead and use the rest of whats left as the hotness really helps stop the soreness even if only briefly . I 'm waiting for my accutane to come in the mail because I cant take these outbreaks anymore : -LRB-
 I was looking for a nice , strong tangerine smell or a nice , strong grapefruit smell , but this soaps smells really bad . I do n't care that it 's handmade or natural or whatever it is .
 The vendor , Beuty Budget Net , sent me the wrong color ! I am stil waiting to get a RMA .
 I have been a user of this product since the 1980s . I first purchased a bottle of the cologne inBuffalo Newyork from a mens clothing store . I loved the scent and received many compliments from the ladies . At that time , the product was manufactured in Denmark . The last orders that I received were not marked `` Denmark '' , so I assumed they were manufactured in the USA.Unfortunately , the product has changed radically in that it lacks that special scent it had previously . Also , the scent is not long lasting . Apparently , when it was manufactured in Denmark , something special was added.Sorry I could not be more favorable.Carl
 Somebody did n't make sure the top was screwed on securely , so when the package arrived , the bottle was half empty . The musk had spilled out in the package en route . It was a last minute Christmas present for my uncle so I had to give him a half empty bottle . Needless to say , I did n't win the present of the year award .
 My wife ordered this for me , wrapped them for a gift and put it under the tree , when I opened them they were half full very dissapointing
 This was a knock-off . I have used the `` real '' musk from Denmark for over 30 years , but this product was colored water .
 This honeybee nail polish flaked off first day I put it on , and the honeybee nail polish remover does n't work either . Do n't waste your time on trying these.I thought I had found a great product , I am sensitive to strong smells , but guess I will just have to go outside to put on my horrible smelling regular nail polish and when I use my horrible smelling polish remover .
 I took the risk and was very displeased . The color was not pretty at all and took too long to dry especially in thehumidity of summer . Do n't even try it ... Revlon has been recommended in a natural cosmetic book and it 's so much better .
 do n't buy these item on amazon it is biger and better price at the store
 The perfumes are ok but the quantity is very small . The product information does not contain the quantity details . Except for one , the rest are just 4-5 ml bottles . Certainly not a good deal .
 I got the product on time , but the middle bottle -LRB- Obsession , smaller one -RRB- was leaky and at least 25 % of the liquid from the bottle . Moreover the box itself says the listed price as $ 68 so how can the seller claim that the list price is $ 95Obsession Night by Calvin Klein for Women , Set -LRB- Eau De Parfum Spray 3.4 Ounce , Body Lotion 6.7 Ounce , Obsession Mini Eau De Parfum Spray 0.5 Ounce -RRB-
 This is not the color i expected , I always got Chanels Naturel and this was much darker.I have been using Chanels Pro Lumier for years and was SO upset when i heard they discontinued it . It is the only foundation over the years that i have found to be absolutely perfect . I bought this item on amazon since it 's not offered any longer in stores but the color was not the same as the naturel i always used to get . It was much darker then even the next shade up in this line -LRB- which i also own -RRB- i feel like something is wrong with this bottle .
 I 've bought this perfume from a dept store , and when I wore it , it stayed on all day . But this perfume that I ordered from here do n't last at all . I will never order perfume from her again
 this perfume did not come as shown . it was in a different bottle and different color . the fragrance was sickening . never again .
 I 'm really disappointed when the perfume came in . When i smelled it , i was expecting to smell something with mangos in it . Boy was the description wrong , to me the perfume smells like gardenias , which is going to make me sneeze during the allergy season . And what 's even more disappointing is the fact that I ca n't return it . Yeppy , I 'm stuck with this damn thing , woopy-do .
 This is not the color i expected , I always got Chanels Naturel and this was much darker.I have been using Chanels Pro Lumier for years and was SO upset when i heard they discontinued it . It is the only foundation over the years that i have found to be absolutely perfect . I bought this item on amazon since it 's not offered any longer in stores but the color was not the same as the naturel i always used to get . It was much darker then even the next shade up in this line -LRB- which i also own -RRB- i feel like something is wrong with this bottle .
 The perfume came in its original package . The product came to my house in three days . Fast service from the seller . The perfume was just average . I love the smell but it doesnt stay for longer period . I wouldnt recommend this product for summer use .
 I received this item in good condition and the products are of the volume described . But the perfume itself does not smell identical to the dept. store quality Escape perfume . I purchased this because I was running out of Escape and thought it was a great deal ; however , the perfume is very faint and different than the original product .
 Dissapointed in this product from this vendor . Lotion was not full ; missing about a quarter of its contents , and did not have time to return and ask for replacement . For the time it took to receive , due to the fact that I was not given the option to ship ups and it shipped via US Postal Service , and the fact that the body lotion was not full - was not worth saving a few dollars.Would not buy again - better off going to authorized retailer for this .
 I received the merchandise yesterday and while I am sure it is okay the price charged me is WRONG ! I am not willing to pay the $ 85.00 on the bill when this item was marked down on the Amazon website . I will be calling today to report this but it is disappointing that I now have to take my time to follow up your mistake .
 I have thick shoulder length hair . I needed something to keep the bangs out of my face . Not a serious extra powerful hold just something to hold back layered bangs . I cant believe anyone likes this stuff . It did NOTHING as far as hold and I mean nothing . I started to experiment and it doesnt hold up 10 hairs or even keep those hairs from flying around ... seems like bad smelling bottled water ... and thats it . The worse `` natural '' product I 've used so far .
 I was very excited to find the Suncoat product line because I 'm trying to make my home as green as possible . I have three colors of the nail polish and the nail polish remover . I love the Berry color nail polish but I have n't tried the electric blue yet . When I went to remove the polish from my toes , it took an exceptionally long time to remove . I did n't time the first foot however it was over ten minutes . It took 16 minutes to remove the polish from the other foot !!!!! I do n't know about other people but being a mom of two boys , I do n't have much time to begin with . This is not acceptable for me . I may have to go back to the chemical kind of remover .
 This remover works with both water based nail polish and regular nail polish . I used it with Suncoat non-peel-off nail polish and it took about 25 minutes to remove the polish from my fingernails . It gets the job done , but I do not like the unpleasant smell . There are other natural nail polish removers that smell better .
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my mother and had it shipped directly to her house . My mother did n't open it immediatley because she still had some of the Vivid I gave her for her birthday . She was very disappointed to discover the Vivid I purchased from the seller did n't have ANY fragrance . My mother is upset that I spent that kind of money but I am upset the the seller will not replace this defective product . We all know Liz Claiborne no longer makes Vivid perfume so every bottle out there is old , but do n't ship someone an inferior product and fall back on some return policy BS.FOR THE RECORD
 The entire transaction of this sale went extremely well ! I was very excited to receive the package in just a few days . However , I was disappointed in the product itself . I do not believe this to be the authentic Joop Eau De Toilette fragrance . I usually purchase my fragrances overseas and the Joop I get in the UK is definately not the same as the fragrance I recently purchased online . The UK purchase has more definate `` tones '' , much stronger/longer lasting qualities.I 'm not saying `` do not purchase '' . I just prefer the UK 's version of Joop .
 the bottle was half empty when I got it.You need to find a better way to ship perfume.Wouldn ' t order perfume from you again .
 This perfum smelt abrasive and old like it had been sitting around for awhile . It was so harsh I did n'tfeel like I could wear it . Not like an expensive perfume you just received . A total waste of money . I will not be buying from this seller again , whatsoever !!!
 I buy my husband the Joop for men and I love the smell of it . I took a chance on this hoping it would smell as well as the men 's colonge . I ca n't imagine any woman who would wear this fowl smelling perfume . I wasted $ 23 . Right after I opened the package and took a whiff , it went right into the garbage can . I would not recommend this product to anyone . Keep your money . I learned my lesson , never buy perfume online unless you know how it smells .
 Sure wish I knew before I ordered this perfume that there was no returns ! It smelled terrible ! Must have been on the shelves way too long . Talk about throwing money away ! Thats exactly what I did , threw it in the garbage !
 Yuck scent . No wonder it was priced so cheaply . But , if you savor heavy orientals , maybe you 'll like it . I immediately resold the product on Craig 's List at a loss .
 I ordered this , only to find that it was a knock-off . It did n't come in the pictured clear plastic case , it was leaking , and was NOT the real perfume . Do not be fooled by this seller .
 On December I bought lipsticks from World Shoppers . I ordered # 16 Apricot Fantasy which is a very light pink/apricot color . I received a VERY DARK color -LRB- Chrome -RRB- . After I gave the company a bad review through Amazon , I received an email from World Shoppers telling me to contact them to resolve the situation . I emailed them as instructed and never received an answer back from them . I will NEVER use this company again !
 OMGosh
 I saw this on Dr. Oz . Thought that I would give it a try . So far , I have not seen a change in the brown spot . Maybe it takes more than a month ??
 Beware of this product if you are likely to have any kind of allergic reaction to this product . And who would guess you would have such a reaction - given that it claims to protect you from harmful sun , is hypo-allergenic , is specially made children 's sensitive skin , it is clinically tested to be mild on kids ' skin.The reality on my skin was not the same ! I am not light colored , I put this stuff on my face -LRB- after I had used it on my kids -RRB- . After one day of exposure to the sun , I woke up next morning with a swollen , itchy dry face . My kids were scared to look at me . My eyes were barely visible . The skin had turned dry and scaly . My cheeks had puffed up to make my face look like a football and my cheekbones pushed out like a quarterbacks . My ears had turned into a pair of red Abyssinian bananas . First I thought it was the hot hawaiian sun or something bit me in the water . As the rash spread through my body I turned into a scary monster . I called the doctors office and they insisted I must have eaten shell fish or something like that . I told them I was a vegetarian so unless a fish forced itself into my body there 's no way it could have got in.Finally , I used benadryl topical that sucked my skin dry and after 15 days I started looking normal after moulting layers of skin . The dermatologist , primary care physician and the pharmacy all thought it was either fish , or stress , or the sun.This happened two more times and the third time I loaded up since we were going river rafting on a hot california day . The day after my face looked like a fried coconut - itchy , burny , etc. . Still no one figured it out . I googled various combination of keywords till I figured that it was sunblock - the alluminum in the paint -LRB- SPF 50 is pracically metal paint on your skin -RRB- . By mistake I put a little again on a trip to italy and it ruined the rest of my vacation . I sat like a reptile in pain for a week , cursing myself for the blunder and am just recovering!This stuff is dangerous , potentially poisonous . Please test thoroughly before risking your or your kids ' sensitive skins . I do n't have an alternative but I would rather get roasted dry by the sun than die of chemical poisoning from this .
 Never buy expired sunscreen , or sunscreen that does n't indicate the expiration date . Sunscreen does n't give protection beyond the expiration date !
 I bought this as a recommendation by an RN at a medical spa who explained that this body polish would help exfoliate my arms -LRB- pilaris keratosis -RRB- as well as apply a lactic acid containing lotion afterwards everyday . The best thing about this product is it smells good . That is the only benefit I have experienced with it . It is so weak as an exfoliator that I also tried it with a loofah at times , but it was like lathering a soap with my loofah ! Not effective and expensive , for what reason ? I also will second guess an RN 's suggestion next time as I see it was a marketing attempt . Just because a medical spa sells it does NOT mean it 's effective , it 's just a fancy looking , good smelling , medical sounding bottle of soap .
 I love this product . It is truly my go to lipgloss color . However , this particular tube leaks and gets everything in my purse all sticky . Yuck . I think the wand is loose or something . Somethings are better just picked up in store I suppose .
 This lipgloss is a nice color , but it smells and tastes absolutely HORRIBLE !!! And no , I do n't purposely ingest lipgloss , but any woman knows that if it 's on your lips , some of it is inevitably going to get in your mouth . Yuck . This is DEFINITELY not worth $ 24 . I will never buy this again . Save your money .
 This lipgloss was too pale , unflattering , and all nars lipglosses are way too sticky , make my lips peel , smell and taste bad . My go to lip glosses are revlon over the counter lipgloss .
 $ 24.00 for a lip gloss , that 's a pretty heavy duty price point for a lip gloss . I expect a LOT from gloss this expensive and high end.I ordered a tube of `` Orgasm '' and expected the perfect nude lip . Nope ! There just is n't anything about this gloss that impressed me . It was sticky . It was n't very opaque . There was so little color payoff ! I have had comparable -LRB- or dare I say , better ! -RRB- glosses for 1/5th the price . I ca n't believe I 'm about to type this , but L'Oreal makes a gloss a million times better than this at 1/4th the price ! Try NYX 's glosses at 1/6th the price -LRB- and I like them better than the L'Oreal -RRB- . Please do n't buy into the hype of the Orgasm gloss . You wo n't have an orgasm when you use it , you 'll be saying , `` That 's it . . ? ''
 This lipgloss tasted and smelled terrible ... like melted plastic . As much as I enjoy Nars products , I do n't recommend this gloss to anyone . Try MAC or Lancome or Revlon . This lipgloss was revolting .
 I bought this because I read that Nars made long lasting lip gloss but this product is just like any other lip gloss to me stays on for maybe one hour or so .
 The tanning oil itself is fine , with a nice smell and texture . However , the `` continuous spray '' bottle works poorly if at all ! Usually , the first time I depress it , some lotion comes out , but the spray peters out quickly , and subsequent attempts at using the bottle barely even get lotion to trickle out ! This would be much better in a lotion form or even just a tradition spray design .
 Gardenia is one of my favorite flowers because the fragrance is sweet and delicate . This product however is far from representing the natural fragrance . It is extremely strong almost like wearing an entire bottle of perfume at once . If you are looking for an oil with a hint or light fragrance , this is not the product for you . If you are looking for an oil that has an intense overpowering artificial scent , than you may like this product .
 I dont like the smell . I love gardina usually . . but not this time . VERY strong and smells like older womans purfume . Takes a while to get out of my hair . ugh
 I was excited to find this product , and was hoping for something that smelled similar to NARS Body Glow . This was definitely NOT it ! It smells more like old lady perfume that 's been on an old lady who has been dead for a couple months . REALLY nasty . My two year old -LRB- and this is a boy who does n't even mind the smell of his poopy diapers -RRB- got a whiff of it and said , `` EWW , yucky mommy ! '' Now , that 's pretty bad ! With that being said , I do have to give it a little credit . I used it on my hair in the shower -LRB- hoping the smell would n't linger since I would be washing it out with shampoo -RRB- , and it made my hair very soft . I can tell it would probably make my skin soft too , but the smell is just too disgusting to ever try that .
 I buy the 1 oz frankincense and myrrh oil from Halaleveryday all the time to put mix with the olive oil I burn in the oil candles at my icon corner . This four ounce oil is strange . I do n't know what it is , but it 's not oil . It smells very very heavy of frankincense I can not distinguish the myrrh at all . It is very thin - and smell a little of alcohol . It feels more like an astringent than an oil . The last time I received something like this from another company , the resin in the ` oil ' congealed in my oil flask and ruined the oil flask . I am very disappointed , and will not buy this again .
 The oil is wonderful , the scent is overpowering ! It is my own fault for not reading the label correctly . It says `` parfum '' in the listed ingredients . I am diluting it with other oils so I can wear it without getting a headache !
 I 've been using Monoi oils for as long as I can remember , there is something about the scent that is not only so soothing but it makes your skin feel like silk and makes you smell like the sweetest garden in the world.I love how I always get compliments by men and women wherever I go of how good and sweet I smell even if I forget to put some perfume on all day!I have grown accustom to the real traditional pure scent of Monoi flowers that the second I opened this up it made me sick and pretty upset to say the least for the so called &#34; Monoi &#34; scent.I will not complain about the oil freezing up because I did read it in the description prior to ordering so I was already prepared for that to happen.You must warm it up before every use so the oil can melt which does not really bother me because I always like to slightly warm my oils before massaging them into my skin because it feels so much better , but I will say that this specific oil looses its scent even more every time you heat it up.I would have definitely returned it but after warming it up , re-smelling it and going to place it on the counter the bottle just tipped over and 35 % just poured out!I 've used it several times since them to mix with potpourri or add a few drops in water and it has tipped over twice more which leads me to think that there is something seriously wrong with the design of the bottle since it wo n't stay straight the second you place down.I would never recommend this or buy it again .
 I am unsure if this is the way it was intended , but this product is more of a solid than a lotion . Therefore , it is so difficult to get the product out of the bottle . The fragrance is very , very strong .
 I remember smelling this in an ad and loving it but never got around to buying it because it is so expensive . So I decided to try it . I do n't love it . I like it much better after a couple of hours when it seems to not be as flowery and even then the scent does n't last very long . I will not be buying Michael Kors again . I would recommend going to a department store and spraying some on you and wearing it for a day or two before spending the money to own it . I was pretty disappointed . I did receive it quickly so that was nice .
 A website shows that an item is currently in stock and it takes a seller 4 days to send you a cancellation of the order message . I was in a rush to get this product as a gift , and since Amazon is reliable was trying to get it here - though you can get it a bit cheaper from other websites ...
 I am comparing this cloth with one I 've recently used . I had previously purchased this type of Avate wash cloth from Athena 's Products . It lasted well over a year for me and stretched out when it was wet , shrunk when it was dry . The Avate wash cloth I recently purchased here is ok . It shrunk when wet and the ends roll , which sometimes makes it hard to hold onto while washing . It still feels good in that it feels like it exfoliates as described , but I have to admit I was a bit disappointed . It was the opposite of the one I was used to , shrinking when wet and curling . But then again , I also paid about 1/2 the price for it , so I ca n't really complain . The old saying goes ` you get what you pay for ' so next time , I will spend the extra few $ $ for a better product .
 If you value your skin and want to prevent a burn DO NOT use this sunblock !!! I recently went to the beach and applied this SPF 36 thinking I would be protected . However , every place I applied the block I BLISTERED I was so burnt !!! My sister used this only on her chest and she was very burnt only there !!
 This product is not genuine , not original , not the original smell . Please return the money.I buy one at CVS and is really different.Please return the money . asp
 I love this product . It is truly my go to lipgloss color . However , this particular tube leaks and gets everything in my purse all sticky . Yuck . I think the wand is loose or something . Somethings are better just picked up in store I suppose .
 This lipgloss is a nice color , but it smells and tastes absolutely HORRIBLE !!! And no , I do n't purposely ingest lipgloss , but any woman knows that if it 's on your lips , some of it is inevitably going to get in your mouth . Yuck . This is DEFINITELY not worth $ 24 . I will never buy this again . Save your money .
 This lipgloss was too pale , unflattering , and all nars lipglosses are way too sticky , make my lips peel , smell and taste bad . My go to lip glosses are revlon over the counter lipgloss .
 $ 24.00 for a lip gloss , that 's a pretty heavy duty price point for a lip gloss . I expect a LOT from gloss this expensive and high end.I ordered a tube of `` Orgasm '' and expected the perfect nude lip . Nope ! There just is n't anything about this gloss that impressed me . It was sticky . It was n't very opaque . There was so little color payoff ! I have had comparable -LRB- or dare I say , better ! -RRB- glosses for 1/5th the price . I ca n't believe I 'm about to type this , but L'Oreal makes a gloss a million times better than this at 1/4th the price ! Try NYX 's glosses at 1/6th the price -LRB- and I like them better than the L'Oreal -RRB- . Please do n't buy into the hype of the Orgasm gloss . You wo n't have an orgasm when you use it , you 'll be saying , `` That 's it . . ? ''
 This lipgloss tasted and smelled terrible ... like melted plastic . As much as I enjoy Nars products , I do n't recommend this gloss to anyone . Try MAC or Lancome or Revlon . This lipgloss was revolting .
 I bought this because I read that Nars made long lasting lip gloss but this product is just like any other lip gloss to me stays on for maybe one hour or so .
 I had good expectations based on other reviews . I truly do not like this scent . It smells very cheap to me . Granted , it was only $ 15 bucks . It is not very sweet . There is a strong overtone of citrus . I do n't smell much floral . It actually irritates my nose/throat if I wear it . I took a chance buying without ever smelling because of the price and reviews . Hopefully I can find a friend who likes it and give it away .
 I have used this perfume , Liz , for 2 years and I am wondering what is different . . EDP ? Usually everyone says how wonderful I smell -- all day long ! With this bottle I ca n't even smell it after 2 miniutes !!!!!!!!!!!! I am bummed with this purchase but do not know what it is that has changed ? Maybe I bought the `` cologne '' before ? I just do n't know .
 Delivery was fast and the price was great . Much less inexpensive than buying it in a store . I would have rated five stars but for some reason the perfume 's scent is n't as strong & lasting as it is when I bought it in the stores . I do n't know why but I have to reapply more than a few times a day . It just does n't last . The last few bottles I purchased in store lasted me a very long time and I hardly ever had to reapply . When I bought this it came exactly as promised and smelled great but the smell is not long lasting which is a disappointment . Maybe I just got a bad bottle . * Updated review * 2/20/13I decided after searching for this perfume and the REAL perfume not this imitation that the product this company is selling is not the authentic perfume . I can no longer find this perfume in Marshall 's , TJ Maxx . Tonight I decided to search and it seems this is one of the very few who seem to have it available . I could n't bring myself to purchase this knock off again . It 's simply like scented water . Such a scam . It probably cost them 2 bucks to make a knock off product of scented water . . You are paying $ 30 or more.Save your money . . Do n't buy it . It 's not the real thing !
 What was Sally Hansen thinking keeping this product and not keeping New Cuticles which actually helped ?
 I was very happy till I open the product package . The product was duplicate . I will never recomend any body to buy perfumes from this seller . It was very disappointing as I bought it as a valentine day gift .
 Well I have been wearing Chance by Chanel for over 2 years . So when I had a gift card and saw the price on Amazon it was a no brainer . BUT when I got the product it was green -LRB- I mean grass green -RRB- and did NOT smell like Chance . I still had some in my old bottle to compare . I will never ever purchase a product like this again !!!
 There is no question this item is a counterfeit . Also , I found it cheaper at a department store . I returned it and promptly received credit by seller but was a waste of time . Another attempt at deceiving internet customers .
 I ordered 2 Chance by Chanel for Women , Eau De Toilette Spray , 3.4 Ounce from Mandy and not totally satisfied with them . The strange part was the perfume 's sprayer caps for both bottles were broken . I mean you could still put them back and spray but every time you pull the cap from the bottle , it brings the sprayer cap with it . I 've been using Channel for nearly half my lifespan and this is the first time something like this has ever happened . As for the product quality , I do n't recommend this seller . I 'd go to the perfume shop next time . Not Amazon .
 There are four Chanel Chance fragrances and I erroneously purchased a scent that did not appeal to me . The exchange process took numerous e-mails to be explained and was delayed due to the holidays . Although the item was sprayed once the item was never accepted for exchange because by the time the return procedure was clarified time had exceeded the seven day limit . Unfortunately , this experience has made me cease dealing with Amazon since I am now stuck with a rather expensive bottle of the eau de parfume that I have no use for ... Diane
 I USED to love this shampoo . When I was younger I would break into my mom 's stash and use it up -LRB- what a jerk ... I know -RRB- . Now that I have tried so many other shampoos I was completely disappointed with this . Either they changed the formula or it was never that good to begin with . After using this my hair felt drier and even my scalp started to get dry and itchy . I now have a giant bottle of crap shampoo that I have to throw out or maybe give to an unsuspecting friend/relative to try.FYI
 the bottle shown is not what you receive . I paid 25.00 for this shampoo thinking i was getting a great deal because of the super size bottle . I could have gotten the shampoo for 19.00 for the size they sent me . Shame on you . I did n't see any thing about 33oz . on the ad when I ordered .
 I placed an order on Febuary 7 , now is March 22 , yet i still do n't get the item , and the estimated shipping date is May 17
 Record shows I ordered it July 5 . It is Aug 5 , I have not got it yet .
 I placed my order on March 22th , today is April 20th and It has n't been shipped yet ... I really need this Shampoo and the others Biolage Products that I already ordered , my hair need them , please ship them soon !
 Ordered March 29 and still not shipped on April 27 . Why is this product still available to purchase if the orders obviously ca n't be filled ?
 I purchased Tracy by Ellen Tracy for my mom . She previously received it as a gift from someone else and this was a replacement . It smelled similar but it 's as if someone took the original and mixed it with water to make five new bottles . It does smell good but not when you compare it to the previous bottle . Maybe I just had the bad luck of getting the bad bottle but I 'm returning it , my mom is happy with it .
 I was happy with the condition and amount of time it took to receive this product , however the scent is not as strong as the same product that had been purchased in a local dept. store.Tracy By Ellen Tracy For Women . Eau De Parfum Spray 2.5 oz
 I ordered two bottles of from Jacob Karczag . The first ran out in -LRB- it was not full -RRB- a month and upon opening the second IT WAS TOTALLY EMPTY . Do n't even bother buying from this crook . The rating is for this fraud and not for the product . Avoid this seller .
 I have used this fragrance for years . This is not the same fragrance . Has a rotten smell to it and makes me wonder if the bottle was n't filled with an inferior product . Buyer beware of this company
 I ordered this perfume on December 17 , 2009 through Tuccini , when I learned I could n't get it directly from Amazon.com . I trusted that sine the vendor was used by Amazon , that I could believe their representations . However , after five days , on December 22 , 2009 , I received an e-mail from Tuccini informing me that the item was back-ordered . The possibility that the item could be back-ordered was not even mentioned in the ordering information , and in fact , they said they would have it to me by December 24 , 2009 . When I called their customer care number on the e-mail they sent , I was diverted to a call center who took a message , and I was told I would be called back . I never was . I made several additional e-mail inquiries , but never received a response . Today , December 23 , 2009 , I received an `` Order Cancellation Notice '' from Tuccini via e-mail . I called the number in that e-mail and spoke to a gentleman who could not adequately explain why they would take and process an order for an item they did not have in stock , nor could he explain why that determination took five days . Now , I am left to scramble to find another source for this perfume , which I told my wife I was giving her for Christmas , only 1.5 days before Christmas . Their ordering system is flawed , and I will never use them again .
 Did I say smell ? No , it 's more like stench ! OMG ! It 's so heavy , you can cut it with a knife ! And it smells cheap , reminds me of some old lady perfume ! It 's horrid ! If I could give it a zero or a minus , I definitely would ! Blah !
 I purchased Vital Radiance Face Primer Apricot last year for $ 16.95 each . This year it 's $ 42.49 for the exact same amount ? Really ?? Please someone , tell me this is a mistake . I loved the product , but I do n't love getting ripped off .
 I bought this primer because my usual brand is quite expensive and wanted to find something more economical . Apparently you get what you pay for . It goes on your face like paint and is bright orange . Of all the brands I have tried , this is the absolute worst !
 I ordered the pictured item , but instead received a totally different product that was n't at all what I needed . It actually was a set of items that had everything needed to bleach your hair except the pictured item . Really bummed : /
 This product was very hard to wash out of the hair even after using clarifying shampoo several times . Even the smell of the hair dye stayed in my hair for about 2 weeks . It damaged my hair and only lightened just a little bit which can barely even be recognized . I do not recommend this . Sun-in spray lightens better and is easy to wash out of the hair and does n't do as much damage as this product does .
 I was disspointed from this buyer . Unfortunately , the body spray smelled horrible . I 've been using this sheer for a long time so I know what it 's supposed to smell like . I ran out and the department store did n't have any in stock so I thought it would be easy to order online . Definately not what I paid for ! I tried returning the product but they said I only had 5 days to return . Because I knew what I had ordered I did n't open the package rigth away . I had to throw it away !
 The product which was shipped had an expiry date of 11/20/07 Lot # 2409a . Poor service by the retailer ''
 `` Package had dirty fingerprints all over and spray bottle was 3/4 full and I think it was used before and returned and resold . And it could also be a fake from China . ''
 After a few sprays the spray cologne would not spray . Had to break open the top and put in the regular cologne bottle when it ran out .
 When you close good toenail clippers with authority , there should be a snap as the jaws close , followed by a firm stop . These close , then mushily bend instead of stopping . This means that when you are cutting tough nails , there is a split-second pause after closing while the clippers bend , until there is enough force that the path of least resistance is to finally go through the nail instead of bending more.If this were a $ 0.99 pair of clippers I would perhaps be generous and award two stars but for $ 11 I expected a lot more .
 The clipper fell apart after using it only twice . The `` connector '' that held the clipper together flew out , almost hitting me in the eye . I put the `` connector '' back several times , but it was not working properly and kept popping out . The last time that happened it flew down the drain of my bathroom sink.When I contacted the manufacturer , Mehaz , at first this guy I spoke to asked me to send him the broken clipper at my own expense so the company could fix it . Then I asked to speak with a supervisor . The supervisor , named Marcia , acknowledged that the problem with the connector happens all the time and said that she would send me a couple of replacement after I email her the model and my mailing address . After I emailed her , she reneged on her promise and lied by saying that she only offered to send me a couple of `` connectors '' . I explained again that I 'd already tried to put back the connector many times but it kept popping out . She also tried to blame me for the damage , even though she admitted in our first conversation that the problem I 've experienced `` happens all the time '' . In summary , the product is worthless , and Mehaz ' guarantee a joke .
 I thought these were fingernail clippers and they were toenail clippers . Because they came from one of your `` associates '' I had quite a time returning the product . There was nothing on the enclosed paperwork except an order # and when I went into Amazon to return , I input the order # and got a message that it was an incorrect # . Finally , I got your phone # from google and they contacted the associate who contacted me . I have sent it back over a week and a half and have not yet received my credit . I doubt if I would ever order from Amazon again .
 I have had a long line of suction cup magnifying mirrors ... I tend to accidentally leave them in motels when I travel . This one is the worst that I have owned . There is something slightly off to the magnification so you really have to focus and not move to be able to see . Also , it is about an inch smaller in diameter than what I would prefer . On a positive note , the suction cups work great and that is not always the case .
 I do not write reviews often . But buyers should beware that this is not a genuine Swissco product . I bought this one to replace a genuine Swissco product -LRB- made in Germany -RRB- and when this arrived found that this is a copycat product that is made in China . The wood is rough around the edges , and the cushion that the pins sit in are not soft . As a result , it feels like you are using a steel yard rake to brush your hair . If I could , I would give this product zero stars .
 The fragrance is `` too heavy '' for me . Did not return the item because I had already opened it . Only good thing is I bought the small sized bottle .
 I literally had to come back on here and make sure I did n't order mens cologne because I really thought I ordered the wrong item ! This parfum is very , very strong and not for a 20-something year old like myself ! My nose is a little irritated now because I took too much of a deep sniff ! LoL -LRB- exaggerating ! -RRB- But really , initially I believed it was for men not women ! I do n't like it . Another reviewer said his wife uses Chanel # 5 and Angel and compared it to this Gucci , well those are a couple scents that I love and have used for years but I could n't stand this one nor could I compare it . Chanel and Angel are strong but obviously feminine , this isnt . I want people to KNOW its MY , A WOMANS , PARFUM ! lol . It 's wayyyy too overbearing . I passed it around and everyone agreed that it smells like a mans cologone ! Once it has been on for a little bit it does have a more soft feminine smell , but I 'm still not sure if I 'm going to try to wear it or just give it to my fiance ! Now I 'm concerned if whether or not I bought a real bottle or a fake -LRB- in regards to what one reviewer said -RRB- ! I would just take your butt to Neiman Marcus , Macy 's , etc. and smell it for yourself . Plus that way you KNOW it 's legit !
 Do not buy from this person . This is the worse fake bottle of cologne I 've ever seen . The top silver part of the bottle -LRB- the cap -RRB- is plastic . It 's supposed to be like a metal material . The glass bottle was so poorly made and it was leaking out of the cap , right out of the box . LOL . The box it came in was another story but i wo n't get into that , but it looked fakely made as well . The silver paint from the plastic is flaking off extremely bad . The label that says Gucci on the bottle is flaking off too . The worse part of this is the scent , it smells really good , but , it lasts for like 5 minutes just like the knock-offs that you can buy from cheap stores and stuff . Read the other reviews from the people that bought it -LRB- and did n't realize it was a fake -RRB- , even they said the smell does n't last very long too . I am soooo pissed off . This was supposed to be a Christmas present . I know for a FACT that Gucci would never make something like this . You bastard !
 So I took a chance when I bought this perfume . I had never smelled it before , so when I got it I was pleasantly suprised . It smelled great , but after you spray it , there is no more smell .
 When I received merchandise , it was expired ... smell was bad and not what was expected ! It was probably repackaged and sold as new ? This product was long over its shelf life and should have never been sold !!! Company said they would look into it but I never got a favorable response and eventually after a month was able to send in bottle to merchant ! Still waiting for refund ...
 I tried this product in a store once and loved it . When I saw the incredible price here , I immediately ordered one . I still adore the scent of this perfume however it does not last more than a hour or so . I have to carry the bottle with me whenever I go out and it is getting frustrating !! So think twice before you buy and save your money .
 Even though I have used the address over 6 times without any problem , this seller did not deliver my product stating that my address was incorrect.I was so excited to receive this product , but now I am really dissapointed !
 I bought this because I smelled it on one of my patients , and loved it ! But when I got it and tried it on myself . I felt I smelled like an older lady ...
 I was on the States on vacation and wanted to buy this perfume to give to a friend as a gift . Here in Brazil it is very expensive . I found this nice offer at Amazon.com and ordered it . The fragance is awesome . My disappointment with this purchase is due to the fact that in any moment they advertised it as a refurbished or not new item . When I received the package the perfume 's box was totally opened and the seller sent me a note saying that the perfume was used once -LRB- or something like that -RRB- . I felt cheated and was very angry but could n't send it back and ask for a refund cause I was coming back to my country . I have bought at Amazon.com before and it never happened . Really disappointing .
 I was so excited to see this on Amazon . I went ahead and ordered it -LRB- good thing I did n't order two like I wanted to -RRB- Anyhow first the box is wrong . Original box for Noa came in TWO pieces . -LRB- As recently as 6 months ago , as I bought a few in Toronto -RRB- This box came in one piece . Second as soon as you spray it on you it smells like alcohol . And for any of you who do n't know FAKE perfum typically smells like that . It smells NOTHING like the other THREE bottles I have -LRB- I like to stock up as this perfum is so hard to find -RRB- . I would def return if I could , but because it 's open I ca n't . Please do n't buy it is DEF FAKE ! = - /
 When I received this product and opened it , you could tell that it was not new . I do n't mean used , I mean old . This is a problem with perfume because it loses its scent and goes `` bad . '' That happened with this product . It is quite astringenty and nothing like the original scent . In fact I wore it only once before I just decided I wasted my money .
 I purchased Noa because I ca n't find it in stores . Unfortunately , the fragrance is similar to the original Noa but unusual . Also , it does n't last for longer than 10 minutes . The original Noa would last all day . I do n't know if the bottle that I purchased is just too old , and thus `` gone bad '' , or if it is a poor copy . Needless to say , I am very disappointed and will not buy it again . For $ 53 , I thought I had a bargain . It was definitely a waste of money . -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000C1Z2AU/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title -RRB-
 I LOVE THIS PERFUME !!! WENT TO REORDER ONLINE , ORDERED FROM TUCCINI THROUGH AMAZON.WHAT I RECEIVED WAS WATER IN A CACHEREL BOTTLE.HAVE RETURNED IT , BUT WAITING FOR A RESPONSE FROM THEM.THEY HAVE SEVERAL COMPLAINTS WITH THE BBB IN NEW YORK.I WILL BUY NOW FROM WHERE I CAN ACTUALLY SMELL IT FIRST !
 I absolutely love Cerrutti 1881 and use it all the time , but this scent was a disappointment , it is nothing like it 's sister smell .
 I really wanted to like the Sebamed line of products , but I just could not take the smell . If you 're planning on purchasing this line of products , try to get samples to determine if you can tolerate the scent before purchasing .
 I order this product because it was a reasonable price for unbox . The powder in the jar was not Angel Powder .
 These rollers do n't heat up , do n't hold a curl , are inconvenient , and are of poor quality . I will never , ever buy hot rollers from Revlon again ! I should have stuck with my Conair hot rollers as they have NEVER let me down.Okay , this Revlon Radiance Lighted Instant Heat Hairsetter -LRB- a/k/a hott rollers -RRB- come with metal , color coded clips . Metal clips are good , but all the rollers are RED and they are different sizes , so unless you memorize that the green clip is for the small rollers , than that 's just inconvenient , and at 5 a.m. in the morning I do n't want struggling with my rollers to be the most difficult part of my day ! Also , there is no place inside the hot roller container to store the clips , so you have to put them back in the plastic bag they came in.Next , the lid does not flip back , you have to remove it.The velour around the rollers is so thin that I do n't know why they bothered putting it on there in the first place , and there were notched holes in it.The rollers do n't heat up very well , so my hair had no curl.Lastly , the different sized rollers go on different sized rods , so unless you memorized which row you pulled the large roller , etc. from , then you 're wasting your time trying to figure out how to put them back on the correct size rod.BOTTOM LINE
 I bought this and was not impressed with the cream . I than saw Eye Revival on Amazon and how similar it was but it was over $ 70 CHEAPER !!! I have since bought Eye Revival and have been happy with the results but really happy that I paid A LOT less . Try Eye Revival instead and save yourself time AND money ! You will not be disappointed !
 If it ca n't cover the grey hair , what is then the purpose ??? You should be blond to use it , and you will end up with locks of orange color .
 Unfortunately I had to re write my original review which was very positive but after 2 weeks since first time use of this product , I must update my frightening discovery.I 've been losing a lot of hair . Especially while being washed . It comes out in clumps . It falls out every time I stroke through it or when being comb or brushed . It seems I 'm just leaving a trail of hair every where.The good news is I have thick hair so I have lots of it but this loss of hair is quite alarming.I went to my hair stylist over the weekend for a hair cut and when she comb through my wet hair , she caught a clump of hair fall out . She gasped . I told her about this henna and said I 've been losing hair since use ... I also read from another reviewer that she also lost a lot of hair so I guess I 'm having the same exact problem . Just be warned for any other persons interested in using this product . Not sure what could be causing this since I did not have any other allergic reaction to the dye.Other then that , this would have been a perfect product . The ingredients in this product is quite alarming . I thought henna suppose to be much better option then conventional hair dye but it 's actually the later ... Stay away from it .
 I 've bought it based on good reviews . I 've used Colora products before but decided to switch as I could n't find Colora black . Well , I 've got a lot of black on the walls of my shower , on the pillow case , next day in the pool ... And in couple of weeks , nothing black remained on my grey . Going back to Colora even if I have to switch the color .
 This stuff is a mess to apply and does n't get your hair black.The color that you do get will run out in about two weeks anyway so do n't waste your money .
 Very Disappointed ! It 's the worst product I ever tried . The color does n't stay on your hair at all . Do n't wast your money to try it ! . BTW , it 's not nature at all .
 Hi there , I tried the henna fluid cause i thought it would be easier to apply than the real henna powder . Unfortunatly it turned out really dark green . I had to re-dye it with a normal chemical colouration ...
 I dont have much gray hair , but even then this doesnot work to coverup gray . There was no change in the color for hair even after keeping it for 1 hr as instructed . But All my skin got really dark , and it is really looking bad -LRB- like a scar now -RRB- I hope it will get back to normal with 2-3 shampoos . Dont buy this product at all . It is useless .
 This product did not work as advertised . It imparts some color but not much . It did n't work too well for me .
 This is the first time I 've ordered this product and found hard clumps in it . I think this company sold me a defective or old bottle of color .
 First of all , I received the box which was pretty beat up . Then I realized that the product was old . When I used it on my hair , it had a lot of gritty substance which I have no idea of what it was . I had to wash my hair THREE TIMES to get whatever this substance was out of my hair . It didnt cover much grey even after leaving it on for 1 hour . For the price , I dont think I will be purchasing from this vendor again , and will purchase directly from Surya if I can .
 Henna can not dye anything black . This product may have henna in it , but it is not the henna that dyes your hair . It is unnatural & possibly dangerous , especially if you are using henna for its natural properties .
 I had an amazing experience at an organic spa in Philadelphia . I got home and went on Amazon to get my own water based nail polish . I knew about the `` do n't use hot water on your hands for 8 hours '' rule with this polish type.This polish does not come out smooth . It is streaky . More streaky than something you get at Walgreens for .99 I put 3 coats -LRB- 3 coats ? -RRB- on at 9pm last night . I woke up at 8am . I took a shower . The nail polish got all over the place and looked a wreck . I was late for work trying to get the darn stuff off . Worst water based polish ever ! The thought is there ... but the R&D ; needs to be redone !
 I ordered this product because I like the scent of the lavendar ZZZtherapy lotion by Healing Gardens . It is one of the few products that does n't bother my allergies and has a scent that stays fresh and true . However , it is no longer available . I ordered this as a substitute . Do n't order it expecting the same scent . This lotion has a soapy smell to it and is not light and pleasant . The scent is perfumy but not necessarily lavendar .
 This was my sister 's signature scent in high school , and I thought of it when I wanted a light floral scent for everyday . I was very disappointed when I received it as it now has a musky overtone that ruins it for me . I am EXTREMELY allergic to musk , not to mention I do n't care for the smell , so I do n't care if it DOES make the colgne last longer - I ca n't wear it . Very dissapointed .
 I ordered my DermaNew Acne kit in late January 2007 . The item came packaged in a ziplock bag , which was odd . Out of the bag , the item was open ; there was no shrinkwrap or anything to protect the contents , thought the included spongeheads -LRB- one small , one large -RRB- were shinkwrapped , as were the included AA batteries . The `` tool '' itself reminds me of Neutrogena 's dermabrasion tool , both in the type of plastic used , and the vibrations it makes
 After searching for a hair dryer brush that rotated I thought I had found it , but I did not . In spite of the ad 's statement
 This product did not work for me and when I got in touch with the customer service , they are not ready to help.If you really want this product , same model ; I suggest that you buy it elsewhere because if you buy it from this seller and by any chance the product is defective , they will NOT accept returns or give you any refund OR EVEN EXCHANGE IT !!! -LRB- I was ready to pay a little extra for better quality but I was obviously wrong -RRB- It was a complete waste of money and besides , this product is more expensive than many other very good ones in the market!Their policy is `` once you have used it , we do not take it back '' !!!! If the buyer does not try to use it , how will she know if it works fine or not ??? !!!! BEWARE!LOL
 I used this product on my hair in January . It turned a ghastly shade of orange and would NOT come out . My hair is still red after using color stripper and putting other colors over the henna -LRB- after going through a tortuous procedure of mineral oil and alcohol all over my head -RRB- . Despite how it is advertised , this is NOT a temporary color . When I went to a salon and told them what I had done , they basically laughed at me and refused to touch my hair other than to cut it . If you want to color with something temporary , steer clear of this product
 Bought this in a store . One of the plastic gloves inside had the middle finger cut which made it unusable ; it was a pain using only one hand . After checking the label , I noticed it was manufactured in Brazil . I wonder if the cut middle finger is n't a message from the assembly line workers regarding how well they are paid/treated by this company . Otherwise why the sabotage?Oh yeah - and just to elucidate the one-star review
 shipping was quick and successful , product packaged well . However after dying my hair with product -LRB- it seemed to work beautifully -RRB- i am unsatisfied , since the product washed out of my hair within two washes !!! I loved how it went on smoothly and perfect during the application , and after it was applied . I really do wish the effect did stick around ! I am only sad that it washed out , and my money and hopes went literally , down the drain . Thanks for letting me try it out !
 I bought this product expecting it would cover at least part of my grey hair -LRB- I do n't have that much grey hair -RRB- and it did n't work AT ALL . I tried leaving the product on my hair a little longer and still nothing happened . I regret wasting my money on this product . I would n't recommend this product to anybody .
 I used the Surya dark brown once and was very pleased . Hair more dark auburn , but after a few washings definitely a pleasant dark brown . Washed out to a medium brown , but natural looking and kept color much better than commercial dyes - to my surprise . Since I 'm very gray at the top , roots really showed , so I decided to go to a lighter brown with new applications . First time I did light brown it was fine . But the second time , the result of the new application , over new gray and previous light brown was a definite strong lavender . I thought it was because I was out in the sun right after , but next time got more , absolute purple . A pretty color , but not what I was looking for . When I called company , the US rep could n't tell me anything about why that might have happened , but did have in her notes that gold or goden blonde should neutralize purple . So - company have neutralize-purple instructions . That tells it 's own story . Have no idea how often this happens - maybe it 's rare . A shame since my initial experience was so positive . I 'll probably try the darker brown again if I can ever get rid of the purple . By the way , as someone above mentioned , do n't count on this being temporary color . Great for those of us who want permanent color - if you get the color on the label !
 If you have lots of gray , Surya Cream is probably not for you . It fades VERY quickly . I 'm about 70 % gray ; my original color was dark brown . After 4 washings my hair would be a different shade , going from about a 5 to a 4 in conventional dye terms . Re
 I never review anything until I realized how helpful they are . I purchased this product based on reviews and hmmm ... i guess some were happier than I.Tried this product last night and here 's my thoughts.Deposited color nicely and covered the gray well ! The only downside is the red stained scalp . I would equate this product with Jazzing in Black Cherry . Basically save the money and shipping and purchase the Jazzing for $ 4.00 it provides the same depth of color and it 's a rinse as well.What I did n't care for was how thick the product was . Honestly I 'm glad I purchased two bottles . My original intention was to be able to use one in the future . However , I ended up needed both ! My hair is currently in a short flip , so longer hair would need 4 bottles and beyond !! I would truly say experiment with true Henna ; this product does n't give the real effect of Henna . I 've decided to go with the real deal and wo n't reorder this version .
 This ingredient , propylene glycol , is in Surya Henna which is listed as one of the top five toxic ingredients
 I purchsaed two bottles of this Surya Henna , followed their directions and none of my gray hair was colored . This may work for other women but not me !
 even if left on 4 hours , did not cover roots and washed out very quickly and then rootsturned red/purple and had 2 different colors going on . have allergies to hair dye but this is not the solution . just does n't do the job as well as i would like it to .
 Hi , I used this product several times and followed as directed . This is definitely not a replacement for drugstore hair dyes as it does not work . If you shampoo your hair the dye simply comes off .
 It looked good the first day I colored my hair . After that the color completely washed away . Very disappointing !!!
 I used this product once and it will be the last . The good thing about this product is that it does n't have an odor and it did color my grey . However , the covered over grey came out pretty reddish at first -LRB- along with my scalp -RRB- , but then the hair started to take on a shade of pink and then purple . For the hair that was n't originally grey , the color was too dark and very flat / no sheen . I have colored my hair with true henna powder several times and got much better results . I will not buy this product again .
 Although your hair will FEEL great -- it will still be gray as gray can be . Does n't turn gray hair silvery at all .
 The product does not cover gray hair . I made 2 attempts and left the color on for the maximum time . When I called Surya , they told me to go back to the store where I purchased it and ask them to contact Surya . The store -LRB- Ricky 's -RRB- does not contact Surya . Therefore there is no guarantee . Disappointed .
 This dye stained my scalp . I am natural and I decided to cut my hair shorter . After the Barber cut my hair real low at the nape ... he asked me what was the stains on the my nape area . I got a mirror and looked . I could not believe my eyes ... my whole nape area was blueish black !!! I used the black dye Surya Henna . I went home and I scrubbed and scrubbed my nape and the stains did not move one bit . I use apple cider , olive oil ... clarifying shampoos , dawn dish detergent and was about to use hydrogen peroxide until my husband stopped the 4 day madness . He advised me to be patient and it would most likely fade away ... thank God he is my voice of reason ... lol However its been 2 weeks and I still scrub my nape everyday with a clarifying shampoo and it has just started to fade some . In the mean time I have been wearing wigs and another thing ... the color has already faded and it looks like dirty muddy brown and my grays are a tinsel tangerine orange and . . and ... it dried my scalp out ... my scalp flakes everyday . Ummmm NEVER AGAIN !!! My hair is naturally very dark black ... with 10-15 % gray ... and I just wanted a nice black ... I have never done henna before so I went with this and thought it would be fool proof ... well I can report I was the fool ... lol Since this mishap ... I have been carefully studying all natural henna and indigo ... and I well be doing the long tidies for REAL natural henna dye ... as soon as this dye fade from my scalp . I say dont cut corners and try this ... your hair and scalp well mostly likely thank you later ... . Just my 2 cent . . lol
 I have think dark hair . it doesnt die my hair thoroughly , even though I slept overnight with it .
 I bough this product because i have developed allergies to regular hair color in the market i was looking for something natural . However , this product is not natural and contains many chemicals .
 This product is very promising ! Even comes with a plastic shower cap , plastic gloves and instructions ; unlike , the powdered henna . However , the results are very diappointing ! Unlike some people , when I purchase a new product I 'm not familiar with , I use it according to the instructions only ; just as I did with this product . According to the instructions , 30 minutes gives light brown hair and 45 minutes gives reddish brown . I left the product in for 45 minutes and my hair had n't changed AT ALL . I certainy will not purchase this again . Dont believe the HYPE people !
 OVER 16 DAYS AND I STILL HAVENT RECIEVED THE PRODUCT ... THEY DONT ANSWER UR EMAILS AWFUL COMPANY TO DEAL WITH ...
 ok let me start by saying it felt nice in my hair and washing out my hair , if your looking for something to condition more than color than this is for you . if uh like seeing the product on your towels each time your hair gets wet after rinsing it out properly than feel free and buy but if yuor like me and enjoy stain free towels and you want color in your hair then dont waste your time monmey & energy
 This is certainly NOT henna ! Henna can only stain hair in one color
 My husband and I tried this product at the same time , we got the same result , which is the color does n't stay at all , not to mention to cover the gray . I do n't even bother to send the other unopen bottles back to the seller , because I have to pay for the return shipping fee .
 First , be warned that this is NOT a nice , super-safe , all natural herbal henna hair color ! The advertising and packaging are very misleading . The main ingredients in this preparation are Ethoxydiglicol -LRB- helps the dye penetrate the hair shaft -RRB- , which is NOT recognized as safe in Europe and even worse is the Methylpyrrolidone which is an industrial solvent ! There are other less than innocuous ingredients including monoethanalomine and mineral oil . This is all listed in micro-size print on the bottom flap of the box and requires a magnifying glass to read . On the side of the box they list all the warm , fuzzy , safe , `` natural '' ingredients in large type with little pictures.Since the `` natural , herbal '' ingredients comprise far less of this product than the `` questionable unnatural '' ingredients , I think this is just plain unethical , especially given their web site advertisements making it sound as if their product is so much safer than hair dyes with ammonia , PPD and peroxide , which is just not true . PPD looks to be bad news but is it worse than coating your scalp with an industrial solvent and leaving it on for 45 minutes ??!! Ammonia and peroxide dry out your hair , but so do Ehtyoxydiglicol -LRB- which acts similar to hydrogen peroxide -RRB- and mineral oil.That being said , it did color my gray quickly and easily with the first application and the resulting color is very nice . I mixed Mahogany with Burgundy as Mahagany is orangish - brown and Burgundy is pinkish brown and together they gave me a fairly natural look . However , my hair was VERY dry and felt awful after I put the dye on it . I used an intensive conditioner after the next 3 shampoos which helped quite a bit.Overall , I am not sure I would use this product again . I like the color and the ease with which it goes on and I like the fact that it covers gray so well , but I do n't like the false advertising of this company and I do n't like the way the product made my hair feel . I had been using typical consumer hair coloring products -LRB- L'Oreal and Clairol -RRB- for years and I do n't think I will go back to them either . I want something safer , but effective and I think I will keep looking .
 I am a breast cancer survivor and am looking for a safe hair color to cover my gray hair . Unfortunately this is not the one . It contains a few natural ingredients and synthetic ones . I checked this brand out on the Eviromental Working Groups Skin Deep cosmetic date base . You type in the name of the product and it is rated for safety and all the ingredients are listed and broken down into what health hazards they can cause . This product did not do very well . As a cancer survivor I will not be using , or reccomending this product . I encourage everyone to get on line and check out the Skin Deep cosmetic data base before purchasing or using any product !
 This product says it 's made from all natural ingredients , but once you really read the fine print , it has the following : May contain the following : HC Blue 2HC Yellow 5HC Red 3HC Yellow 2HC Yellow 4HC Red 1Disperse Violet 1HC Violet 14 DDisperse BlackSo basically you are putting a bunch of synthetic dyes on your head . If you search on any of these synthetic dyes , they are pretty scary.The product does a nice job of coloring your hair ... but it certainly is n't a natural product . I tried calling the company , but they are down in Brazil and my portugese is pretty lousy !
 This is one of those synthetic dyes with a little henna in it , masquerading as henna , that give true henna a bad name . So many reviewers were surprised at how well it covered gray . That is because it is a regular synthetic color.If you want to use real henna on your hair , it should have one ingredient listed
 I tried this `` henna '' b/c I get dizzy with any type of hair coloring . The chemicals and me just do n't agree . This chocolate cream made me have the same reaction so of course I had to rinse it quickly and for a long time . As you know this take forever . Now that my hair is dry ... the grey is yellow . Thanks for nothing Surya `` Henna '' Cream .
 I used real Henna before and it covered my grey hair on first attempt . I used the golden blonde and it did NOT cover any of my grey hair even though I left it on my hair for 40 mins -LRB- 10 min longer than recommmended -RRB- . Product is not 100 % natural !
 . I think that I wasted my money because this Henna Silver Fox just did n't do anything to my hair . I am very light blonde .
 I thought this product was better than regular hair dye but it did not even turn my light brown hair blonde at all . I do n't even know what the point of it is .
 Bought 3 bottles and followed directions exactly as stated . It does not cover gray hairs at all ! Big waste of money and an even bigger waste of time . I sat around for 3 hours on the last treatment with a plastic cap on my head for nothing . My hair was clean and dry and even rinsed it off with cold water and used no shampoo . What a useless product !
 I tried this product because I had read reviews saying it covered gray hair . It did not work at all for me , and irritated my skin . This apparently has a lot more added to it than just henna and plant products . I have used real henna products for years and never had a problem until this . I was really disappointed in the fact it did not cover gray hair AT ALL . It was a total waste of my time and $ $ $ .
 The product is easy to use but it does not cover gray hair . I have a lot of gray at my temples . I tried this product 3 separate times . I left it on over an hour and re applied warm towels over it and still the gray hair came out red . The color was not a pretty red either , it was a Bozo the clown red color . Absolutely horrible !!! I 'm so disappointed . I was really looking for a natural , easy to use product to cover my grays . This is NOT it !
 It is a great product ! , I love everything about it except the fact that it last no more than a week ! , it washes out very quickly , I want something that will stay in my hair longer . It could be the color , because red always washes out fast . Besides that I loved it , great smell , it leaves your hair feeling incredible , it 's good for your hair unlike the other hair coloring products .
 On December I bought lipsticks from World Shoppers . I ordered # 16 Apricot Fantasy which is a very light pink/apricot color . I received a VERY DARK color -LRB- Chrome -RRB- . After I gave the company a bad review through Amazon , I received an email from World Shoppers telling me to contact them to resolve the situation . I emailed them as instructed and never received an answer back from them . I will NEVER use this company again !
 NOT the same as the `` old '' Realities ! I was so excited to find it , I bought 2 , and it is ok , but should have another name . I am in mourning over loss of a great perfume !
 Product was a TESTER - NOT FOR RESALE - after several complaints I was refunded money.If item is not for resale - it should not be sold on Amazon .
 I made a mistake and they will cut of o/o 15 of the price because I wanted to return wow what a terrible company : -LRB-
 I was hoping to get a ` solid ' pair of cotton gloves . These are MESH . That 's NOT made evident from the description .
 I have tanned for years and this absolutely the worst lotion I have ever used . I am fairly dark complected and use the tingle lotions to get the best results . This lotion has no tingle , I have got absolutely no results from it . The only thing I manage to get was the stains on my hands from applying it that last for days and made my hands look dirty . I would highly recommend anyone from this product , it was a waste of money and is useless .
 On December I bought lipsticks from World Shoppers . I ordered # 16 Apricot Fantasy which is a very light pink/apricot color . I received a VERY DARK color -LRB- Chrome -RRB- . After I gave the company a bad review through Amazon , I received an email from World Shoppers telling me to contact them to resolve the situation . I emailed them as instructed and never received an answer back from them . I will NEVER use this company again !
 After ordering product , company never responded . Amazon did however let me know that they were not getting a response from the company either . I never received product , nor was I charged for the product .
 In the description , it says non-greasy . What a joke . It is totally greasy . I would not recommend this to anyone unless you will be washing your hair right after you put it in ! It was a waste of my money . Also , it does not smell good either .
 I started to realize that this stuff is making my daughters hair look very dry and brittle . I do n't understand why , but it did . It also looked like her hair was stunted . Almost as if it did n't want to grow and shine anymore . It was the weirdest thing , because i really wanted this stuff to work . Especially becuz of that high price . So I tryed it a couple of times and each time i was hating the way my daughters hair was starting to look . Very dry and made her curls look crunchy and shortend her hair length to tight dry curls that look like they want to break . But it does make the hair easier to comb , which is weird . I dunno . It did n't work for me anymore . This item is waaaay over priced for the things it DO N'T do .
 I have natural 4a hair that tends to be really dry and tangled all the time . this left my hair too oily and the smell was too over powering . i had to store it in a refrigerator cos it melts at room temperature . i will not be purchasing this again
 The last product I used was made by TIGI and came in a small , dark blue , plastic spray bottle ... but I can no longer find this product ... which is unfortunate since this was a great product that left my hair glamorously shiny and so lite that you could n't tell that you have it on your hair . Since this received rave reviews and was also made by TIGI , thought I 'd try it . Do n't waste your money on this because it did not create shine .
 `` premium price due to scarcity '' ????? This color is still in production by MAC , has not been discontinued and can easily be bought from MAC , the MACcosmetics internet site or dept. stores with a MAC counter for the regular $ 14 price.I own this color . It 's a beautiful retro red . Buy it for $ 14 from a reputable distributor .
 I purchased this along with the small size Toppik fibers.After the first use it became clogged with the fibers and would no longer work.I attempted to clean it , but that did no good .
 DId n't look like Hologram polish on my nails . Would n't order it again . I was disappointed in the product . At leasrt it wasn ' t expensive .
 Maybe I did n't read the product description thoroughly , but I assumed it would be a clear coat that can either be worn alone or on top of another color and would give a holographic illusion . Its more like a glitter polish and the hologram is n't very good .
 I really wanted to try this shampoo , as I 've been having issues with my hair and scalp recently and none of the dandruff or coal-tar shampoos have had any effect . I like to buy SLS-free , paraben-free shampoos from Wholefoods , which are more expensive than your Herbal Essences , etc. , but this Neem shampoo is still a bit pricey even in comparison to those . But I wanted to give it a try because if it worked like others had said , it would be worth it . But what I received was an empty bottle . A completely , 100 % empty bottle . The box it had shipped in was not damaged or covered in the shampoo , but I found a small crack on the bottom of the bottle . However , since there was no shampoo on the bottle or shipping box , I believe the shampoo had leaked out prior to shipping and was shippied to me in this condition , empty . Also , I contacted the seller -LRB- Livamed -RRB- as per the Amazon protocol , and never even received a response , let alone a replacement as should have been the case . Amazon was great and promptly refunded my money , but I would never order anything again from Livamed and I wish Amazon would carry the shampoo from a different seller . Livamed seems to have positive ratings , with a few very negative complaints similar to mine , but the positive reviews are so short and generic , I have to wonder if they are written by actual customers . If I were you , I would not order anything from Livamed , order the product elsewhere to avoid the possibility of having a problem with your order , because Livamed wo n't fix it and then you 're left having to order from somewhere else anyway .
 this shampoo is very harsh it dryed my hair out bad with 1 use , i had to put major oil treatments on my hair after using this shampoo
 I bought this shampoo because I 've been having so many problems with my hair , I know that many of those problems comes with aging , the hair aged as we do . When I purchase this product was based on the reviews , my hair is thick and naturally curly , I bought coconut oil Vatika , Raw argan oil and Ojon hair repairing mask , and my hair feels so good after these products penetrate into hair but right after shampooing my hair with TheraNeem Gentle Therape Shampoo my hair becomes like wire , hard and stiff , it feels awful !!! it looses completely the moisture despite I 'd used those products hours prior to wash my hair , and using a very good conditioner , that 's not enough to return my hair 's natural moisture , this is one of the worse shampoos I had ever used . My hair still falling out like crazy , now is even more frizzy , the worse part is that I bought two of them , one for me and the other as a gift , but now I am thinking what to do !!! my friend is even older than me with hair problems and she does n't like to use conditioner because her hair is thinning and the conditioner flats her hair down . Probably I 'd give that to her because just because if it is n't good for me that does n't mean it is n't good for her , I do n't know ??? . I Wo n't buy it again .
 The product was okay . Did not like the thin consistency . Otherwise , okay . Promptly shipped . Love some of the other products .
 This is not the same cologne that I have been using for years . I want to make it clear that I 'm not reviewing the cologne itself , but rather the product that I received from the seller . It does n't have the same scent at all , and now that it 's not as popular the product is even harder to find . I had my girlfriend and friends say that it smells different and not like it usually did.It 's quite a sham but it looks like I 'll have to move on from my old faithful cologne . I 'd also recommend to the seller to throw out the rest of their stock of this because it does n't smell like its supposed to at all .
 My wife bought this for me and when it came in , we knew we had a problem . The UPC stickers were all removed from the box and covered up by this phony companies own . The Label on the bottom of the bottle was also removed . It smells like a fart that is being masked by cheap cologne . I DO NOT recommend buying this product . Save yourself some grief and pay a little more and get the real deal .
 I thought I had bought a fake product , but the smell is exactly the same as the one I tried at the store . It is a great smell , citrus at start and woody at the bottom . However , it is like that movie title , `` Gone in 60 seconds '' . It is literally useless.I have to add that I did n't buy it from Amazon .
 -- TWICE I ordered regular scented Consort and TWICE I get the wrong Consort . I grew older with the pleasant scent of Consort but where I live now , no stores keep it on the shelve let alone even know what it is . So I order my favorite SCENTED Consort through Amazon and it seems the UPS codes are screwed up at Amazon and I keep getting the UnScented Extra hold instead . This review is intended to shake up the cage over at Amazon and not to undermind the Consort product . It 's not the first time Amazon has screwed up and the hassles involved with the expense of return and time wasted is never compensated for by Amazon . So There !
 A friend recommended this product but I 'm disappointed in its results . I find that Dr. Tichnor work better than this product in drying out bumps . I think this was a waste of my money .
 True waste of money . Just burns your skin its also nicknamed LIQUID FIRE ! . Try something that works like Princereigns or Min , Princereigns is all natural and works great and min doesnt burn too much but other people say it doesnt burn like tend skin
 The product arrived quickly , however , since there was NO real description of the product -LRB- like 1 or 2 speed -RRB- , I ordered it . It has only 1 speed - VERY FAST ! So , I 'm spending money to have my old 2 speed repaired .
 I used this product several years ago and it did n't work for me.Smells like alcohol so it will burn like hell if you apply it to broken or bruised skin.I also have to agree with other reviewers that it can definitely dry your skin . So I guess if you have sensitive skin , then be careful.Everyone 's skin is different . Mine is tough , but thin .
 Tried it for two weeks , not working for my underarms . And it stinked , after I sweat , friends told me loud that '' you smell so bad '' . Had to stop using it ...
 I took this out of the package , inserted the included battery , and ... NOTHING ! So , I tried a new battery . And ... NOTHING ! I wiggled and poked and tried more . In a certian position , and the battery half sticking out , a weak whirring noise was heard but nothing I 'd trust to stick in my nose . . Sounded like it might grab and yank , but not cut .
 my boyfriend battles with razor bumps and ingrown hairs on his neck from shaving.i bought him this product to help with that , but it hasnt at all.i dont know why so many people like it , but it seems like a bottle of rubbing alochol would do the same thing ...
 This product did nothing for my razor burn . When I called customer service they suggested rubbing olive oil on my skin ?? The product reminded me of witch hazel which also does not work for the rash . The only good thing is they promptly gave me refund .
 I have tried this product several times and each time It does n't fit my needs . I still have shaving bumps and itching . This product does n't work for me .
 I tried it for 2 weeks morning/night . No difference . Burned slightly but I literally could tell zero difference in my skin condition . Waste of money . Would never order again .
 I used Tend Skin for a few years and it was the best one that I could find but a few weeks ago I saw a nother product on Amazon called Solution 2 and ordered it instead . I was a little worried because I was getting good results with the bumps with Tend Skin but it burned a lot and dried out my skin quite a bit . Solution 2 is definitely a better product for me with my sensitive skin and it works just as good on the bumps !
 I have always had problems with razor burn and shaving issues overall . It used to be a disaster and I was introduced and used Tend Skin for the past two or three years now . I got a sample of Solution 2 out in the Hamptons last weekend and I could not possibly be happier . It is a significant improvement over Tend Skin -- the roller ball applicator is brilliant and I have officially -LRB- thankfully -RRB- pitched my cotton ball bag . It does not sting nearly as much as Tend Skin . It smells so much better -LRB- actually pretty good ! -RRB- and it works better too . I used to get very dry patches on my neck from using Tend Skin but I have had no dryness issues with Solution 2 . I used to have a strict regimen using Tend Skin in order to get through my shaving procedure . Now , I roll on the Solution 2 and it 's all good : -RRB-
 At the urging of a cosmetologist who does my waxing , I bought a bottle of TS for use on my bikini line . I get the worst red bumps and ingrowns there , I 'll try anything . I bought a bottle , have used half of it , twice a day as directed . It started to work well but now I am back to the bumps.TS is over priced . . what a waste ! I am going to try Emjoi 's After Epilation Cream . I hope it will do a better job .
 While this product did get rid of some of my razor bumps on the back of my thighs , it also peeled my skin - skin that has yet to be healed from this . Definitely not worth it , so beware .
 this product did not work for me . I got it to stop and reduce ingrowed hairs on my legs . It made them worse . Will not buy any more of this product .
 I 've used this product off and on several times over the last few years . At first it was much more potent and worked almost instantly to cure razor bumps and irritation . However , i 've noticed over the last couple of years or so the price continues to increase and the product itself seems more diluted and less effective . My last expensive bottle has almost no effect on my skin whatsoever . And I do use it as directed.My advice would be to save a lot of money and use Clean & Clear Deep Cleaning Astringent -LRB- with salicylic acid -RRB- . It is just as effective , if not more so than TendSkin .
 I tried this years and years ago and it was useful but SO expensive . I recently found a make your own version on line and decided to give that a try on a weird bumpy ingrown hair patch on my leg from waxing . Five ounces rubbing alcohol , two and a half ounces witch hazel , twenty-six aspirin . Throw in the blender and pulverize . Apply with a cotton ball . It made a huge difference over night - worked better than I remember the tendskin working . This is ridiculously expensive for what you 're buying - try the cheap route first .
 This stuff is supposed to help razor burn , ingrown hairs . Honestly after all the time using it I ca n't honestly say if it works . What I can say is that it smells terrible . Not a weak terrible smell , but a strong , overpowering stink.It also burns like crazy when you put it on.The Tend Skin company puts out this story about a miraculous discovery - a dentists patient came to him after a tooth extraction and raved that whatever the anesthetic was that he was given , it had cured his ingrown hairs.Well , there are three ingredients in tend skin - alcohol , glycerin , and aspirin . Thats it.So apparently this dental patient had been cured of ingrown hairs by taking an aspirin.Bottom line is , this product is insanely overpriced , and they hide it with this distortion , this silly propaganda about its `` miraculous discovery . `` A little bottle of alcohol and aspirin should cost a tenth of this .
 I really do not feel tend skin works as advertised . The irritation to my neck persisted and if anything had only gotten worse after applying as instructed . One good thing is that you if you are like me and have trouble waking up in the morning -- tend skin helps for that ! Just take a strong whiff and you 'll be alert and ready for your day !
 I used Tend Skin for a few years and it was the best one that I could find but a few weeks ago I saw a nother product on Amazon called Solution 2 and ordered it instead . I was a little worried because I was getting good results with the bumps with Tend Skin but it burned a lot and dried out my skin quite a bit . Solution 2 is definitely a better product for me with my sensitive skin and it works just as good on the bumps !
 I bought this from eStores-LLC . They sent me a product that was expired 6-months , which I did n't realize until after I 'd used it some.Whether the product is really useful , I can not say . But it did n't really help me .
 I purchased this product because I loved the colors and I could n't find it in the store any longer . There is something about the consistency of the product that causes it to crumble immediately . I would not buy this again .
 Do n't buy it . You 're better off saving your money for a much better product than this piece of junk . Avoid it at all costs .
 I have used Tendskin since college and while I ca n't say that I like it , it does work . My girlfriend introduced me to the Min Solution2 and I gave it a try . It works much better and I think the roller ball applicator is genius ! It smells really clean too and a bit minty .
 I mean seriously , its just a horrible smelling bottle of alcohol . It burns like mad . When I went to return it . Of course their customer service never answered and tried emailing them too but to no avail . Had to cancel it via my CC company and got my money credited back eventualy . Dont waste your money .
 I was disappointed with the product because I 've seen so many good reviews of it -LRB- I think it was rated highest among all I 've found -RRB- , however , in my case it did n't help at all . I tried to use it for legs and bikini . And it made the condition worse , because I have very dry skin on my legs , and this lotion is basically an extremely harsh exfoliant , so it dries the skin even more , but still not enough to get the hair out !! So in addition to former problems with ingrown hair , I got also the irritation of the skin that was extra-dry after using this lotion.So I 'm still struggling with bumps and ingrown hair , have no idea how to fight them :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB-
 wow my skin burned after i applied it ! it works but it burns . i do n't use it anymore i wo n't again
 I bought this product based on the reviews but I was not as lucky as these people ... It did n't help me at all . I bought it for my legs , to use it after I shave and although I keep using it , I do n't see any improvement . What a waste of money !!!
 I do n't shave too often , so until recently I had used the more generic brand items to mitigate razor burn . I was optimistic about an upgrade , but disappointed shortly after when I used this product . It was rather abrasive , and left a light rash on my skin for about an hour after use .
 As other reviews have stated , this product did not work at all for me . Zero results whatsoever . I gave this a fair amount of time -LRB- 3 weeks -RRB- to work before I posted a review . This product was a complete waste of time and money for me . I regret the purchase and I do not recommend it .
 I have suffered from razor burn for what seems like years now , tried just about everything , so I figured why not try something else , eventually something has to work , am I right ? I got this with the hopes of it working , based on the reviews it sounded as if there was a chance . My skin is just sensitive to shaving for some reason , and &#34; Tend Skin &#34; has the word , tend in the name , so I figured perhaps this would work.First of all , the smell is potent , it will make you cough if you do n't actually move the bottle away from you when you open it , not sure why , but the smell is super strong . I dabbed it on a cotton ball and applied as instructed , I did this for about 2 weeks without results . Not only did I not get results , when I first used it , my skin flared up and looked pretty bad and it stung pretty bad every time I applied it . Perhaps this is just my experiences , but all it did for me was dry my skin up really bad , due to the alcohol which must be present -LRB- obvious by the strong smell -RRB- . I hope that this works for someone , if it does then I am truly happy for you , but I am a 19 year old male , and it just is n't working for me .
 This product does not work . I have tried this product over the past few months and have seen no improvement in ingrown hairs or irritation . This product is overpriced for its ingredients and lack of effectiveness . It is essentially alcohol and salicylic acid . I would not recommend this product .
 I was so excited to start using this product and agree with multiple reviews stating that the product is practically the same as rubbing alcohol . It did nothing but dry out my skin and I used it for two weeks twice a day and saw not a single improvement in my skin . I have extremely sensitive skin and get harsh painful razor burn and ingrown hairs that cover my legs from top to bottom , and this product did not a thing to reduce any of it .
 I have used this product for over a year and have repurchased several bottles so I feel qualified to write a review . Does it work ? eh ... only a little . I noticed a slight reduction in ingrown hairs , but nothing to jump up for over joy over . Eventually , I grew tired of spending the money on this and stopped buying . The only thing that has helped with the incessant razor bumps under my arms has been laser hair removal . Though I do notice regrowth of hair , growth is much slower and the hair is much finer so I do n't even develop razor bumps anymore because the hair is so fine . And because I do n't need to shave as often , I do n't experience razor burn . Yes , laser hair removal is expensive , but cheaper than using this product for the rest of my life ! In general , I do n't recommend this product because it does n't work well enough to warrant the steep price tag .
 I wanted this product to work , but unfortunately it has not . I get horrible in-grown hairs from brazilian waxing and I needed something to at least lessen them in number . I purchased tend skin based on the great reviews , and was so excited to try it out . I ca n't tell a difference at all . I 'm still getting the in-growns , I guess I will have to try something else .
 I used this after shaving and it stings like crazy . It 's too smelly for daily use . I 'm not sure if it made much of a difference in my skin . If it was milder and smelled better I would use it more often and perhaps see better results .
 RUBBING ALCOHOL WORKS JUST AS WELL FIRST BOTTLE APPEARED TO BE WORKING AND IS A BIT PRICEY , GUESS IT IS O'KAY .
 I read the reviews and really thought my boyfriend would like this product for his razor burn , turns out it has a smell that he does n't like . It is not a strong smell but enough that he does n't want to use it . Even if he could get over the smell I think the burning that it causes his skin is also a problem . I will not purchase this item again .
 I 'm an African American women and decided to use it on the razor bumps in bikini area -- BAD IDEA ! It got away of the razor bumps but after using it for only a week the my skin got really dry and started to peel a little . I stopped using it of course but now I have some darkness in my bikini area where I used the solution .
 Did nothing for my ingrown hairs or for preventing any . Just buy witch hazel or rubbing alcohol , they probably work better .
 I bought this product to help soothe my razor burned neck . It ended up making my neck much worse . Very red and irritated .
 This is just rubbing alcohol . The only thing this product did was dry out my skin . I would definitely recommend the bump stopper products over this .
 I do n't think this product is very effective ! I used it a couple of time and all it did was burn my skin . It smells like rubbing alcohol and dries out my skin . It really does n't help with razor burn , or ingrown hairs . I 'm just not impressed and will not buy again !
 Tend Skin is a excellent product for me . It allows me the the freedom of shaving with a razor and having the to knowing that Tend Skin will prevent routine shaving irritation and razor bumps .
 I bought this several months ago to help with ingrown hairs and redness . I use it all the time and I still get the ingrown hairs . It does n't even reduce them . There is no effect at all . I would n't recommend this . I tried it out and it was definitely not worth the money .
 My legs are covered in ingrown hairs that are at the very least a decade old . I used two full bottles of tend skin as I wanted to give it enough time to really get through several layers of skin , but unfortunately it just did n't do anything for me .
 This product did nothing for me . Tried it for a few months and it never worked .
 I bought TendSkin to help with the irritation and razor bumps I get on my neck from shaving . The product claims to , `` reduce appearance of unsightly razor bumps , ingrown hairs , and redness from shaving . '' But despite it 's lofty promises and high price , it does none of this . In fact in my case it made the irritation and red bumps worse , I have sensitive skin and the main ingredient of this product is alcohol . The directions tell you to apply it after shaving , but because alcohol dries out your skin and is painful to apply after shaving , it only made my problem worse . I wish I could have rated this product zero stars , because it is absolutely worthless .
 I have used this product for a year now . Yes , it pretty much works but it burns something HORRIBLE . I literally need to prepare for it . Also , I do n't understand how I am supposed to use it on my neck ! I guess they want me to use a cotton ball or pour it onto my hand and slap it on there like after shave ??? Probably the only thing that I really liked about it was the gold cap but that got all CRUSTY after a few uses because the alcohol literally ate off some of the gold paint .
 I bought this stuff because I heard it helped with razor burn . My husband likes me to shave a bit more often than I liked , well , too bad for him !! The pain from putting this stuff on was WAY WORSE than any sort of razor burn ! No thanks !!
 I use about a bottle every summer and do n't love this product -LRB- who could ! -RRB- :-RRB- but it works pretty well . I found on Amazon Solution2 and gave that product a try . It 's definitely a nicer product . It does n't sting nearly as much which is a big deal for me and I LOVE the roller ball application .
 I received the product on time but it smells different from what I remember from previous purchases . I 'm suspecting the product has either changed or I 've been duped . Do n't know what to think ...
 This product clams to remove hair but 2 tubes latter i 'm still growing a beard complete misleading false clam do n't waste your money
 Used this stuff for 1 month , and it made me grow more body hair in every spot that I used it!It does the opposite of what its supposed to do . Will make hair grow faster , not fade ! Save your money .
 I purchased Kalo direct and used Kalo correctly and faithfully for two years . They said it ` takes time . ' I saw absolutely no improvement . I do not recommend this product .
 I bought a pack of 2 lotions and 2 sprays for my girlfriend . The price was $ 200 but it would n't matter if they were really working . She will never use this product again .
 I definitely do not recommend this product . Furthermore , it is a very tiny bottle and for the price it is definitely not worth it at all . I have used vetiver perfume extensively and this scent does not even come close to the real vetiver . Instead , it smells aweful ... the scent even made me sick to my stomach !
 This will be a double rating
 If your buying it because it is organic , ok ... but dont expect any miricles for scalp itch ... for what it is SUPPOSED to be treat . Helped me 0 with that ... I ended up getting relief from Demorex extra strength . Good luck . I have MAJOR scalp itch problems .
 I first came into contact with this when my roommate had some in the shower . I looked at it . It was deep brown in color , much like tobacco juice , and equally vile . I beleive the stuff must have some wonderful quality that justifies its existance , but I have yet to find it . I imagine an Herbal Extracts scenario with a woman showering in the rain ; glueing her hands to her head and screaching in agony rather than writhing in extacy.Smelly and something to hide from guests . I give it two points just cus I 'm nice and I feel bad for it .
 I love this product , but it 's not 2.8 oz . and always gets taken away by airport security staff . The long , thin can also makes it difficult to put into a quart plastic bag . And finally , the nozzle clogs and there 's no way to clear it . Hot water and safety pins do nothing .
 The product is horribly greasy and sticky at the same time , but I must say that it smells pleasant .
 I learned about spray wax on an Asian beauty show where a hair stylist was teaching a group of Asian celebs how to do hair . She recommended spray wax , saying it 's the newest technology and it does a great job holding shape in humid island weathers.I live in California but I figure I could give it a try too.I sprayed it on after I ironed my hair , then I ironed it a bit more just to be sure . The curls fell out in about 1 hour and my hair went straight again.To be fair , my hair is very bouncy and it normally straightens out after about 45 minutes if I am not using styling products . Hairspray normally holds curls in my hair for about 4 to 5 hours.What I really did not like about the spray wax was n't that it did n't hold curls , but that it stuck to my hair and gave me this icky feeling the whole day . It took me 3 washes to get enough of it out of my hair to go to sleep , and even then it felt a bit icky still.I would not recommend this for someone living in dry weathers . I ca n't speak for humid weathers as I trust the opinions of the Asian hair stylists still .
 I 've been so tempted to buy this here . What 's not to love ? The spaceship bottle is awesome and the price is right . Thankfully , I managed to find a sample first.Tocade surprised me . Some people say Tocade is dated , and I have to agree , at least at the opening.Complex ? Not to me - just too much going on to make out any structure , theme or notes . It 's a muddled , sweet mess on me , probably due to the deadly mix of jasmine , LOV and freesia , which I infrequently wear well . Yah , I catch the amber-vanilla base , but there 's too much going on otherwise in this cloying , sweet , white floral.Rose ? Orchid ? Orris ? Magnolia ? Really?As it dries , Tocade is almost hysterically sweet and on the edge of cloying . Tocade seems to be the mother to Roucel 's other over-the-top sweeties , like Lolita Lempicka 's L & Coral and Dunhill Desire for Woman . Of these , I can tolerate Dunhill Desire . Hardly a ringing endorsement . Yet , I 'm growing quite fond of Roucel 's other affordable masterpieces - Oro & L'Instant . I 've been tempted by good prices on the spaceship bottle , and I 'm so glad I did n't blind buy this one . I do n't like this . Not . At . All.Try it before you buy it .
 I 've always loved this perfume.Therefore when I ordered it from amazon , I was very excited . But somehow results are n't very encouraging . . there is no sign of it after say 1-2 hrs of using it . I know perfumes work differently with different people but I have n't had any bad experience with me till date.This is the first one which I feel is not long masting at all . I love the fragrance but does n't stay on for long .
 Yes , it smells great but you better take the bottle with you . It does n't last but a couple hours at best .
 I guess it 's one of those body chemestry things . I like the smell , but any trace of it is gone after a couple of hours .
 Bought this cologne after smelling in stores . The smell became extremely annoying after a while and I had to give it away . The scent was not particularly sophistocated and it belongs on a 14 year old boy . Do not buy .
 I ordered Demeter Honeysuckle as a gift and it arrived with half the cologne leaked out . I discovered that the problem was that the spray cap was not fastened on tightly . The person I spoke with at Amazon was very courteous , and a replacement was sent . Same problem , spray cap was not on tightly . Since only a little had leaked this time , I decided not to pursue it , but I will never order this by mail again . The problem is not Amazon , it is at the place where the cologne is bottled .
 I have been looking for a real honeysuckle fragrance for a long time . After reading the reviews on this one , I thought I had struck gold . The product just came today and , in my opinion , does n't really smell like much of anything , other than alcohol . There is a faint , somewhat honeysuckle-ish fragrance under the alcohol odor . I have a honeysuckle vine in my yard & I love the smell of it when it is blooming and that 's the fragrance I was expecting . This just misses the mark . Maybe the fragrance is just too faint to overpower the smell of alcohol -LRB- the first ingredient of this product -RRB- . The fragrance also does n't last very long at all . A couple of hours and it 's gone . I 'd send it back but between the postage both ways & the restocking fee it 's just not worth it . What a disappointment .
 I was disappointed in this product - it does stain lips - but does not last long - and I am sorry I bught it .
 This reminds me of the fake blood my son used for his Halloween costume ! Takes too much fooling around to get it right . Not worth it , and tastes like cough medicine .
 Was rather expensive - I have some Avon mark KissInk and like it much better . It goes on easier and stays where you put it.The Revlon Just Bitten Stain is like water and hard to control - also it tastes awful ! The Avon stuff does not have a taste .
 This product is a runny liquid , the consistency of water , which comes in a tube with a large rollerball applicator . Because the rollerball is so large , it is very difficult to get a precise application of color . Also , once you start applying it , the liquid remains wet -LRB- not moist , but really WET -RRB- for about 10 seconds and if you go over the wet spots , the rollerball just wants to slide over them . What I ended up doing was applying big stripes of color and then using my finger to smooth the wet color into the corners of my mouth and the peaks of my upper lip . Then I pressed my lips together to make sure there were no `` blotches . '' This is too labor-intensive for me so I wo n't be buying it again.The Plum Wicked color is very nice , more of a berry shade than a true plum .
 Maybe because I am olive coloring that this did not work for me . It felt cheap and did not work at all . Would not buy again . This is not the sellers fault but the product .
 These Just Bitten Lip Stains were likely the prototype and are nothing like the product shown on TV or in stores - roller ball applicator is awful and messy and again , is n't the same method of application being advertised .
 DO NOT ORDER THIS !!! WHAT YOU WILL GET IS A CLEAR BOTTLE , WITH NO WOMAN ON THE BOTTLE , AND THE PERFUME IS PINK IN COLOR.IT IS NOT AT ALL WHAT YOU SEE ON THIS PAGE !!! FALSE ADVERTISING !!
 Although I love the way this product smells on my wife , it is no longer available in stores ; therefore , I have to find it on-line . However , when my wife opened the box as part of her birthday gifts , there was almost an ounce out of the bottle . It appeared to be packaged like that and not leaked because there was no discoloration of the box it was packaged in . Although I would recommend the fragrance , I would recommend buying it elsewhere .
 I have bought Hot Couture at a department storea couple times and loved it . I have n't been able to find it lately , so tried on line . I was excited to find it , however when I received it , it smelled kind of funky - maybe old or something.Very disappointing !
 This is not a perfume for me . I bought it without knowing what it smelled like . Mainly , because of the inexpensize price Amazon was selling it for . -LRB- which smells that way too , CHEAP ! -RRB- It has a cinnamon scent or notes and wears off too quickly . I will not buy this perfume again . I 'll give it away ...
 definitly a knock off or something . the paint on the bottle was chipping and it smelled bad . not the diesel im used to
 The perfume this one very damaged . This one in very poor condition , I do not work for my , very bad the delivery
 I am very disappointed with this Diesel Zero Plus Feminine By Diesel For Women . Eau De Toilette Spray 2.5 Oz . . The packaging IS A OLD , SCRATCHED , STICKY AND DURTY case ! It is a first time I get something from Amazon that come in a dirty box and the cologne melted the silver finish on the pump .
 I am very disappointed with these perfumes . They ARE NOT the original scents !! Even the packaging they are in are OLD , SCRATCHED , STICKY cases ... the bottle it 's self is sticky and the DIESEL saying comes right off . I am trying to find out how to return them but there option to return back to seller !
 It is such an assualt on the nostril , if you know what it already smell like and you like it then more power to u . But if you do n't and you get it because it just sounds like a good deal for the price , then you should seriously reconsider . I also got the male version for my husband and he hates it as well . It has a very unpleasant alcoloh smell , no real scent .
 I used it once and it gave me headache . It has strong smell and I did not like it at all . I wish I could return it but looks like we cant return after opening . Lesson learnt ... never purchase these kind of items without trying them out first .
 I could not use this hair dryer while traveling in Switzerland because the rubber plug was big and round and made it impossible to push the metal pins into recessed wall sockets . I ended up buying a hair dryer there with a smaller narrow oval shaped rubber plug which worked just fine .
 I 've used both the spray and perfume with same results/there 's really not a good scent and it disappears quickly/good perfume should last for hours-not this one/Maybe this is really old ... will never buy perfume over internet again .
 I know this is a loofah type pouch , but it 's just too rough for my skin . Also , you have to use a pretty small bar of soap , otherwise it does n't really fit .
 My mother had me order this perfume for her , as her first bottle of the same was almost empty . This new bottle has no smell - it 's like it 's been watered down . If you spray it in the air , you can smell it for about 2 seconds and then it 's gone . When she wears it , she nor anyone else can smell it - far unlike her first bottle . Her first bottle was made in Italy and this one in Germany - do n't know why that would make a difference , but something is wrong with this perfume .
 All i got was the run around from this company and from Amazon in regards to my order . I order 2 bottles of By by Dolce & Gabbana . My order was suppose to ship on April 10th , that came and went . Then I was suppose to receive my order by April 17th that came and went too . I tried contacting the company and got the run around . I called Amazon to find out what was going on . I specifically asked if the item was out of stock and if I could cancell the order . Not only was I assured it was NOT out of stock but was also informed it had shipped . I received yet another email the very next day to inform me not only had it not shipped but it was infact out of stock.I called this company again and asked them if they had the perfume in stock and was told yes they did , when I told them my order was cancelled , they changed the story to it was on back order . But he would send me another perfume for the same price . What a joke ! If I wanted another perfume would n't I have ordered that instead ! I do n't know what kind of games this company plays but if your looking for a straight answer you will NOT get it here . I would never order from this company again!They are a bunch of D ** k Jerkers !!! Best of luck shopping , Robbie
 Body Cream is thinner than some lotions I 've used . I was not at all pleased with this purchase . I chose body cream because I wanted something to bring out the fragrance but , not overwhelm . I would have ordered lotion if I wanted something light -LRB- thin -RRB- . You could actually pour it from the jar .
 This is bs , so expensive for what it is . I 'm not saying is horrible , but I 've tried so many similar products , but they are either cheaper or work better . Hands down Is Clinical serums are so much better . Similar products for 1/3 price are also Eminence serums -LRB- organic -RRB- . This serum does n't last for a long time due to consistency too , unlike IS Clinical serum which I love .
 This is my favorite perfume but the quality of the one I bought was awful . I think it was very , very old and was not worth buying .
 I 'm sure the shampoo cleans the hair , but the smell is very offensive .
 I got this directly from amazon.com at the end of March , and then it turned out that this is different from what I used to use.It does not smell the same , and it smells nothing on clothes.I believe the item is fake.Moreover , even though it says it says 6.8 ounce , I got 6.7 ounce.Since the item is not longer produced , there must be many counterfeits.Even amazon has some of them.So be careful when you buy .
 I think this CK Be Toilette Spray is fake . I believe it smells differently from the once displayed at retail sales stores.Really fast delivery . That was next day at my place .
 The perfume did not come with a pump tube , so that makes it difficult to apply .
 I got the CK BE thinking that Amazon was the seller and trusted most feedback.I am so disappointed that the scent is too far from CK BE , It does n't even smell good and stay long.I ca n't believe that you are selling FAKE.Lesson , Buy at a mall near you even if it is expensive , you get to smell taste the product .
 A PRODUCT THAT SMELLS GOOD JUST FOR 2 MINUTES WHEN USED.IT TOOK ALMOST 2 YEARS FOR ME TO KEEP THAT IN THE SHELF AND THROW OUT.THAT LATE TO THE GABAGE BECAUSE I CAN NOT SEE MY HARD EARNED MONEY BEING WASTED ON SUCHUNWORTHY PRODUCTS .
 This is complete BS . The title shows 6.7 oz EDT CK Be , but what you get in the mail is 3.4 oz . It gets worse , when you call them , they say , `` oops the description says 1.7 oz '' So there is nothing they can do except for return it with a restocking fee . Something really shady is going on , because excuse me , 1.7 oz of this cologne NEVER retailed for $ 85 like the description says . SCAMMERS . I will only purchase directly from Amazon in the future . Oh , and the bottle was leaky when it arrived , and there was no invoice or return slips inside . They KNOW THEY ARE SCAMMING PEOPLE . : -LRB-
 I can never tell if anyone can smell this cologne when I put it on . When I wear ck1 people compliment me and say I smell nice . This one I ca n't tell if it smells bad or just does n't smell at all .
 Do n't know what happened with this product . I normally wear CK Be and I love it so much . However , I just opened this one and use it . Apparently , there is no scent . I tried to spray a lot , but it liked I sprayed water on my body . So disappointed !!!
 The bottles arrived and smelled nothing like CKbe , I feel cheated . I 've ordered it before and everything was great . Not sure what happened this time
 I love DCL Serum.This product that i received in the mail , however , was NOT DCL Serum.I dont know what it is . Smells like alcohol .
 I have worn Provocative perfume for several years and was sorry that I can no longer find it in the stores . I did order some from Amazon last year with no problem . What I received this year was NOT Provocative . Same bottle , same box , different content . The Provoative I have been using is clear ... This is amber . This fragrance is mild , though not offensive ... but it is not Provocative . Who knows what I really received . I would send it back but it is too much trouble . I am disappointed !
 I purchased this perfume in August 2011 as a birdday gift for a very special person . After I last saw her back in September I have not had any further conversation until today . I asked her how much she liked my gift , and to my surprise she said that the product did no seemed to be legit , the fragrance smell mostly like alcohol , that this perfume was not what she had used in the past . I finished the conversation and felt ashamed and embarased , I did not know that Amazon could sell something like my friend discribed to me .
 Perfume was a cheap imitation of the perfume I have used for 6 years . Even the bottle was different . Company 's return policy for knock off items is for you to give them a blank credit card authorization so that they can charge you $ 250 if their lab does n't agree ! Finally , Amazon did credit my money .
 I ca n't prove it but I think this is fake product . I use the real product from the salon and it 's great . This stuff was like putting water on my hair . There is no way this is the same product .
 It made my hair soft , but I had to use a lot just to get my hair clean . I does n't lather .
 I had used up an earlier bottle that was truely herbal and based on yucca without all the bad petroleum products that are poisoning us . Imagine my horror at receiving this expensive bottle full of all those products ! Another good product bites the dust ! What a betrayal .
 being the container says shampoo on it I would think it would lather , it does n't . They even sent me a new bottle just in case there was a little mix up at the plant . The new one does n't lather either . I personally do n't like shampoo that does n't lather . It has the same look , smell , and consistency of the conditioner . Did anyone else try this shampoo ? does it lather for you ?
 This shampoo and conditioner were very drying . My hair felt like straw after using about half of the bottle . I would keep looking for another product , do n't waste your money .
 I was very unhappy with this product . It dried my hair out badly which surprised me given the good reviews , back to Ojon .
 I have used this product for years with no complaint . This recent bottle that I bought was horrendous - my hair does n't feel clean and the fragrance of the product is not what it normally is . Caution when using this specific vendor through Amazon I guess . I have sent an email to Matrix , but have n't heard back from them as of yet .
 Thought it would be fun to get some for the holidays for my hair . Did not expect it to be so heavily perfumed -- I mean , why ??? I could n't wear it ; gave it to a young friend , who had the same complaint . A total waste of my money .
 I have worn Provocative perfume for several years and was sorry that I can no longer find it in the stores . I did order some from Amazon last year with no problem . What I received this year was NOT Provocative . Same bottle , same box , different content . The Provoative I have been using is clear ... This is amber . This fragrance is mild , though not offensive ... but it is not Provocative . Who knows what I really received . I would send it back but it is too much trouble . I am disappointed !
 I purchased this perfume in August 2011 as a birdday gift for a very special person . After I last saw her back in September I have not had any further conversation until today . I asked her how much she liked my gift , and to my surprise she said that the product did no seemed to be legit , the fragrance smell mostly like alcohol , that this perfume was not what she had used in the past . I finished the conversation and felt ashamed and embarased , I did not know that Amazon could sell something like my friend discribed to me .
 Perfume was a cheap imitation of the perfume I have used for 6 years . Even the bottle was different . Company 's return policy for knock off items is for you to give them a blank credit card authorization so that they can charge you $ 250 if their lab does n't agree ! Finally , Amazon did credit my money .
 I love Red Door Revealed but this particular product smelled old . I am very disappointed . I know that there is always a risk in ordering online . I guess I should have purchased it from a local store . : -LRB-
 I purchased this item well before Christmas because I felt the price was excellent , a really great bargain . However , I did not open the box immediately as I still had an opened bottle . When I opened the bottle earlier this week -LRB- 1/26/2009 -RRB- it was only about 1/3 full . The package was still sealed in the cellophane wrap , but the bottle was only about 1/3 full . Needless to say , I was slightly disappointed that my bargain was not such a bargain after all . I 'll know better next time .
 For whatever reason this fragrance did not blend well with my body chemistry . It smelled like cheap `` dimestore '' perfume on me .
 I bought 3 radios , for me and to give as presents.The white plastic ovals around the buttons , in the 3 radios , where unstucked , and one of the radios only works in FM , I ca n't change to AM . The radio has 7 buttons -LRB- not 8 as in the picture of the radio -RRB- . The radio is just as the one in the pictures with the woman .
 I would never buy from Perfumia again . The bottle of Estee Lauder perfume smells like a bottle of alcohol . I contacted Perfumia for a refund and they will only refund a part of my money , and only if the package was not opened . HOW DO YOU TELL THAT A BOTTLE OF PERFUME IS BAD UNLESS YOU OPEN IT !!! Please spread the word about this company .
 Record shows I ordered it July 5 . It is Aug 5 , I have not got it yet .
 I placed my order on March 22th , today is April 20th and It has n't been shipped yet ... I really need this Shampoo and the others Biolage Products that I already ordered , my hair need them , please ship them soon !
 Ordered March 29 and still not shipped on April 27 . Why is this product still available to purchase if the orders obviously ca n't be filled ?
 I USED to love this shampoo . When I was younger I would break into my mom 's stash and use it up -LRB- what a jerk ... I know -RRB- . Now that I have tried so many other shampoos I was completely disappointed with this . Either they changed the formula or it was never that good to begin with . After using this my hair felt drier and even my scalp started to get dry and itchy . I now have a giant bottle of crap shampoo that I have to throw out or maybe give to an unsuspecting friend/relative to try.FYI
 the bottle shown is not what you receive . I paid 25.00 for this shampoo thinking i was getting a great deal because of the super size bottle . I could have gotten the shampoo for 19.00 for the size they sent me . Shame on you . I did n't see any thing about 33oz . on the ad when I ordered .
 I placed an order on Febuary 7 , now is March 22 , yet i still do n't get the item , and the estimated shipping date is May 17
 search health and beauty same product true love elizabeth arden gift set 3.3 oz spray and lotion for LESS MONEY !!!
 I read the ingredient in it and thought it would be a perfume that I would like , but it is like water down toilet water . Even if you put on five or six sprays ... you can barely smell anything . So now I have a big bottle of ... hardly smell ... lol .
 I 'm used to using White Diamonds and love it . This was cheaper so I decided to try it . I 'm very disappointed . I like that the scent is soft , but it has no personality to it , and does n't last more than an hour on you.I 'm going back to my White Diamonds .
 ... Who thinks this smells bad . I ca n't even really describe how . I guess it might have a hint of old lady and a couple other smells that just do n't fit too well with me . Bad decision buying this without smelling it first lmao . Oh well .
 This shampoo does smooth the hair making it less frizzy as described -LRB- so it gets 1 star -RRB- BUT there is one teenee tiny problem ... After washing my hair with this shampoo but twice , everywhere my hair touched on my back developed BROWN SPLOTCHES that looked like skin damage from the sun or light liver spots . I immediately recognized that the splotches were a FUNGUS -LRB- I knew because many years before I had seen such splotches on someone else -RRB- . I stopped using the shampoo right away and put lotrimin on my back where the splotches were -LRB- since lotrimin is anti-fungal -RRB- . Within about 2 days -LRB- with continued lotrimin use -RRB- , the splotches cleared up . I had never before had such a reaction to any product . It was scary ... Maybe the Icelandic Sap Moss in the shampoo I bought was contaminated with some fungus somehow and it is not the norm but I can assure you I am NEVER buying this product again .
 Assuming I have the same box formula made by the Palladio Co. , the ingredients do n't seem to contain any ` powdered rice ' . In fact , they list calcium carbonate , TALC , and fragrance ! So , beware . I used this for only one week , and my face was breaking out in areas that never have broken out before ! TALC clogs pores.I will say that it did soak up the oil in my skin and lasted fairly long , but I could by any powder that would do the same thing without the clogged pores .
 This product cleans okay , but is not what I thought it would be , lacking the wonderful scent of the old twenty mule team borax that I was looking for .
 I want to start out by saying that I am a big fan of Boraxo soap . I 've used it since I was a kid for cleaning up after getting filthy working outdoors - the grittiness of it does a great job removing dirt and grease . The soap itself I would rate as FIVE STARS , but my problem is with the item description . Between the first listed weight -LRB- 11 pounds -RRB- and the drastically reduced price , it 's really easy to assume that the order is for a case of Boraxo canisters , but that 's NOT what you get . It 's only ONE CAN , so the price is very misleading -LRB- a single can of Boraxo usually costs around $ 5 at most , so the deal Amazon shows is false , you 're saving a buck or two at best -RRB- . If you 're going to order this , I 'd recommend buying multiple to try and save on shipping , because I 'd say it 's not worth it for the shipping costs when you 're not even `` saving '' more than a couple dollars for a single can . I 'll admit I 'm pretty disappointed in Amazon with the misleading advertising on this one .
 Length :
 Very disappointing , and it seemed like it had already been opened since an amount of this product was missing from the container and had some dried product all over the out side of the container like it was already used . . ? I will never buy from this seller ever again , I got a partly filled container of hair conditioner ... ! my advice is do n't buy from this seller , so buyer you better beware ... !! I got less then excected ... ! for the price I paid . . !!! Biolage by Matrix hair Conditioning Balm Treatment 8.5 Ounces by Matrix
 I bought this conditioning balm in hopes of building up my hair product supplies in case of moving to another location , where I ca n't get the bulk of my stuff . Well I originally tried it on wet hair and just let it sit on my hair . After I rinsed , my hair was very tangled and my hair did not feel soft at all . I decided to give it another chance and this time , I sat under a dryer inorder to open up my scalp , etc etc for a deep conditioning . Nope , the same thing happened , my hair did n't feel soft and it was once again , tangled . What I did notice was a speed in drying time . I had to cut off my ceiling fan inorder for me to style my wet hair .
 I 've used this product for years . I thought I notice a change in the shampoo , seemed a bit runny . Then this last conditioner was a very obvious change in the feel . No longer creamy and thick , I 'd now compare it to cheap grocery store products . I still had my old container of conditioner and sure enough the ingredients are different . This WAS the only product I had ever found that worked on my hair . Guess it 's time to go back to the drawing board and try to find in new line that will work for long thick hair that is fine and tangles easily . Goes back to the old adage , do n't fix it if it ai n't broken !!!!!! -LRB- the old formula has the last ingredient as wheat germ oil , the new one the last is amyl cinnamal -RRB-
 I thought that mineral oil as first ingredient sounded not that great , but this product had very good reviews , so I decided to give it a try . Used a bit after washing and drying my hair , as the instructions recommend for everyday use - it made my hair look very oily , so I had to wash it again . Well , I thought it would work better as a rinse out treatment , so I tried it a couple of days later -LRB- rinse out application is recommended on weekly basis -RRB- ... The stuff did n't rinse out with water and I used just a little bit of the product ! I shampooed hair four times to get it off . My hair still felt coated . Not `` bouncy , full of life , moisturized coated '' , but `` I 've just spread a stick of butter over my hair coated '' . I literally had to stay inside all weekend . Washing it again , twice with clarifying shampoo the other day did n't help , the stuff came off a little , but I still had to wear a head scarf to work - that is how oily my hair looked . The only positive thing I noticed is that the treatment conditions my nail cuticles - at least I can use it for something . I have tried a lot of hair conditioning products , this is the biggest disappointment so far , it actually caused trouble in my case . My hair is chin long , natural , had highlights done one year ago , no hair color , so the product could n't be affected by chemicals or etc. . Also the water is very soft in my area . This treatment might work for someone with long hair , applying just to dry ends very little and very carefully .
 There is nothing special with this as opposed to other moisturizing conditioners . It leaves the same results as a store-bought bottle , softness , etc. , but is not much more than that . Will not repair damaged hair , just acts like any other conditioner . Do n't waste your money if you have dry , damaged , frizzy hair . Does n't work .
 BUYER BEWARE . I have been using this conditioner for 10 years now and when I opened this product it is NOT the same as the real thing ! It smells different , the color is different and it is horrible !!! My hair was not soft after using this like it normally is . Plus , it did not come with the protective paper layer that is normally under the cap , so you know it has been opened before . Somebody is replacing the good stuff with a cheap knock off and selling it for bank ! DO NOT BUY from this seller !!!
 I have rough , wavy long hair . I bought this expecting `` soft and silky '' hair after reading many reviews . In that aspect , I 'm disappointed . Plus , it is e.x.p.e.n.s.i.v.e.But overall , it is a good conditioner . My hair feels better than before but I still ca n't get rid of frizz . My hair is still a little dry after washing but more manageable . I guess it 's not meant to do magic on my rough and voluminous hair .
 This is supposed to be really thick and it is very runny . Not happy and will not purchase this again on line .
 I 've used this product for years . I thought I notice a change in the shampoo , seemed a bit runny . Then this last conditioner was a very obvious change in the feel . No longer creamy and thick , I 'd now compare it to cheap grocery store products . I still had my old container of conditioner and sure enough the ingredients are different . This WAS the only product I had ever found that worked on my hair . Guess it 's time to go back to the drawing board and try to find in new line that will work for long thick hair that is fine and tangles easily . Goes back to the old adage , do n't fix it if it ai n't broken !!!!!! -LRB- the old formula has the last ingredient as wheat germ oil , the new one the last is amyl cinnamal -RRB-
 I heard good things about this product so was excited to try it out . For a conditioner that cost 10x as much as the store bought brand , I really expected better results . My hair is abit wavy and thick and usually gets abit frizzy on rainy days and the first day of shampooing . Well , after shampooing and even blow drying it so it 's just abit damp , my hair looks the same after it 's completely dry . This product is no better than the Pantene conditioner I use on a regular basis.I 'm really disappointed and will continue to use it because it does smell good and it was so expensive -LRB- wo n't want to waste it -RRB- ! But after this jar is used up I will not buy again .
 This hair spray caused a terrible red rash to appear all over my neck and back . The burning was unbearable ! We had to purchase poison ivy medicine to calm the &#34; fire . &#34; The rash included nickel-sized bumps . It is a dangerous chemical combination .
 I have naturally curly hair so I thought I would try this cream . It did not curl my hair at all . When I was done drying my hair it was very dry . It may work for others , but not on my head .
 I found the product grainy and not the consistancy of the type I got through the hair salon . There were white balls in it and not in the salon product , maybe it was old .
 my hair looks like crap when it dries , heavy , frizzy , sticky and not so soft ... not what I expected dont recommend it : -LRB-
 I am a huge fan off the sleek look line , so I thought this might work well for my very curly hair . It did little for my hair except weigh it down with goop which made it look dirty , and I did not use very much.It just did not work for me .
 does n't live up to it 's description - does not matify . that 's the reason for which i purchsed it . used it quite few times . the weather 's not even hot and steamy yet but it just did n't work .
 I 've got the red bumpy skin . Used a whole tube , did n't notice a bit of a difference .
 Having tried numerous treatments for keratosis pilaris without success , I was sceptical despite the many glowing positive reviews of this product on the net . It 's been touted as some miracle treatment , and seemed too good to be true . But still I was hopeful that it 'd be as good as it claims . I 've used it for a month now and can hardly notice any difference at all in the texture or colouring of the skin on my arms . Disappointing considering how much it cost . I 'll continue using what I 've bought . Hopefully eventually it 'll show some benefits.I think it 'd be good if the product description included the amount of the active ingredients in the products . For example , what is the concentration of glycolic acid?Update
 I have had issues more with the redness than actual bumps since puberty . But here recently , the bumps were becoming more prominent . So I thought I would try a product for the first time . For the first 3-4 days , my arms seem to feel and look better , then it all took a turn for the worse . The bumps became way more prominent and then started to spread to my lower arms and chest . The redness became worse as well . I immediately stopped using the product after about 2 weeks of usage and everything seemed to go back to normal . I might have just had a bad reaction but thought I would give some warning to those looking to spend this much money on a product .
 I 've had red bumps on my arms all my life , and I 've tried a handful of remedies for it . Mostly I just live with it and try not to be self-conscious about it . But , I decided to give this one a shot after purchasing a strapless wedding gown . Shortly after I started using it , a couple people commented that my arms looked better . But , I honestly ca n't tell any difference . After using it every day for 4 months , my supply has run out , and I do n't think I 'll purchase it again . I 'll just get some make-up for my arms on my big day .
 BarbwireRose3 took my order on Nov. 7 , took my money on Nov. 15 . Today is Nov. 22 and BarbwireRose3 has not yet even shipped my purchase !!! I have written 3 emails with NO REPLY from BarbwireRose3 .
 Guess this product is for a much younger woman . I read some reviews and they were positive but they did not mention there age . That is why 2 stars .
 I have been using this product for over a month , and think there are much better alternatives . It has n't helped my eyes AT ALL . I actually feel that it has made them more visually &#34; baggy &#34; than they were before hand . I am not a fan of this gel at all , and it is ridiculously overpriced !
 This product did NOT live up to it 's promo 's . It felt cool and tingling , but did nothing to the appearance of my eyes . It was definitely not worth it 's high cost . I would never buy it again nor would I recommend it to anyone !
 This was WAY overpriced and did n't work as well as hair gels/putty I purchased for one-third of the price . I would never buy this again .
 I can not recommend this product . It did absolutely nothing ! Do n't waste your money .
 all though it says hypoallergenic it still made my eyelids red and itchy and it also affected my vision . I am using it on the rest of my face because I ca n't stand to waste the money and it works fine as a moisturizer anywhere but on my eyes .
 I tried this stuff for several weeks and mostly it just made the skin under my eyes all oily . I saw no change in puffiness and discontinued use after about 6 weeks.The only nice thing I can say about this product is that it smells pleasant .
 I 'm using this mask for almost a year it 's truly amazing . This time i bought it from amazon and the product I 've received was n't real . The real product is beige in color and this one was pearly white - I think it 's a mixture of original macadamia mask with some cheap mask . Do not buy it on amazon !
 Fake version of the mask . Beware of ordering online . I am really disappointed in this product . If I could rate it a zero I would .
 I used before product from Ulta , it made my hair so smooth and shiny , this time I ordered it online , on amazon , it does n't make any difference , it leaves my hair frizzy and dry . I suspect it is a fake product , although the bottle has the same UPC code as the one from Ulta and the colour of the cream is the same ... do not buy it on amazon .
 I 've always been a fan of this hair mask but unfortunately I had to give it 1 star since the jar I got in the mail is either fake or defective . The stuff made my hair really really dry and tangled . I noticed right away because everytime after I put this hair mask on , I always touched my ends and they felt really soft and smooth ; this time however they dont . I am returning this jar and probably wont never buy it from Amazon ! BEWARE
 If I could give it zero stars I would . It did nothing for my dry , frizzy hair . I kept it on for 30 mins as suggested by some of the reviews . Totally waste of money . My search for a hair repair mask continues.Disappointing .
 I received this item in a box , appropriately packaged and all but when I took it out to open and use , there was liquid/product all over the sides of the lid . It was clear someone had used it or it had been opened , spilled and then the lid was put back again . It was smeared all over the sides . It was really disgusting and I decided to not use it in case of any bacteria/safety issues .
 I do n't know whether I received a bad batch , or if this item is a fake as another reviewer claimed it to be , but this mask did not live up to its hype at all . I 've researched the Macadamia Oil Mask for a long time and saw the amazing , raving reviews this item has received on Ulta and folica , so I was very excited to buy it for almost half the price on Amazon . Unfortunately , after leaving this in for 30-45 minutes and rinsing it out , my hair did not feel very nourished at all!Granted , it smells very good -LRB- which is why Im giving it 1 star -RRB- , but it works like a cheap product . -LRB- I get about the same , if not a little better , results with my Pantene conditioner . -RRB- My long hair is wavy , dry and damaged , and after letting my hair dry naturally for a bit after applying the mask , and then blow drying , my hair was dry , frizzy , and was more prone to tangles . I was expecting my hair to be frizz-free and softer , especially on the ends , but I did not get those results . I really wanted this mask to work wonders , but this was a total let down . I am even thinking about purchasing another tub from Ulta to compare results and to check the products legitimacy on Amazon , because I am so surprised that this product performed so poorly .
 I ca n't even tell you how many jars of this I 've gone through ... So when I found this at nearly 50 % off here on Amazon -LRB- compared to the salon where I usually get this -RRB- , I was so excited . Trust me , this sold here is either fake or totally bad batches that ca n't be sold in salons at full price . It is nothing like what I 've been using all along from the salon !!
 I 'm not sure what all the fuss is about this product . I have highlighted curly hair that is very very dry and damaged . I left this on for 10 minutes , when the recommended is 7 , and still it did n't do anything . The only thing about it that I really like is the smell , and I would much rather have a product work , than smell good . Overall , way to pricey for some good smelling conditioner .
 I ordered this product based on the reviews that I read , makes me feel finally I found magic for my hair . I am look for product makes my hair moisturize soft look healthy , but this product do NOTHING to my hair . Since I have very dry fizzy and curly hair , I use it now twice a week on my hair but nothing change my hair as it still dry and fizzy . I 'm very disappointing it does n't worth the money .
 I was very frustrated with my unruly curly hair and I was excited to get this product . Tried it several times and , with each treatment , my hair got worse ! The scent is fantastic , though ... I will miss that !
 i have really dry hair which is why i wanted to try this product . there is nothing i like about this product . i followed the instructions , but it did nothing for my hair . i hated how it felt in my hair , and it definitely did not norish and moisturize my hair . i actually used it till it got finished cuz i figured my hair would have to get used to it . i was very disappointed but oh well , you win some , you lose some .
 I have dry curly ethnic hair . This product made herbal essences look good . It made my already dry hair very dull and extremely dry . It gave me breakage and I was very disappointed since the product has such good reviews.If you have curly ethnic -LRB- black white mixed -RRB- hair , I suggest you avoid this product .
 This product did n't work well with my hair at all . I 'm so disappointed at the result and I think its a fake one . It 's a waste of money and I do n't recommend it at all !!
 Ok I did n't buy this expecting a miracle , but it has n't done much to improve my hair . I purchased solely on the reviews . I 've been using it for almost 3 weeks , have not notice any significant improvement . My hair does feel a little bit less dry but I am not getting what I was expected . I think the price is too much for the quantity .
 I havent even tried it and I already know its fake since the original is suppose to be white not pink . Very very disapointed
 this product is a fake , do not buy from this seller , i bought the original macadamia hair masque at a salon before so i know it was 100 % athentic then i found this and its not the same , fake do not buy !
 I bought this product because of the raving reviews and after trying it for the first time yesterday , am a little shocked . I followed the directions word for word and when I started washing out my hair , a huge clump of my hair just fell off ... no exaggeration there . It continued falling out till I stepped out of the shower . My hair does n't feel any different than it would if I used a conditioner and it actually seems very flat today . Nevertheless to say , I will not be using this product anymore and it is going in the trash .
 I was very disappointed . I had heard wonderful things about this product , but it smelled cheap and worked like a cheap a hair product .
 I read all the great reviews for this product and purchased it a couple of weeks ago.I have a wavy black hair that reaches my shoulder . I hoped that this product would hydrate my hair and provide moisture for my dull looking hair.It did NOTHING !! The only think that i liked was the scent of the conditioner . Just a fancy looking product . Disappointed .
 Did not give me any results at all like the one I get at Ulta !!! The texture is not the same either !! Will spend a little extra to get it at Ulta next time !
 False PRODUCT PLZ DO Not BUY . . Very unhappy the Hair Mask is suppose too be a Very thick paste not creamy
 Seller was grreat and should get FIVE STARS . However , the product itself is designed to fluff up hair . For someone like me -- who already has thick hair , it gives toooooooo much body and makes the texture very rough .
 I was really excited to get this mask . I have dry curly hair and after reading all the reviews I thought I was in for a real treat . Oddly the product had the opposite affect on my hair leaving it dry , brittle and nearly impossible to get a comb through . It zapped my curl leaving me with a frizz helmet on my head . I actually think it caused damage to my hair . It was so bad that I wonder if I received a faulty jar . I tried it twice , with the same results both times , then threw it away .
 I heard such great reviews about this product , but it did n't work on my hair . I have very thin hair and because i color my hair it is easily tangeled . I was hoping this would be my savior , but sadly it was even worse than the conditioners i regulary use . In addition , I had my sister give the product a try . . thinking I did n't use it correctly . However , the same results came from her too . In conclusion , it smells like and cheap product but it did n't live up to it hype . So i 'm guessing this is a fake .
 I have ordered before from different amazon sellers and got the real deal , but this time I did n't get so lucky . This is fake ! I did n't return it only because I am still using it . I have three little boys -LRB- 2 are babies and one in lots of sports -RRB- and no time to drive 20 mins to my salon and buy the real thing from my stylist . It is still conditioner and smells similar but completly different -LRB- cheap -RRB- texture . To bad amazon is turing in to a risky place to get deals !
 as soon as i opened the container i knew it was fake , i ca n't believe i just wasted my money on this thing.do not buy this product .
 I bought this because it got such rave reviews and it is an all-natural product -LRB- plus it was n't very expensive -RRB- . Based on the reviews I was expecting some amazing moisturizing , but I was very disappointed . I did n't think it conditioned any better than a regular bottle of conditioner . Also , I did n't like the smell at all . Smells like pantene and plastic.I tried it 3 times and will keep using it until it 's empty but will certainly not purchase again.Too bad ... I really wanted to like it . Still looking for a good hair masque ...
 After all the reviews , I purchased the large jar and was expecting great results . That is far from the truth . At first my hair was very dry after using this product and that was very disappointing . After that I started using it in large quantities per treatment -LRB- just to get rid of it -RRB- and it started working quite well . To this day I am not sure if it just takes a bunch of applications before the results are evident or just need to use large quantities at a time . Either way I highly doubt I will ever purchase this product again . There are so many more to try and this is not a keeper so far for me .
 I have used this product 2 times . The first time I wanted to cry because I have damaged hair but after using this product my hair looked worse ! I followed the instruction precisely so this did n't happen because I left it on my hair too long or washed off too early . The second time , well , I have the belief that we should always give a second chance and the result was the same.I dislike this product so much , the worst I have ever used ! Fortunately , I was able to find a good shampoo that repaired my hair and it 's organic -LRB- Aubrey organic shampoos -RRB- I did n't even have the need to use a conditioner . Although , I was able to find a solution for my damaged hair , I wasted my money on this expensive , useless product ... I wanted to give it to my mom because it would probably work on her hair but no , I 'm not going to run the risk of ruining my mom 's beautiful black hair so this jar is going where it belongs ... to the garbage .
 I tried this mask and it did zip-zero for my hair . My hair is normally in very good shape . It 's just a little dry from coloring , so I thought I would try a deep conditioner . This product did ZERO . So , I see here in the reviews that a lot of people who have tried this product before from another seller , say that this one is a fake . I am inclined to believe them . So , I am going to buy a duplicate Macadamia Oil Deep Repair Mask from Ulta and compare . I 'll find out if this product from Amazon is fake . Then , I 'm going to take action . If it is a fake this will be THE SECOND fake product from Amazon that I have received this month . Amazon , you need to check on these sellers !!! They are ripping the customers off and giving you a bad name ! Do something when the customers start telling you about cheating sellers , for cripes sake ! ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 5/14/2012 -- Well I received the hair mask from Ulta -LRB- Macadamia Oil Deep Repair Mask -RRB- . I compared the two products with my adult daughter . Our thoughts are that the two are NOT the same . The consistency of the mask from Amazon is much thinner . The color is definitely different . There is no pink in the Ulta product , it is a light beige white . The Amazon mask is thin and pinkish . I did n't detect much of a scent difference but my daughter did ! She said they are definitely different products . I have not tried it on my hair yet , so I do n't know how it will compare as a deep conditioner . I would have to say the Ulta one should be better because it is AUTHENTIC and a MUCH thicker consistency . So , Once again , thanks Amazon for ANOTHER ripoff product !!! Do n't buy this hair mask from this seller . Fork over the extra money and get the real product at Ulta .
 I bought this product a month ago and I ` ve been using it as indicated , however , I have n`t seen much difference in my hair . This product smells great but it 's sadly to say that my hair does n't look more neither hydrated nor shiner . I usually make my purchase decision based on others ' reviews ; unfortunately , this time seems like I wasted $ 20.00 because I did n't get the results I was expecting .
 Been using this product for a number of months , but i do n't think i have been able to see a difference . yes your hair does get a bit softer than usual , as well as a nice fragance stays with your hair all day long . BUT there is no nice shine to it , nor have I noticed my hair healthier or anything.Then again it may work great for some people and it may not work at all for others .
 I will not order this again . It came in the same jar as pictured , so it 's not a fake , but it seriously does n't work . I thought i 'd get soft hair , full of moisture , yet this does exactly what any conditioner - regular conditioner - will do . It 's the same thing . It makes your hair soft while it 's in your hair , but once it 's out your hair will frizz and it will be worthless . Will keep searching for a better product that delivers as promised . I think the people who gave this good reviews probably were reviewing it based on how it is in wet hair in the shower , not the after effects . Not worth it for me .
 Product left my hair dry and brittle feeling and not easy to comb through ... I could have use a drug store brand for a better result .
 I never write reviews for the products I buy on amazon , or online in general , but this one I just had to . The product smells completely different from a previous one that I had ordered for my girlfriend and I can assure you that the one I had before is 100 % authentic . Checking previous reviews for this seller shows that it is not just me who have been sold fake products . BEWARE .
 I was so excited to see this product nearly 50 % off on Amazon ! So great ! However , upon arrival it was A - Open and all over the inside of the box , and B - Very obviously fake . The real product has a stronger/sweeter smell , is a pure white color , and is creamier in consistency . I have used this obvious replica a few times and the results are mediocre , like a regular conditioner ... but they are nothing in comparison to the real thing . Save yourself some cash -- Go to Ulta , or even CVS and buy it for the extra cash . You 'll be glad you did .
 This item is a fake . I have been purchasing it for over a year from a salon and Loved it ! Purchased it this time from Amazon . It is not the same product . Different color , smell texture . Shame on you Amazon for selling a fake prodct . I even took it to my salon to show them and they could not believe it .
 I bought this because I have heard so many good things on youtube and from friends so I bought it from amazon because they were selling it for half the price but I guess it was too good to be true . It is not the same one my friends had ! they sent me a fake one . . When I opened it the jar the product was pink when it 's suppose to be white and mine is really lumpy . Going to return it soon and bought a real one at ulta , which is white and no lumps . I know it is a lot cheaper on amazon but it 's not the real thing .
 So I have extremely dry hair due to coloring and using bleach to highlight my hair . The first day I used it , it left my hair extremely dry and stringy and not to mention how brassy my hair color looked ! I had used it in the shower and left in on for about 10 mins and completely rinsed it out . So the next time I used the conditioner I left it on for about 30-40 mins and rinsed it out but left a little bit in . It did leave my hair extremely soft that time but my hair color still looked really brassy and made my blonde highlights look Bleh :--LRB- Was not really satisfied . One more thing , since I didnt rinse it out completely it left my super straight lifeless , thin hair even more lifeless . I guess this product may be good for brunettes with thick hair -LRB- no way did it work for my straight blonde hair -RRB- .
 I 've bought this before at an Ulta and was excited that it was cheaper here . although the product smells correct and has a similar texture , it does n't quite seem to be the color I remember . when I opened the package it seemed like perhaps the product had been opened , as the lid had product in the grooves despite the inside &#34; seal &#34; that comes with the product . I will betaking this home with me this weekend to compare it to the real thing -- until then it WILL NOT touch my hair.I simply do n't trust it yet . I 'll try to figure out how to update this review when I compare the two .
 I really did n't notice a change in my hair after using it . Did n't make it softer or healthy looking . Maybe your hair has to be really dry and damaged to take advantage of this product . I would say it smells nice . A little bit like how Herbal Essences used to smell -LRB- but not as good -RRB- before they changed it to the fruity scents they have now .
 I tried this shampoo after reading multiple reviews on another website -LRB- I think -LSB- ... -RSB- ? -RRB- . It did n't do much for my hair . I did try to stay with it as multiple reviews said you needed to keep using it for a couple of weeks , but it actually seemed to build up in my hair and weigh it down . Also , the smell is not one I would choose . It 's not HORRIBLE , but it 's really not enjoyable .
 I should have realized that something was wrong when I was able to purchase the Macadamia repair mask for 1/2 price . I always thought Amazon double checked everything they sold so I did n't think twice when ordering from them . I was wrong . I knew this product was a fake after opening it , it smelled different & had a completely different texture than the real macadamia repair mask I had purchased at my hair salon . After using it I saw no difference in my hair at all . Disappointed with Amazon.com : -LRB-
 Save yourself the money and buy some olive oil instead . No noticeable difference in my hair . It does smell nice though . I use it like conditioner -LRB- since it says to apply to wet , clean hair -RRB- once a week . The packaging is nice .
 I purchased this product because I needed something equipped to handle thick , coarse hair to make it smooth and more manageable . The product smells great , a little bit goes a long way and purchasing the bigger jar is definitely the better buy BUT , there was nothing at all spectacular about this product . I picked up some Suave conditioner for $ 1.72 a bottle at Wal-Mart to do a quick rinse in between washings . Well , I decided to use that conditioner in place of this and when I tell you that I got the EXACT same results I am 100 % serious . As a matter of fact , I 'd say I even preferred the effects of the Suave conditioner over this . Save your money ! There are other products out there that are cheaper that will give you the same , if not better results !
 I do n't really know what to make of this product ! I do n't think it worked well with my hair ! when I read other people reviews I was like wow that 's it the magic treatment , but no that was not the case . I had curly highlighted hair . Now let me explain my hair is not super curly or dry its simply damaged of the sun and all the highlights , and etc. I try to use this product as direction , including using it twice a week only , still I ca n't really see the difference . again I highlight my hair and use hair straightener a lot .
 My hairdresser recommended this product . I 'm in the process of going shorter and shorter with my hairdo and getting rid of my perm . This helps add volume to my ultra fine hair .
 The first pair of these I purchased , the teeth kept getting stuck on each other . I received a replacement quickly , but that pair was n't great either . With this type of thinning shear , you get what you pay for . So go for the more expensive pairs is what I recommend . I bought a pair that was half the size for about $ 40 and it works beautifully .
 I 'm going to be quite frank with you , it smelt awful . If I was to compare it to something , I 'd say a mixture of nursing home , men 's locker room , alcohol , and a very VERY faint scent of flowers .
 I was not happy with the results.The product does n't deliver the tan it promises . I will not purchase this again .
 I was excited to try this nail polish but was disappointed when it arrived . It is not nearly as thick as the picture makes it look . In fact , it 's almost entirely translucent . I piled on 3 coats and I could still see my nailbed through the paint . This polish might make a great top coat for someone but as a stand alone nail polish it is not very impressive .
 Do n't know what is going on with this online Essie lacquer . I purchase Essie all the time ; at the salon , and even at my local department store . Never have I seen this product so watered down . I know Essie has a sheers products line ; however , not the ones I normally wear . Sugar Daddy is a new Essie color , and I know this is not supposed to be a sheer . But to verify my knowledge , of this product , I went to the department store , and pulled the SUGAR DADDY , and opened it , and it was soft , semi opaque , not sheer . Two or three coats will do the trick . Guess I 'll continue to spend more money for OPI , and Essie locally ; therefore I 'll know what I am getting , before I buy it ; and wo n't have to spend extra money on return shipping , that will not be reimbursed ; even though it is a lesser quality product.I think it is in the pricing ; if you normally pay 8.00-10 .00 for either of the basic lacquers ; more than likely this product will be the opaque version.Don ' t know where they are buying this stuff from ? The sellers are great thoughUpdate
 I 'm not happy at all with this shampoo . It has sodium lauryl sulfate in it.Common ingredients that are known irritants include sodium lauryl sulfate , used to produce the lather in soaps and shampoos , is a preservative that releases formaldehyde and can cause allergic reactions , The CIR has set concentration limits on both.My neck and ears broke out after using it . I had to take steroids to get rid of the allergy which drove me nuts for a few days .
 This shampoo does not work for me , it dries my scalp and I have had minor dandruff issue since . I tried adding a few drops of caster oil but that did not help either .
 the smell is not what i would expect from the name . it 's a little more `` soapy '' and less `` fruity '' than i would like . the soap also did n't fizz and only added marginal bubbliness to the bath . kind of a disappointment .
 Asked Boots for a refund on their poor quality MASCARA and this was their reply : `` Thank you for contacting Boots.Boots does not offer refunds for general dissatisfaction and apologize for this inconvenience . Everyone has different skin types and will have varying levels of skin change.Sincerely , Boots Customer Service ''
 I guess I was under the impression that this was one of those metal type foot files that sort of ` grate ' your feet . It 's my dumb fault for reading the description wrong ... . but for someone who really wants the callous gone , this will do minimal work . The salons use a grater type foot file on me and it took me forever to find one but I did ... the one I got is like the ones you see in a real spa . This tool would be a good compliment to the metal file but it does n't do the entire job on its own
 I am fair skinned and had a very decent tan before I ordered this product but when I would put it on it would literally burn my skin for hours . This product is def better suited for someone w/out sensative skin . Smelled amazing tho !
 i 've used a lot of different tanning lotions in the years that i 've tanned and i was not very impressed with this one . i 've heard great things about the ` new ' OC line of tanning lotions , and purchased it based on the reviews on amazon.com . i just did n't get the great results that others seem to have noticed . perhaps it 's more of a level one lotion . the smell was just okay - nothing too strong , and there was no ` after tan ' smell . after my purchse , i spoke with the owner if the tanning salon i go to and asked her more about the OC line -LRB- which apparently i should have done before my first amazon tanning product purchase -RRB- and she 'd commented that more people seemed to like the ` over night celebrity ' and ` show off ' a lot better than the 10X . oh well , you do n't know until you try = -RRB-
 I am not happy with product . will leave orange spots on your feet and hands if you do not rub in all lotion .
 While Special Effects is the BEST semi-permanent hair color out there , Blue Velvet falls very short where the actual color is concerned . I read all the reviews stating it was more of a purple than blue but decided to try it anyway . Needless to say , upon receipt of the color , it did n't even LOOK blue in the bottle , let alone on my hair -LRB- which is bleached up to almost platinum -RRB- . It was very dark and had a strong purple hue to it ; with each shampoo , it turned more and more purple . NOT BLUE . I must admit that the purple is brilliant and I 'm getting tons of compliments but I wanted blue . So if you want an amazing purple , get the Blue Velvet . If you want a true blue , well , I 'm going to try the Electric Blue next and see how that comes out . I really , really wanted a deep royal blue but Special Effects does n't seem to have one yet . Hopefully , they will reconfigure the Blue Velvet formula or come up with something new soon .
 This is a great item for blondes , however , my hair is black & I was just trying to give it that blue highlight , well like every other colored hair dye I tried -LRB- Manic Panic , Splat -RRB- , it did a much better job of dying my scalp than my actual hair . It washed out within a week . I was disappointed & was looking forward to that nice blue highlight in the black hair but I did n't get it for long .
 When I read to be prepared for bleeding nothing could have prepared me for how bad it was . I did my full head . To start off it stained almost everything it touched from skin , my shower , my sink . I 'd hate to see what it would have done to walls/floor ! Then it would bleed and dye my forehead and neck purple -LRB- it was blue dye -RRB- so I was constantly rubbing my forehead and neck to keep it off . I ordered Blue Velvet and it went right to purple . Yes , I followed the directions . :-RRB- As for how long it stayed in the hair . This was pretty good . It stayed in for about 2 weeks , some parts a little longer . This was washing my hair once a day in luke warm water . So if your looking at doing just to top parts of your hair -LRB- nothing that rubs on skin -RRB- its worth it . Or as long as your careful when using/rinsing it out -LRB- stains -RRB- .
 I love orly polish , but my top coat thickened , making it very difficult to apply . I purchased this because the topcoat was still more than half full . I have put in over 20 drops , over a couple of tries and there has been no change in the consistency of the polish .
 I must 've put at least 15 drops into one of my bottles of polish before I saw any difference at all .
 I like the smell but once sprayed it would last only few minutes . Therefore it is useless and not worth the money spent .
 For a new user of this cologne , you would n't know wether or not it 's the real deal . But any normal user can the that this cologne is not legit . A price that is almost $ 30 below retail value should be the first clue . After receiving this product , knowing it was a knock-off , I went to the local Ulta and purchased a legit bottle for comparison . Surprisingly , the Amazon knock-off does n't hide the fact that it is a knock-off . The obvious differences were the -LRB- 1 -RRB- ingredients listed on the bottom of the package were different ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- the website listed on the bottom of the package was different ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- the distributor was different ; and the -LRB- 4 -RRB- bottle 's bottom label was different.Specifically : -LRB- 1 -RRB- main ingredients oak moss extract and coumarin are missing -LRB- 2 -RRB- johnvarvatos.com -LRB- Amazon -RRB- vs. johnvarvatosfragrance.com -LRB- Ulta -RRB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- EA Fragrances Co. -LRB- Amazon -RRB- vs. JV Fragrances and Skin Care -LRB- Ulta -RRB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- completely different designThe less obvious signs were , -LRB- 5 -RRB- the pattern of the leather wrapped around the bottle was different -LRB- diamond is vertical-shaped on Ulta and horizontal on Amazon -RRB- ; -LRB- 6 -RRB- the box texture signifying the leather-look was not embossed on the knock-off ; -LRB- 7 -RRB- the smell was noticeably different ; and -LRB- 8 -RRB- the symbols and language through the packaging was misplaced and/or different .
 Yes , Varvatos is high on the tres chic list . However , as Varvatos Vintage is advertised , I did not find it to be `` woody , warm , elegant '' at all . I 'll agree with the `` fruity '' part of Vintage though , as in pineapple ! In that I 've never aspired to smell like a pineapple , I 'll pass on this fragrance .
 This cologne is not what you may smell from a new bottle . Not sure what happened here but this does not smell the same from Nordstroms . Comments were TESTER NO BOXING NO CAP NEVER USED ...
 I checked this product out at a Nordstrom , tested the sample , and fell in love with the smell . I decided to not purchase it at the department store and went to Amazon . At first I was skeptical of the price Amazon was charging but realized it was being shipped from Amazon so it had to be the legit product . Item shipped quickly and well packaged . Unfortunately I was disappointed by the smell due to its strong alcohol content . It sure was n't the same and the smell did n't last long . I went to the department store to retest the scents and it was obvious from not only me but my girlfriend as well , that the smell was not the same . The Amazon version had too much alcohol , and well , smelled cheap . From what I understand I can not return this product to amazon for a refund/exchange due to be a fragrance , and in the end -LRB- for the first time -RRB- I am no content with my amazon purchase . : -LRB-
 I thought that I could save a few dollars -LRB- 40 % -RRB- by buying this product on-line as compared to a department store . I found that the product once sprayed on would last only a few minutes ... the blend is heavy on the alcohol and short on the oils ! I wont make this mistake again !
 I recently purchased this product on a recommendation from a friend . I gave it to my husband for Christmas - we both like the scent but can never smell it even a few minutes after he has applied it . It seems no matter how much he uses neither of us can smell it after it 's on him , even on his clothes . Even though the fragrance in the bottle is classic and subtle , it 's very ineffective if you ca n't smell it at all .
 The batteries provided can barely power the motor . The on/off switch is a 3 cycle mechanism with 2 buttons . On to get low power , off , on again for high power . Already the electronics inside are ` loose ' and you need to tap the handle to get the motor to run . I 've had the item for about 4 hours .
 I would not recommend this item . I do n't know if buying here means it will come from some third party seller or still from the same seller as on tv - I purchased mine through the infomercial . The phone system took ages to navigate and was truly annoying , then shipping took four or five weeks!As for the product itself , I purchased two and the high/low speed never worked on either one . The mini face spinner is totally useless . The bag broke on mine within a few months , so I can no longer hang the heads up in the shower . The amount of speed/force of the spin is n't enough to do anything . Save your money .
 Item was used and wet in the box . I remember this item . I never used it on my body because of the condition it came in . I now read reviews before I buy anything from any company on amazon . This was just a bad product and a bad experience .
 Great idea but needs R&D because the batteries only last one or 2 days , which is rediculous and not worth the aggravation . I do n't even use it . . a total waste of money .
 the spa brush is weak , and not worth the money , a waste of money , there 's nothing good to say about it . the power is too weak , no i would not recommend this , you been warn do not purchase this .
 I got the Spin Spa a few years ago . You ca n't get enough pressure for the brush to do any good . I wasted a lot of money on this and it hung in my batheroom and gathered dust . I used the suction hook for a better hand held brush .
 When I received these items I had to fix them to work . The spring where the batteries go was bent on both products . It took me a bit to get a screwdriver and try to bend the springs so they made contact . I almost sent them back ! My review , I give it a 2 .
 At first I really like it , even tho it was underpowered . Then I changed the batteries . And it stopped working . Then I sent it back . I am disappointed , because I too believe this has the potential to be a great product . Just needs more engineering by someone who is interested in more than just ripping off the public .
 I really thought this was a great brush . The balance is good , and the handle is n't slippery when wet at all . It has two speeds and did a great job . I did n't expect much for twelve bucks , so I was very pleasantly surprised at how well this thing worked -- that was for about five minutes . After that , gears inside its little head seemed to rattle and slip and eventually stopped rotating the brush entirely . Now , it just makes noise , leaving me with a twelve-buck back brush.This really is a good idea for a product and would definitely be worth more if a reliable company made one . Maybe one does . I 'll certainly look for one and buy it if I find one . This , however , is just a cheap junk item , something to throw money away on either to see if it really does work or to give as one of those obligatory gifts to folks not at the top of our gift lists.Since none of my relatives read Amazon reviews , I might just buy a couple more of these .
 I ordered this product through a mail order catalog and it looked great . I paid about $ 20 or so for it and I 'd say it may be worth about $ 5 but no more than that . The pouf attachment works well and is pretty cool since it spins but you still have to put a lot of effort into moving it back & forth & up and down to create a lather -LRB- it does not do the work for you which kind of defeats the purpose having a spnning brush -RRB- also , the pouf will not last very long , I have been using it for about a month -LRB- a few times a week , not every day since it is more time consuming than just using a bar of soap -RRB- and the pouf is already starting to get old/used looking and I do n't know where to get a replacement pouf.As far as the other attachments , I will say this-the microdermabrasion STINKS , it does absolutely NOTHING , it has a little opening where you pour whatever cleanser you are using into it and then the cleanser is supposed to come through the microdermabrasion piece , well I poured a decent amount in it and no lather came out , I pured more , then more , then more , until I poured at least enough cleanser for 10-15 uses and STILL it would not come out so I had to pour the cleanser directly onto the microdermabrasion attachment -LRB- after wasting 1/2 bottle of cleanser by pouring it inside -RRB- and what a disappointment , this piece basically fell apart as soon as it touched my skin . Now , let 's move on to some of the other pieces ... the spinning brush feels nice to brush and kind of masage your skin so that attachemnt is ok , the attachment that is made with rubber pieces for massage does NOTHING , it does not feel good or feel like it is doing anything and the pedicure attachment does not do much either -LRB- your better off buying a pumice stone and rubbing your feet yourself sine the spinning action is not not enough for you to notice results unless you put a lot of effort into scrubbing back and forth while the brush is spinning.I give this 2 stars because my son likes using the pouf attachment -LRB- he 's just lazy so he figures it 's easier than having to put the work into lathering up his whole body -RRB- but I find that regardless of the spinning action , you still need to scrub as you would if you were just using a pouf or sponge in your hands to really get clean and if you want to use more than one attachment while taking a shower , it is a time consuming and a BIG effort to change attachments -LRB- ie
 I was really looking forward to getting this item . As I have difficulty with my joints , and movement in general I thought that this would be a valuable bath aid . It is not.It is far too weak to be of any practical use . After using it once the `` high '' setting barely spins , and the `` low '' setting might just as well be called `` off '' . Pressing it against your skin causes it to just stop spinning , there simply is n't enough power for the SpinSpa to actually work . Even fresh batteries do n't help.Although the pumice stone attachment is actually quite nice as well as two others , in the end they worked better when I REMOVED THEM from the SpinSpa and just used them by hand . Definitely not worth the price I paid to this company.If you are someone who needs a serious bath aid , save your money and pass this item by . I 'm going to look at the other bath aids on this site .
 I made the mistake of ordering this JUNK while watching television late one night . I implore people , do NOT buy this ! First off the company totally ripped me off on shipping -LRB- I 'm actually trying to see if I can bring charges against them on the excessive shipping charge , it was over $ 25.00 and they did n't tell me that when I purchased it over the phone -RRB- . The equipment belongs at best in a dollar store in a closeout bin for less than a dollar . Do not be fooled by the appearance of the luxuriating spa experience shown in the ads , nothing could be further from the truth . If you apply any pressure at all the thing actually stops , the one attachment that you put your body wash in does not dispense it , instead it drips it out of the sides of the head . I use pretty expensive body wash and I was really upset to realize that it was leaking out of the attachment and there was no way to get it back out and into the bottle . All in all this is the absolute worse product I have ever purchased and I do a fair amount of shopping over the internet and via infomercials . Based on this experience I will never ever buy another item from an infomercial and I 'll be much more careful about internet purchases . The people that are selling this product should be absolutely ashamed of theirselves , they know this is a piece of junk and they 're just ripping people off and hoping that no one realizes what crooks they are and what a rip off this piece of garbage is ... do n't buy it , you will be really disappointed and you 'll be just throwing away your money !
 In college I studied planned obsolescence . It is the practice of marketers taking a product into the market place srictly to make a quick profit based on concept alone knowing full well that the product will not last any length of time and is poorly engineered . In short they knowingly make a cheap product for a quick buck . This product fits the bill to a tee . The profile and weight at the head make it an ahtletic challenge just to hold the brush in reverse to scrub your back . The unit is extremely under powered . Any friction at all needed for proper cleaning and exfoliation stops the rotation . The center lug on my brush broke the first day . I would pay a lot more for a brush that would truly do what this brush pretends to do . This product is a joke as a bath brush but it makes a real good home defense club .
 If you waste your money on this product , you will have no one to blame but yourself . The concept is desirable ; that 's the only thing this item hits on . It sucks the life out of your batteries and for the FIVE MINUTES precious new batteries will put into it , it wo n't survive pressure you need to use to get the thing to spin . You will be disappointed . I promise .
 This product was wonderful for the first run . Good concept for the price . However , it run out of juice after one run with brand new batteries and even with brand new rechargeable batteries . Having the replaced batteries almost each use is too much.If they make it where batteries last a little longer , I would be gladly to pay more than $ 15 for this product .
 This contraption is not strong enough to be effective . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this product once it was available at department stores . I was quite excited to try it out . It 's very easy to work with , but lacks power . If you turn the product on without an attachment , you can immediately notice that there is more power in the gears than with an attachment . This in itself is mildly disappointing . When you use it in the shower , you can not apply pressure to the Spin Spa because it will stop spinning . In my opinion , it feels like you get an insufficient result simply due to the lack of torque in the brush .
 I should have paid attention to the negative feedback from other Amazon customers . Spin Spa is supposed to work as electric toothbrushes do
 I bought this product expecting it to last a couple years , at least . While it worked it was almost worthless at best . The slightest amount of pressure would slow the spin head down to a stop , even with brand new batteries . About the 3rd week , it slipped out of my hand -LRB- water , soap ... . no non-slip handle -RRB- and fell to the tile floor . It LOOKED ok but I could hear something rattling inside , and it never spun its little head again . It 's junk , in my opinion .
 I bought two of these & both quit after 2-3 uses . It eats batteries at the rate of each use.Save your money and buy a washcloth and a paint stick !
 The commercial for this had me sold ... good job for the commercial . This item is not all that it is cracked up to be . The expoliating attachment is almost useless ... it 's design is too bulky to spin , thus it rolls around on your skin , without much proficiency . The other attachments do n't feel like they do much because they do n't lather the way a rag or other items do . I really got it for the pumice/pedicure feature . I supposed it `` pumiced '' my feet , but nothing to write home about . Chop this up to one of those gift items that do n't live up to the hype .
 I had great hopes when I first got this brush that it would be just wonderful . I tried it a few times and it just did not seem worth the effort . The power was so incredibly low that any attachment that I put on barely moved . So basically , I tucked it in the back cupboard and there it has been for several months now . Last week , I broke my right wrist -LRB- being right handed , this has been a real challenge -RRB- . Ah yes , I remembered my brush now , thinking that it might be a help in my situation . I pulled it out of that back cupboard , put brand new batteries in it and VOILA ! IT DID NOT WORK AT ALL . Into the garbage it went - this is really a piece of junk . I do not recommend anyone buying it .
 This is a very poorly made product . When used with any kind of pressure the attachment comes flying off . I actually returned the item .
 This has little or no power so it does not spin well nor does it do the job . I would pass on this product .
 My 14-year-old daughter wanted a Spin Spa very much . When she finally got one , it did n't last 3 weeks . Something happened with the internal mechanism that causes the head to spin , and it stopped working .
 I debated for a long time before purchasing . After I got it and tried it I would have given this 3 stars . It is under-powered and frankly the brushes were n't substantial enough for a nice back scrub . But after one use , the new batteries were dead . I replaced them and alas , the power level is even lower . It just eats batteries without providing the use I needed .
 i got this for my wife as a present . . i paid about 25 bucks . PEOPLE SAVE YOUR SELF THE MONEY AND EMBARRASMENT . do not buy this for your self or anyone else . first of all it wasnt powerfull at all we changed the bateries and it stayed the same , yeah it spins fast but once you press against your sking a tooth brush would do a better job . as well after sitting in the shower for a while it got all moldy .
 I thought that this product would have more power than it actually has . When a moderate amount of pressure is applied , the product 's spinning power declines quite a bit and does not perform as antisipated . If someone were to ask me about purchasing this product , I would tell them that I would not as I felt that it is not worth it .
 Do not waste your money on this worthless piece of junk , the attachments stink and the motor is not as it looks on the infomercial , needless to say it stopped working , I wish I would have saved my money on this battery guzzling piece of junk ! Do Not Buy ! Not worth your time money or effort ! Ugh ! Amazon should not be selling this type of garbage !
 I like the lotion , but the scent is way too strong and anything - pillows , cloths , etc. - that come into contact with your head will smell as well.Added 5/24/08 - I found a little spray bottle which makes it easier to put a small amount on your hair - with this , Its 4 stars .
 did nothingmore thatn the average product that you can pick up in any grocery or drug store , disappointed that I spent money on this
 The Sebulex Medicated Dandruff Shampoo was a big disappointment for me . I was really looking forward to it controlling my dandruff . But it was very drying on my scalp and on my hands as well . -LRB- My hands were left feeling very dry and irritated . -RRB- The shampoo also did nothing to control my dandruff . The smell was OK and it did n't bother me . That was the only thing that was appealing about the product . I 'd definitely look for another product to control my dandruff . I 'd never recommend this product !
 I did n't notice any difference at all when using this shampoo . I normally use Denorex as needed for dandruff , and I see results almost immediately . I certainly would n't recommend this product to anyone .
 Hmmm ... was n't that impressed with the overall effectiveness with helping my son 's cradle cap . His doctor recommended it , but I think it caused my son 's hair to fall out . I 'm sure it works well on adult heads though
 The stylist at the salon used this product on my hair to give my curls more definition , which the product did beautifully . Unfortunately , within about ten minutes of leaving the salon , I started to develop severely itchy/painful eyes and my scalp and face began to itch anywhere my hair touched it . Having had this issue with other products , I left the store I was shopping in , went home and washed it.Who knew that this product would NOT come out of my hair?I did notice when I first wet my hair that it was sticky and felt strange ... and not the way it does after using spray or mousse . This should have been a clue that this was n't any normal hair product . Anyway , I washed my hair seven times over the next 18 hours , including using clarifying shampoo twice -LRB- at the suggestion of the stylist , who was very nice and apologetic , and really did n't know this product would cause so many issues -RRB- . It was Paul Mitchell clarifying shampoo . This decreased the smell , but did not eliminate it . I even tried treating it like an hair odor issue and used vinegar rinses on my hair ... once again , decreased the smell but did NOT get rid of it . I even treated my hair with coconut oil because all this shampooing left it so crispy my conditioner would n't even touch it ... it helped re-moisturize my hair and skin and it actually cut the smell down , but it did n't get rid of it . Two days later , my head still smells and my face , scalp and eyes still itch . I have little bumpy rashes on my face anywhere my hair hits . It 's like this product embedded itself into my hair shaft ! Do NOT use this product if you are an even-remotely allergic person . IT DOES NOT COME OUT !!!!!!!
 I ordered this after reading reviews that the new curlesuque version was n't very good . I ordered what is described as TIGI catwalk curls . I received TIGI curlesque . Super disappointed . Unfortunately for me I did n't realize until yesterday that the bottle I was using was the curlesque .
 * Sorry , but TIGI Catwalk Curlesque did not do anything for my wavy curls * Now I wish I could have tried the original version especially because I did not even get on sale !
 Wow , way to budget cut a product Tigi ! I have looong curly hair and I 've been using your product for 10 years . My hair went to moist and soft with the original `` Curls Rock '' to straw with your so called `` Curl Collection '' ! Read the label and not the packaging , alcohol is what drys out your hair and they are the top ingredients in their new expensive product . Keep your cucumbers and give me back my Curls Rock .
 This is NOT the same and does n't do for my curls what the old Curls Rock did . If you like the old one , you 'll be disappointed in this .
 Wife loves the original Curls Rock Amp ... this product does not define her curls at all . . just makes them look flat and dried out . She is going back to the original .
 So sad that they change this product ! I loved the old formula it never made my hair look or feel crunchy . The new formula does !!!!! I am so disappointed that I no longer have my go to hair product .
 Just picked this up yesterday and tried it today . Maybe I 've got some kind of problem . I 'm trying to find a product that I can put into my wet hair , let it air dry , and end up with dry curly hair that looks like dry hair , not like the `` wet look . '' This stuff left my hair looking wet , even after air-drying ... and after I fingercombed it -LRB- which occasionally works with other products -RRB- I now have straw-like , not very curly , hair . Not happy at all .
 I have thick , tight , corkscrew curly hair . This stuff was AWFUL in my hair and I agree with most of the other posts . It does n't hold your hair at all and does give it a straw like texture . I actually have n't found a Tigi styling product I 'm completely happy with yet . I have used the CatWalk Curls Rock Curl Booster . I loved this product , BUT it did leave a build-up after awhile . I found that if I used it every other day that that would help up with the build-up -LRB- It stays in your hair for a looong time -RRB- . Probably going to give the S Factor Smoothing a try .
 I have used other Curls Rock hair products with great results . I do not have tight curly hair , but naturally long , loose curls . Curl Amplifier did nothing for my hair except make it frizzy and weighed down my curls ; my hair was a total mess . I would never use this product again , although they do have other great products I like and use .
 The listing for this product describes a 5.7 ounce package : http://www.amazon.com/Bed-Head-Catwalk-Curls-Amplifier/dp/B000VZ9UFU/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1295717244&sr;=8-1The box arrived in a timely manner , but it contained a smaller package of only 4 ounces in size.Hopefully this was just an oversight on the part of DealSeekers/SalonSavings . We have contacted them and are awaiting a reply .
 Wife is saying that the product is not the same since they changed the packaging and ingredients . She has extremely curly hair and is complaining that it `` does n't hold the way it used to ''
 I have been using this product for several months and the more I use it the less I like it . I have wavy/curly normal hair and bought this based on the reviews on this site . I wish I had read the review that the formula changed to contain alcohol because this is the WORST thing that you can put on curly hair ! Wavy/Curly hair needs moisture . Now I am searching for a replacement .
 I 'm not sure why I 've had such a different experience than many of the other reviewers , but this product left my hair dry and crispy , not good at all . The one I recieved is the newer `` Crulesque '' bottle .
 Given the number of glowing reviews for this stuff , I can only conclude that I bought it after the formula change , or it 's just not for my hair type.I have fine permed hair , and have experimented with varying amounts of this stuff on hair that is in varying stages of wetness . I tried rubbing it in my hands with a bit of water as suggested by another reviewer . No matter what I do , I get zero shine , hold or definition . The additional hope of finding a curl cream with a little conditioning is out the window . Maybe I got a bad batch ... this stuff is pasty , leaves some film , and weighed my hair down enough that I actually lost curl . Bummer .
 This stuff defined some of my curls ... but just could not elevate the frizz from my hair . It also made it crunchy and straw like . So sad , it had great slip but did n't perform right . My hair type is a strict 3b/c with mostly 3b waves and curls . And , if that was n't enough from this product ... I believe it made my skin breakout once I rinsed it in the shower . There is a chemical in it -LRB- Hydroxyisohexyl 3-Cyclohexene Carboxaldehyde -RRB- which is known to cause ECZEMA ! So for some of you who think your eczema is just about who you are ... think again , especially if you wash your hair in the shower.Be careful with some ingredient lists online . Some places do not list ALL of the ingredients . The fact that this particular ingredient was left off of some sites says a lot.Even if some like this product ... it does n't mean that it is not causing them to have eczema . But what can I say , everyone is different.My hair is so thick , I used half the can the FIRST time , and my hair is n't even shoulder length . I threw it away , and I use something different that I love !!!!!! I love it so much I do n't even want to say what it is ... it 's a secret : - -RRB-
 I bought this product at a hair salon a few months ago . I 've really liked the other Curls Rock products I 've tried , I figured I give this one a spin.The good thing
 I have very fine hair that will curl nicely if properly coerced , but will frizz out otherwise . The original Curls Rock Curl Amplifier was the magic it needed -- I used just the * tiniest * amount -LRB- the size of a pea for my shoulder-length hair -RRB- , and it would curl up my ringlets like nobody 's business . I 've used it for 7 years with no problem.I ran out right before a vacation and went to the salon to get more , but was devastated to find out that Tigi had discontinued it ! They recommended Kenra curl cream , but I 'd tried that and it did n't provide enough curl `` oomph . '' So I purchased Curlesque Curls Rock and just hoped for the best . The best did not materialize . :-LRB- No matter how much or how little I used , my curls were limp and my hair either frizzy or greasy . The best way I can describe it is that the original was very `` sticky '' and required lots of soap and water to wash off your hands ; this cream just washes right off.If you have very curly hair that just needs taming , this would probably work fine . If you 're getting greasy or flaky results , just use less . But if you have fine hair , you 're out of luck.I 'm now going to buy up all the stock I can find from `` unauthorized '' outlets thta have n't gotten rid of their stuff yet ...
 This is stiffer in my hair than the original Curls Rock Amplifier . I 'm glad to see the original back in stores .
 I 've been using this product -LRB- the original -RRB- for 7 years now , sadly I bought this and have become very disappointed . My hair seems to be more frizzy and uncontrollable but the last straw was it makes my hair line break out ! Thanks Catwalk but I will be taking my business elsewhere .
 I love the original Curls Rock Amplifier that came in the blue pump bottle . Like all curly girls , I 've tried hundreds of products and it was my favorite . I was very disappointed when the store where I purchase it from told me that they had discontinued it and that this new product was it 's replacement . I 've found this new product to be very drying and it does n't give me the wonderful polished curls that it 's predecessor did . This also let my hair feeling very ` gunky ' and the alcohol in it caused a lot of dandruff . Overall , I 'm very disappointed in this product and TiGi . I guess I 'll be buying the old stuff online from now on .
 I am absolutely devastated that TIGI discontinued their curls rock amplifier !! I have used TIGI 's original Curls Rock product for almost a decade and nothing else has compared to it . This new Curlesque version just does n't have the chops . It does n't have the great hold or definition that the old version had and left my hair frizzy and lifeless .
 I have thick curly hair and this makes my hair super crunchy.The bottle says use 1-2 pumps but that is way too much . I have tried using a smaller amount , but even 1/4 teaspoon of this product gives me helmet head .
 I had heard some great reviews on this product from friends and was excited to try it out . My hair is wavy and will curl with the right product -LRB- usually spray gel -RRB- . I often use John Frieda 's Frizz Ease to help keep the volume down and was hoping for something similar or better with CurlsRock . Sadly , it does nothing for my hair - adds a little weight but kills the curls and leaves my hair super greasy even if I only use a little . I am very disappointed overall .
 My thin curly hair is frizzy with this product . Also It does n't smell as good as the original . Definitely like the original Curls Rock better !
 I do n't recommend this product . It has several design and usage flaws that must be discussed . First of all , it 's creators had the idea that all men are created of equal size . We know that this is n't true . I purchased this product back in 2003 , and tried using it for about a month . When I tried to put it on , it would n't fit over the head of my penis . This is a problem that ca n't be overlooked because it claims that you can urinate while wearing it . I tried to urinate after wearing it for several hours , and what resulted was a blockage due to the `` one size fits all '' insertion , and the urine back-flowed and went everywhere except for the in the toilet . Another problem is the method in how one is supposed to use the device . One is supposed to use medical or adhesive tape to attach the skin of the penis just where the foreskin was cut off to the metal slider . From there , the user will pull the skin over the head of the penis that is taped slider and secure it with the screw on the slider . Now this will cause discomfort , residue from the tape to be left on the shaft of the penis , and cause the skin below the foreskin scar to be stretched out . The discomfort for the stretching is rather painful . The ere were several time when I was trying to removed it , and the metal slider fell back , pinching the skin between two metal points . The problem with the tape is that it caused irritation , and lint would get stuck to it it would n't wash off very easily . The only thing that got it off quick was rubbing alcohol which can cause further irritation . The last problem with how it will stretch out the skin on the shaft of the penis . If one is sexually active -LRB- And I was while trying to wear this thing -RRB- the skin will be stretched out to the point where bacteria can form and pool in the stretched out microscopic cavities caused from the device . This can result in a variety of skin diseases and it happened to me . The aliment that I had was a rash that resembled acne but could n't be popped and was covering the shaft of the penis . I know that it was n't a STD because my wife -LRB- girlfriend at the time -RRB- and I were both tested and came back with a clean bill of health . Doctors did n't know what to make of it , and the only way I was able to get rid of it was by soaking in a warm bath with anti-bacterial soap diluted into the water . It took almost three months of soaking twice a day for the rash to clear up , but once it did , I pretty much gave up on trying to `` grow back '' was sliced off of me as a newborn infant . Look , guys , you might have a feeling of envy towards those that still have it , but using something like this is n't worth it . It caused me a lot of problems , stress and an feeling that I wasted my money . It did start to re-grow a little ridge of skin but look what I just described for you . If its gone , its gone , and trying to re-created something that is missing certain glands and original nerve endings is going to leave you with a less than satisfactory result . Thank-you for your time .
 I too have been using this product for close to 30 years now . I was a very loyal customer . I have given up on NEXXUS THERAPPE and HUMECTRESS . It is NOT even remotely close to what it was . I can no longer justify paying their price for a now inferior product . My head itches every time I use it . My hair is ratty and knots up . The softness , shine , and purity of how my hair used to feel using the original product no longer exists . Even their 5 oz deep conditioning is horrid . I found an older travel bottle in my travel kit and it had some of the original product left . What a difference . I miss it so much and am devastated by what this product has become . My travel bottle has a few days left and then it is gone forever and so too are you NEXXUS . You lost a loyal customer and probably most of your loyal customers . You know what you need to do NEXXUS . Good luck . You are going to need it .
 I have used this product on and off for years . When Costco started to carry it , I started to use it again . My thick , fairly course hair has felt dry ever since . No matter how long I leave it on , my hair does n't feel conditioned . I am so glad that I read these reviews , as I had been blaming the change in my hair on the weather , hormones , styling laziness , and a poor selection of styling products . I had such faith in the product , it had n't dawned on me that Nexxus had cheapened up its product.As for the new smell , it does n't really bother me and I am fairly sensitive to perfumes . It is more perfumey than the old scent , but it would n't stop me from using the product .
 I do n't know why Nexxus decided to mess with the best conditioner on the market , but this product is ruined . I had used this conditioner for the past 17 years , but never again . The consistency is completely different and the strong smell is so disgusting that it made me sick to my stomach . I let my daughter try it and she said it made her want to gag . How do these horrible products get past quality control ? If I could give it zero stars , I would.Can anyone posting a future review suggest a decent alternative ? Thanks in advance !
 bought it in the store , came on here to see if I could find the leave in one ... only to find they changed the formula . I am very upset . The new one does n't smell as nice nor does it work . It makes my hair feel greasy .
 I am a guy . I have long hair . I used this product my entire life and I appreciated the very mild scent and how well it worked with my hair.The NEW formula has a VERY intense scent and does n't work nearly as well at conditioning.Dear Nexxus , please change back to the original formula !
 I 've been a Nexxus Humectress Conditioner and Therappe shampoo user for many , many years . The new formulas should have come with a name change , as the new product in no way resembles the original high quality Nexxus products . The reality is that the new formula is simply trash . The original was a leave in conditioner that actually made hair healthier . The new formula requires immediate rinsing and leaves hair feeling dry , frizzy and blow away . Best to leave it out altogether.Reviews around the net are mixed , split down the middle . I 'm not sure I understand how anyone can find the new formula as good or better than the old , but when 50 % of a product 's users are extremely disatisfied , a company should take notice . However , as I discovered from corresponding with Nexxus customer service , they are concerned with profit only . The `` party line '' seems to be that they have done their customers a favor . Ha ! I guess providing less quality for the same money is working out well for them . Not so well for me , though.Since Nexxus seem to have lost around half of their customers , I must assume that their profit margin has increased via simple economics
 After using Redken for years , I switched to this one because it seem cheaper and still salon acceptable . For months , my hair has gotten worse and worse since I got this . At first , I thought it was hormones and stress but finally from reading the reviews and recently seeing my hair get finer and finer and untamable , I have deduced it to this shampoo and conditioner . I should have known when after I washed it with the conditioner , it felt nothing like my other salon shampoos . :-LRB- -LRB- I wish I switched earlier to spare my hair .
 I tried Humectress for a week as a rinse-out conditioner . After my hair would dry , it felt coated . Not oily , but like there was some other coating on the hairs . I do n't quite know how to describe it . If I ran my hand over it , it would come away with a a coating which did n't rub off . It came off with soap . Very strange.Otherwise it was a so-so conditioner . I have coarse , super dry , curly hair . It did n't dry my hair out any more than it already is , but it did n't add moisture either . I had a lot of frizzies while using it .
 I tried this product twice and my hair simply started falling off . My type of hair is treated -LRB- relaxed -RRB- and I love Kerastase Masquintence which is more expensive . To reduce my budget I bought this `` Nexxus Humectress '' big 33.8 Oz . bottle with the black cap at Target and I regret it .
 I 've been using the old formula for YEARS and bought this new black cap formula after I ran out and could n't find the original . After using it I wanted to CRY !!!! It 's just plain NASTY and does not do what the original did . It 's watery , too much perfume , and after my hair dried it was frizzy and had this poofy look to it . Birdnest comes to mind !!! For the price I paid for it I just wanted to scream ! I would put this new black cap formula in the same category as Suave just more expensive . I wrote to the Nexxus company and was told they will not be making the old formula anymore , so now I 'm hunting something else on the market that did what the old Nexxus one did . So far no luck . Please do n't buy and use this new formula thinking it 's the same ... it 's not . You will be soooo disappointed . Like I said this stuff is NASTY !!!!
 Old Formula was the best . The new formula does n't smell good and leaves my hair slightly dry and brittle . Old formula left it soft and moist . I have used the old formula for several years . After all those years , I will now have to go shopping for what else is out there . This new formula is as good as the best formulas that were out there several years ago . It is now a pale comparison of what it used to be . I am still in shock over the change of something so good to something mediocre .
 Nexus used to be my favorite hair product brand because they used high quality ingredients that did wonders for my hair . But in the last 3 years they have repeatedly tampered with their formulas to cheapen their products and still charge high prices.I used to love Humectress conditioner . It used to be a rich thick formula that left my hair incredibly hydrated and nourished . Then they changed the formula about three years ago to cheapen it . Now it appears that this year they have cheapened it even worse . It 's just a cheap or mediocre conditioner now , not worth the price they are charging for something that is no longer salon quality.As soon as I tried this recent version it gave me an huge rash on my neck . I could n't figure where the rash came from because I stopped using it for several months -LRB- despite buying the 33 ounce bottle -RRB- because it was no longer a great conditioner . When I tried it again to use up the bottle , the rash re-appeared . Rashes are individual , not everyone will react the same way , but it was obvious to me that cheapening of the ingredients has consequences in quality beyond just not making it worth the cost.Google all the complaints on the internet for more info . Basically they have kept the same names on their products but completely changed the ingredients , misleading customers , into believing it 's the same product . None of their products are the same as they were 3 years ago . It 's basically either crap or mediocre stuff pretending to be what it used to be.Many of the reviews on Amazon are from BEFORE Nexus started selling mediocre products in place of the wonderful stuff they used to produce .
 I 've used Humectress hair conditioner for over two decades . Seemed perfect . Great effect on my hair , AND , little or no intrusive scent.That product is GONE.You can ignore every review you 've ever read of this product.It now has a SEVERE SCENT . Probably some will like it and others not , as with any scent . My concern is that I do n't want a strong scent in my shampoo or conditioner . If I want to wear a scent , I will choose one.Personally I find the new scent hideous , in addition to being too strong.Nexxus , bring back the classic Humectress , or , at least take away the absurdly strong scent of the new product !
 I 've been using humectress for years on very long hair . I used a little as a leave in conditioner on the ends as well . This re-formulation of humectress is a miss for me . My hair is not as shiny and smooth as before , and by the end of the day , the ends feel brittle . I 'm not thrilled by the fragrance choice either . I ca n't say the conditioner was horrible , but it no longer does what it used to do , and i 'm going to have to look around for a new product .
 I bought this conditioner at Costco -LRB- in a giant bottle -RRB- and tried it two times in the past two days . The first time my hair dried and looked greasy like I had n't washed it at all , so I washed it again the next day and used the conditioner again . Even worse this time ! My hair is very fine and straight but this just made it look matted and dirty even after extensive rinsing . I had to wash my hair with vinegar after the second application to get the greasiness out then followed with my old shampoo/conditioner -LRB- herbal essences -RRB- . Stay away if you want your hair to look clean !
 Nexxus shampoo and conditioner is your run of the mill almost good enough to be a salon product . My hair was just to dry for this product , I naturally dont have nice hair at all . If you want the best out there try pureology hydrate or Bumble and Bumble Super Rich . Another product that has made my thick , super dry and super frizzy hair change into great hair would be `` biosilk silk therapy '' .
 I used this after hearing rave reviews about their conditioner , even though it contains mineral oil . I had not used mineral oil in my hair for over a year and last night was my first time using it again . I hate this conditioner ! Although the consistency is thick and creamy which usually works on my super curly hair , it felt dry going on , which is weird for a conditioner . When I rinsed , after steaming my hair , it felt like straw . I co-washed my hair with suave ocean breeze to get some moisture back into my hair . Im not going to blame all of the dryness on the mineral oil alone , there were a lot of random chemicals w / names I could not pronounce in the conditioner . im going back to my trusty Nature 's Gate for moisture . This was a waste of $ 17 .
 As my title says that all these items marketed to women are basically total waste of money PERIOD . Women dont get it , PLZZZ Stop we men dont care about this crap .
 I just purchased this product and am sorry I did . For the $ 38.00 I paid I could have bought 4 of my favorite lip glosses from my local drug store . I am 37 and have relatively full lips and was inticed by the advertising that this product would give my lips a fuller appearance . This product did nothing . . I exfoliated my lips well and applied the gloss as directed I did feel a numbing effect and the color was pretty but did not get the advertised fuller/plumper lips . If Lipfusion was so confident in their product they would offer a money back guarantee ! That being said they would probably go out of business .
 I ca n't believe this company has the nerve to set a price of $ 38 . Amazon had it for $ 10.59 and I got it with some other alleged plumpers of about the same price to try it out . The current price is $ 21 -- just ridiculous . It is a pretty lip gloss with a slightly sweet taste . It licks off easily so it does n't last long . It has no other effect , but the company includes a long information page in many languages with purportedly scientific details and the fact that you 'll get best results when it 's used in combination with several of their other products . Incredible . I do n't give it one star because I save that for products that actually cause harm or are extraordinarily displeasing .
 The product feels nice on the lips . But it did not do what it promised . Way too pricy .
 Nope . Does n't work . As a lip gloss it 's okay but you can find a better lip gloss at a better price anywhere .
 This stuff did n't do a thing other then make my lips tingle a bit and feel sticky ,
 This particular color has a very bad fragrance and flavor to it . I do n't know why , but it does . I wo n't be using this color . The actual gloss is fine , it goes on smooth , looks nice , but the smell and the taste will prevent me from using it .
 Did n't experience any difference in lip texture , plumping , moisture , nothing . Tingly ? Yes . Anything beyond that ? No . Could not use under lipstick in the morning or it would smear off . Applied it , left it on as long as possible but eventually had to remove what was left before applying lipstick . Applied at night before bedtime . No noticeable difference for me . Disappointed .
 I with the lady who said this is a waste of money . If you are looking for a nice color with a shine lipstick go to a store , and get a nice one for a lot less . I was looking for the plumping , and there was n't any .
 This product works as promised , stimulating a `` slightly puffy lip '' response within one minute or less ... However , it is gone within about 20 minutes . So you will feel great walking out the door or getting a quick photo ... but it does n't last long . In my experience , a reapplication does not give the same response ... unless you wait for a few hours or wash off all your lip stain or lip stick and re-apply . And , not much in the .29 oz tube ... for the cost.But it does exactly what it promises .
 This was a total waste of money for me . I wanted the best the first time around so I purchased what I thought was the best , but the only thing it was best at doing was absolutely NOTHING . If you want to waste your money , try this product . It will tingle a little , then you 'll rush to the mirror and find that it 's done zero for your lips.NOT recommended .
 Not as good as the XL version . but it is a nice gloss so my wifes says . she gave the rest of it to a friend .
 This was obviously on sale because it 's been on a shelf for awhile . I 'd guess a year or two.The color was n't right and I do n't get the same tingle or plumping effect as with the product normally .
 Does n't perform as claimed . Good moisterizing lip cream with a tingle , but no better plumping performance for lips than any of several brands already tried , some cheaper and many more expensive . Perhaps a topical ca n't really do the trick .
 Lip Fusion did not work well at all ... the woman in the picture is misleading . .
 I have to say that over the years I have tried many different beauty products in pursuit of those lusious cushy lips all the celebrities have these days . From lip venom , to lip fusion , to celebrity sexy lips , all of these have given great temporary results , then after about 30 minutes the effect goes away and all I have is sticky , very un sexy lips . This product is also way too thick , which does help keep it on my lips , but my fiance HATES to kiss me with this stuff on . Also , this stuff tastes kind of gross so if flavoring is a factor when you choose your lip plumper then this is n't your product . My advice is to check out City Lips original formula its the only product I have ever seen any results with , and it won goodhousekeepings best plumper award twice , after month long testing sessions .
 I used this product for over two months . I did n't notice any difference in the plumping of my lips during that period . I used it as long as I did in hopes that the product had a cumulative effect ; alas - I believe it has none .
 I used this limp plumber for 3 weeks 3 to 4 times a day . Even thought it kept my lips well moisturized and full , it did n't do anything more than the Blistex Ointment I use in the Winter and which costs about 1/30 of the price ! It 's just a good lip moisturizer . Needless to say , I returned it to Sephora .
 Save your money . I only gave this product 2 stars because it does keep my lips from drying out like they usually do by the end of the day . But thats a pretty darn expensive chap stick if thats all it does . I wasnt expecting to look like Angelina Jolie BUT a little bit of change would have been great after spending over 35 bux ! So save your money and go buy a few tubes of blistex or chapstick . I wish I had !
 ... and yet , they are not . To be fair , I do n't really have what would be considered thin lips , but they could use a slight pump . So , I use as directed ; I promise . Here 's what I get
 Wow !! I have been using Fahrenheit since I was in 10th grade . Im 27 years young now and I have to say that this is definitely not real Fahrenheit . Dont waste your money !!!
 I am very disappointed because the product has not reached me get to another destuinatario and I would like to inform me if I will return the money , or what solution I come up ,
 Well I strayed from the formula and got burnt on this one . I 've been purchasing and reviewing colognes from the list of `` So you 'd like to start wearing cologne '' guide on amazon , of which this one was not on . Intrigued by many favorable reviews at Epinions.com I went ahead and took advantage of a good deal . Now up to date , most of the colognes I have bought are very bright and pleasing scents . At first sniff this cologne is VERY different . It is much more subdued and dark . In short , the bottle is basically brown , but when scrutinized through light it has other nuances , and this cologne is basically the same in fragrance . It is controversial , my wife says she likes it , I do n't happen to . I can see how it gets either 5 stars or ranks very low . This cologne IS very different from others if you 're looking for something different that people will know the name of , but there will be some that do n't care for it at all . To me it smells like dark chocolate and tar that someone tried to cover with a musk cologne , neither of which are probably in it .
 Well I strayed from the formula and got burnt on this one . I 've been purchasing and reviewing colognes from the list of `` So you 'd like to start wearing cologne '' guide on amazon , of which this one was not on . Intrigued by many favorable reviews at Epinions.com I went ahead and took advantage of a good deal . Now up to date , most of the colognes I have bought are very bright and pleasing scents . At first sniff this cologne is VERY different . It is much more subdued and dark . In short , the bottle is basically brown , but when scrutinized through light it has other nuances , and this cologne is basically the same in fragrance . It is controversial , my wife says she likes it , I do n't happen to . I can see how it gets either 5 stars or ranks very low . This cologne IS very different from others if you 're looking for something different that people will know the name of , but there will be some that do n't care for it at all . To me it smells like dark chocolate and tar that someone tried to cover with a musk cologne , neither of which are probably in it .
 On the back of every Paul Mitchell product bottle it says `` Guaranteed ONLY when sold by a professional hairdresser , otherwise it may be counterfeit , black market , old or tampered with . `` Product diversion is a big issue in the professional beauty industry , if you do n't buy straight from the source , you do n't really know what you 're buying.Not only that , but this version of the Awapuhi Original Shampoo has not been seen on the shelves since about 2008 , that is EXTREMELY old packaging .
 I used to love Paul Mitchell and used it every day for two years and noticed that my hair kept thinning out . My ENTIRE family from both mother and father had there hair full all the way into their 70 's ! So why was my hair thinning ? Well it seems that if you color your hair -LRB- which I do -RRB- you can NOT use Paul Mitchell products . My hair came out in clumps towards the end which was definitely `` unnatural '' EVEN for natural `` hairloss '' . So now I use Dove Shampoos , conditioners and soaps . And Pantene color Expressions is good too.I take multivitamins and Biotin which is good for the hair by mouth daily .
 I shampooed my hair with this about a year and a half ago , because I love Paul Mitchell products and wanted to try a new shampoo . Within days I was losing my hair . I have beautiful long dirty blonde hair , one of my best assets , and it was devastating . I knew that since I had made a recent change to a different shampoo , that must have been it . I changed back to my original shampoo - Paul Mitchell 's Special Tea Tree shampoo , and I quit losing my hair . I definately recommend Tea Tree shampoo over Awapuhi .
 I used paul mitchell shampoo -LRB- original and tea tea -RRB- , conditioner -LRB- original and tea tea -RRB- , gel -LRB- original and tea tea -RRB- , wax , and hair spray products . After 7 months of use , my hair start to thin out at the age of 24 . I stopped it for 6 months and my hair has returned to normal . I would not recommend any paul mitchell product .
 Obviously , most of us can not jet off to Hawaii where awapuhi grows and was/is used by native Hawaiians to condition their gorgeous locks ... so having a dose of anything `` from Hawaii '' or having an `` ancient secret formula '' with an exotic name like Awapuhi sounds so alluring . It would be an easy way to get a little bit of the bliss of the Islands in your shower if it worked . I wish I could say that this product leaves my hair feeling smooth and deeply conditioned . However , it does not . I recalled using it in the 90 's and thought , `` Let me try Awapuhi again ... '' I love the scent ; I love the history and genius that is Paul Mitchell . The man has such a legacy . I so wanted to love this product like finding an old flame and instantly reconnecting . But the passion is not there . Has the formula changed ? Of course , there is the warning on the label not to buy professional grade beauty products outside a salon ... does this apply to Amazon ? I wish I could go to Angus 's -LRB- Paul 's son 's -RRB- beauty salon in Beverly Hills and ask him in person , but I am stuck on the East Coast for now . No , I will not be buying Awapuhi again -- in or out of a salon . Instead , I am going to try Mitchell 's son 's new formulas and see if these products work better . Maybe they are formulated to work on modern tresses better ? As I recall ... when I was using -LRB- and liking this product -RRB- we were all about letting our hair dry `` naturally . '' That was the look that was `` in . '' Now , it 's all about smoothed out hair . And , this product just does not cut the demanding ways of today 's current hair stressors , blow outs , roller brushers , flat irons , oh my ! This product is more for those who have `` off the grid '' hair styles . Like Paul Mitchell 's famous farm in Hawaii . You mean you do n't know about his off the grid farm where guests can unplug for $ 250 a night ? I told you Paul Mitchell was ahead of his time !
 The title of the product in Amazon says `` Wings By Giorgio Beverly Hills For Women . Eau De Toilette Spray 3 Ounces '' . It clearly states that it 's made `` BY GIORGIO BEVERLY HILLS '' . I bought the one sold by the seller Tuccini -LRB- recommended by Amazon -RRB- and neither the box nor the perfume bottle say `` BY GIORGIO BEVERLY HILLS '' , it only says `` wings '' . This is suspicious and makes me think that it may be a generic or fake perfume . It smells like the original Wings By Giorgio Beverly Hills but it last about 2 hours only and the smell is not that strong as the original.If you are planning on buying a substitute for the ORIGINAL Wings By Giorgio Beverly Hills , go ahead and buy it , it 's cheap . BUT BE AWARE that Giorgio Beverly Hills 's brand DOES NOT APPEAR anywhere in the package and it may well be a fake or generic product of LOWER QUALITY .
 In my order you have send me the empty box , there was no perfume what I ordered and charged me $ 52.50 . insted of $ 20.81 . should I give this to channal 13 to let the world know that your co. is cheating to people . I am very very upset
 I used to wear this fragrance years ago and loved it . When I searched for it on Amazon , and found it , I did see a review that commented on the apparent lack of authenticity of the product . I ordered it anyway -LRB- it all looked legit -RRB- but my perfume has arrived today and even though it smells the same -LRB- the longevity of which has yet to be determined -RRB- , the box and bottle do not state ` Giorgio Beverly Hills ' anywhere ! The paperwork attached says it , but the box does not . And the bottle does not even have the words ` WINGS ' on it . I definitely remember my previous bottle having the name in gold letters along the side of the bottle . I am convinced this is a fake bottle of fragrance that might as well have been bought at a local flea market . I 'll keep the bottle -LRB- it 's cheap as chips -RRB- but next time I would n't order something that is not the genuine article .
 I purchased this for my wife . Her is her take on the product
 The picture on the site looks like a small spray but its not , The bottle was not sealed and 1/3 of the perfume missing , looks used + the box came in slightly crushed.Not HappyRC
 I brought this item thinking that this products was original . It 's very obvious that the box has a bad quality , the labels at the botton of the bottle , besides this product does n't have the code from an original manufacturer . It 's going to be the last time I buy a perfum on the Internet .
 Ususally I buy Amarige by Givenchy from the sky mall when I travel . This one has nothing to do with the original that I am used to . It smells like the imitation one sold at the dollar store . I am very disapointed .
 This does n't smell like the perfume you get in a fine department store . Smells like a generic or watered down version .
 The perfume is awesome but I wanted this bottle for traveling and the top does n't close tightly . I will use it up but only at home .
 L'interdit was the product ordered , not Fleur D'interdit . I could not get through to the sender to make an exchange . Would like to receive explicit directions on how to exchange the product as I do not care for this sent at all .
 This product lays more at an angle than described , I thought it was more upright . Not sure if that is why when placing the bottles on the tray , they sit too close together where it 's hard to see .
 Okay product . Not worth the $ 9 shipping and handling judging by the material of the item and packaging . ''
 Grooms hair well and leaves it soft but my scalp breaks out . I should note that I have very sensitive skin and have to be VERY careful what I put on my hair .
 I bought this product hoping for an alternative to the aluminum based ones normally used . It worked fine for wintertime when I only had desk work to do . However , with any amount of activity I found myself needing a deodorant . I ended up throwing the stone away in search of something different .
 I 've used crystal stone deodorants before with success but this one just did n't work at all ! A shame because it has such high ratings and i was really hoping it would work .
 This crystal did not work at all for me . I think it might work for someone who is primarily sedentary , but its surely not an athlete friendly product . I am disappointed to say this as I was very excited after seeing all these positive reviews . But hey , maybe I 'm just a really smelly guy.Anyway , I 'm back to axe !
 I am trying to go natural . But I do not want to smell like the zoo . After a week of using the Amazing Thai crystals , I gave up . My smell was horrible . I smelled like someone from Europe that does not use any deodorant , Asia , from all those crazy countries that like the natural barnyard smell . I am so pissed I am writing this review . Why does natural meaning smelling like the packaderm house at the zoo ! All you natural smelling people tell me ? What am I missing here . Please .
 I decided to give this product a try because it was hypo-allergic . I still do n't know how to figure out if it even works . It 's a crystal stick that you wet and apply under your arm . It 's suppose to keep you dry , but that did n't happen for me . It may work for others , but I ended up switching back to my normal brand . If you are looking for an organic deodorant , you may want to look into other options .
 This is like using nothing , I feel like I abused my armpits but it does nothing for me.Great idea , and maybe it 's made for a woman and the hair stops it from being effective.Maybe it 's made for people who just do n't ever smell.This crystal did not work at all for me . I think it might work for someone who is primarily sedentary , but its surely not an athlete friendly product . I am disappointed to say this as I was very excited after seeing all these positive reviews . But hey , maybe I 'm just a really smelly guy .
 After I stopped using deo with aluminum , I tried switching to this salt stone and stuck to it for several months hoping I would n't have to keep looking for more aluminum-free deos . But after the first few days , I could swear it was causing me to sweat randomly in my armpits during the day . It was pretty gross . I started developing slight BO too , which I 've never had in my life . I think it depends on the person and how their body reacts to it as to your level of success with it .
 These crystals do work , but you may notice a bit of a smell at the end of a long day . Not obnoxious , but the way to combat that as some readers have suggested is to do a large area of the underarm repeatedly.The price went up by over $ 6 , shipping is hefty , so at a total of $ 14 for this item , I am classifying this as a huge rip-off . Walgreens and CVS sell the same deodorant crystals for $ 5 to $ 6 , so save yourself some money if you are just testing . I bought `` Naturally Fresh '' with Aloe Vera and have been using it successfully for almost a year.Don ' t be fooled by the Thai or any other label . Mineral crystals are all relatively the same thing .
 Haha , I can tell already I 'm going to get low `` usefulness '' because this is a negative review . Lol.Anyway , if you are like me and you have BO to high heaven and you sweat substantially -LRB- I actually do n't sweat too much I just have insanely pungent smelling BO -- I 'm female btw which makes it more embarrassing -RRB- and you try this it def . wo n't work.Rocks and crystal sprays last a maximum of 2 hours for me ... with no physical labor ... working out , less than an hour . Even during that active time , I still have slight lingering scent of BO . You 'd probably be better of slathering anti-bacterial hand sanitizer on your pits -LRB- which actually works , believe it or not ... good for those super bad days -RRB- . Yet to find an organic/natural deodorant -- and now as my BO has gotten worse -- a regular deodorant/antiperspirant that works well -LRB- that lasts at least 10 hours ... my current d/a wears off at 2 pm -- 6 hours later -- very VERY annoying ... and I 'm a student and I have a desk job ; I do no physical labor -RRB- . If you sweat and stink only a tad , this is all you need . No need for any of the hardcore stuff .
 If you want early-onset Alzheimer 's and a lowered immune system , then by all means spread 61 % Alum on your body every day.Note the label does n't tell you exactly what is in the product . That is a huge red flag ! The company faxed me their ingredients and lo and behold it contains 61 % ` potassium alum ' which is aluminum , which is toxic to the body . They claim the crystals are too large to be absorbed but they provide ZERO scientific evidence that this is the case . -LRB- I had to get them to fax ingredients because they sneakily omit the ingredients from their label ! -RRB- google the following words `` Mercola aluminum lurks deodorant ' and see what Dr Mercola , MD has to say about these products.The label on the product is so misleading ! Another red flag ! It says ` contains no aluminum chlorhydrate ' , as if that is the only form of aluminum to worry about.Aluminum is extremely toxic and is absorbed by the skin . They say it is n't absorbed but then how do they think it blocks the pores on your skin ? By magic?Use this product at your own risk .
 I Purchased the Thai Deodorant Stick for my daughter and it truly did not hold her , her underarms were very smelly and wet
 I have used a crystal deoderant stick for the last several years . -LRB- That 's how long one stick lasted ! -RRB- I 'm now down to a few little pieces of the original , and do n't remember which brand I bought.I assumed they were all alike , and bought the ` Thai Crystal ' stick , which was definitely not the one I bought previously.The Thai product actually makes me smell worse ! -LRB- Actually , ` stink ' would not be too big a stretch . -RRB- It sounds like others have been very happy with this product , so it may be something odd about me . And because I so loved my prior crystal , I 'm going to try another brand ...
 So called `` all-natural '' deodorant crystals make their claim to being `` all-natural , '' yet possess ammonium alum as a principal ingredient . Ammonium alum , or ammonium aluminum sulfate dodecahydrate , is a sulfate of aluminum , and therefore is an aluminum salt , just like aluminum chlorohydrate , the principal ingredient in antiperspirants.The deodorant crystal is actually one giant greenwashing scam designed to take advantage of `` green '' minds with clever marketing tactics . Just like with aluminum chlorohydrate , studies have suggested a link between ammonium alum and several types of cancer , osteoporosis , anemia , headaches , kidney problems , liver problems , gastrointestinal problems , extreme nervousness , bone softening , decreased calcium absorption , muscle aches , and even colic and rickets in babies.In terms of potential toxicity , aluminum chlorohydrate and ammonium alum are one in the same ; as is potassium alum , or any other aluminum salt . Through clever greenwashing propaganda , these crystal manufacturers have marketed their product as being `` all-natural '' or comprised of 100 % natural mineral salts and nothing more.Arsenic , lead , and mercury are also `` all-natural , '' but that does n't exactly mean that they should be applied liberally to your underarms . All aluminum salts are `` natural mineral salts '' as they exist naturally in chemistry . Again , that does not necessarily mean that they are healthy.Yet another piece of propaganda used by these crystal manufacturers is their insistence on claiming that their product is a natural `` African '' or natural `` Thai '' crystal . This can also be filed nicely into the realm of fantasy , as these crystals were all manufactured , and even if they were n't machined the way they were , they 'd still be potentially toxic , none the less.When forced to concede that ammonium alum is indeed a potential toxin that these crystals possess , deodorant crystal manufacturers will rush to claim that although their product does in fact contain potentially toxic aluminum salts , these salts have a chemistry such that the ions in the `` natural mineral salts '' are too large to pass through the skin.Or they will claim that the ions are negatively charged , and therefore can not enter the body . Both of these claims are patently false and have about as much empirical evidence to substantiate them as the tooth fairy . Skin pores , especially in the underarm regions , are millions of times larger than the ions in question , meaning aluminum will get in your body like sand falling through a cargo net.So now that you know the truth about deodorant crystals , do n't let these manufacturers off the hook for their outright , greenwashed lies . Let them know that we wo n't stand for dishonesty when it comes to what goes under our arms .
 Yes it works , why ? Because it 's made of aluminium crystals -LRB- or Alum -RRB- . It 's no better health wise than your regular old stick of Degree . The manufacturers cleverly omit an list ingredients on the packaging but if you do your research , you will learn of the aluminium crystal content . Products manufactured overseas have very little health and safety codes so there 's no telling what else is in this stick of deodorant . You could well be spreading some serious toxins onto your skin.There are claims that Alum crystals can not be absorbed into the skin because of there molecular size which is just completely unproven . Molecular makeup changes upon becoming wet -LRB- you have to wet this stick to us it -RRB- . Want better solutions ? Take a spray bottle and mix some Bobs Red Mill aluminium free baking soda along with lemon juice under your arms . Or fill a spray bottle with Milk of Magnesia and apple that and you wo n't have further underarm problems .
 I 'm slightly devastated because I thought this was the answer to my prayers ! I was so excited to try a deodorant without aluminum , especially in as awesome of a form as a crystal rock . For some reason , it just did n't work for me . I read all the reviews , tried all the suggestions out , but it just got to the point where I was sitting there applying this from my upper waist all the way up to my elbow over and over and over , and I finally just had to accept that this is n't the thing for me . I love how it 's unscented and easy-to-apply - however , I found that my underarms still smelled after the normal course of a day . Less than they would if I was n't wearing deodorant , to be fair , but much more than when I used regular aluminum-chemical-laden deodorant . In fact , my boyfriend had to beg me to switch back to my old Secret deodorant before I finally conceded defeat.Seems like some people love this product , though , so I guess it depends on the person . Just sad to find out it 's not universal!As a tip : Careful if you drop the deodorant - the sucker gets slippery to hold after you are running it under water and the plastic handle part gets wet , etc. . I dropped mine on the floor and the top part cracked and a bunch of pieces broke off - after that , it was like trying to apply glass shards to my underarms .
 The crystal deodorant worked amazingly for a week or two , but then I started to get stinky very quickly . * sigh * I was so hopeful that a natural deodorant would work for me , but my quest still continues .
 I could never wear this and be confident around other people . It just does n't stop the smell as good as I 'd hope . I might wear it around the house , but never out in public because it wears off on me . I 'm not an active person , I stay at home most of the time going to school online , and the most I 'll do is some sit-ups or go around chasing my daughter . I wore it for a few months exclusively but it never got better . Even straight out of the shower , if I put this stick on I can smell some funk . It 's kind of gross , so I rinse the stick and rewash my armpits , but that does n't always work . This could work for some people but I ca n't trust if for long and it 's a hassle to reapply -- take off shirt , wash pits , wet stick , reapply , dry , put shirt back on -- hope it works . I definitely ca n't wear it all day and overnight or I 'll smell like a bum . -LRB- I 'm female btw -- do n't know why it puts my bro 's name on the review -RRB- I have tried `` Life Stinks '' and that covered my smell well , so I 'd be confident going out with it on -LRB- had to apply 2x a day to last though -RRB- but it made huge boils and pimples form under my armpits . I had to quit wearing that since I was getting worried that they kept coming back , and it was painful and ugly . Crystal and plain vinegar did n't work on me either , so I 'm still searching : -LRB-
 This did not work for me at all . I am disappointed and was excited to try after seeing all the positive reviews . baking soda and coconut oil worked better for me than this .
 I purchased this Deodorant Stones of America -LRB- `` DSA '' -RRB- product in early January 2007 in an attempt to get away from the chemicals found in more mainstream deodorants/antiperspirants . It does n't advertise itself as the latter and I concur with that description . In my experience , it does perform admirably as a deodorant . However , two and a half months after purchase , I developed rashes under both arms and have had to stop using the product . I had to return to the mainstream products and the rashes went away in two weeks . I am a senior citizen and have never had an allergy in my life so my reaction came as a surprise and a disappointment . I e-mailed DSA and explained the situation and asked for their allergic reaction experiences -LRB- the product is described as hypoallergenic -RRB- but they have n't responded during the intervening week .
 All the positive reviews prompted me to go back and give this another try before reviewing , but my results were the same even with more liberal application . You have to value the all-natural concept pretty highly to have the patience for what I found to be a rather messy application process -- rewetting the stick multiple times and covering a wide area -- compared to the quick swipes of an ordinary dry grocery aisle deodorant . I do value natural products , which is what led me to try this , but I guess it just does n't work for everyone regardless of dedication to proper application.Frankly , I 'd forgotten that perspiration can be pretty odoriferous since my regular use of Secret or another such product work well for me even when I 'm working hard outside in summer . Well , this is winter and I 'm not working hard , so I was surprised at the not-so-pleasant results when using this product . I ca n't say if it helped with wetness because I 'm not doing anything much worthy of that , but I can say that it had no effect on controlling odor even with mild activity.If the natural aspect is really important to you , it 's probably worth a try since based on other reviews apparently it 's worked well for others , but it 's not effective for everyone .
 I used to use this product because I thought that it was safe . Well , I did some research into it and found that this is aluminum in it 's truest form . I was quite surprised to learn that this product is aluminum under a different name . This is bauxite and bauxite is the raw state of aluminum . Since that is so , we are still using aluminum . I emailed the company almost a month ago and have not heard a thing from them . I wish I had known sooner.Update : Dr. Mercola had this review 2-16-2010 . -LSB- ... -RSB- And I still have not heard from the company about this issue .
 I switched to pit putty , which is a powder at the recommendation of a cousin , and that is n't so bad thus far . And given its a powder , that should help you determine how inconvenient putting on this 1 was . It took too long to put on and it does n't last long.Its a good idea , but apparently my needs for protection are higher .
 So far , I 've been very disappointed by this deodorant stone . For me , it completely fails to perform its advertised task . It does n't matter how much time I spend slathering it around in my nether-regions ; I smell horrible . I had just run out of my conventional deodorant , and put my entire faith in this magical Thai crystal as I endured one stinking week waiting for it to arrive . Oh well , maybe I can find some other uses for it . Definitely gon na have to 1-star this one . What a shame .
 So far I 'm satisfied about the way that protect me against bad smell . What I do n't like about this product is that on ingredients states ` mineral salt ' . That 's it . So , you do n't know what ingredients are included . Are you sure that all ` mineral salt ' are good for your body ? I 'm sorry , but I can not recommended .
 I was excited to try this product ; its reviews were terrific . I perspire very minimally without any antiperspirant , and not at all with typical drugstore antiperspirant . I tried thsi salt deoderant product for six days . Each day the product failed , I perspired , and so each day I applied more and more layers of the product . The additional layering made no difference . I wish I could recommend the product , but I can not .
 BE CARFULL WHEN BUYING , I PAID FOR A 2 PACK AND ONLY RECIEVED 1 . I HAVE TRIED TO CONTACT THEM TO GIVE THEM A CHANCE TO FIX IT BUT SINCE THEY ALREADY GOT THEIR MONEY THEY DO N'T CARE TO FIX THE PROBLEM.SO BE CAREFULL WHEN BUYING YOU MAY NOT GET WHAT YOU PAID FOR.YOUR 'S TRULEY RIPPED OFF AGAIN .
 Go ahead and use this product if you do n't want to continue having skin under your arms . This rugged stone will scratch up your underarms leaving you with bloody pits . Making you more worried about blood then sweat showing threw your clothes . This product is horrible . I recommend this to people who dont like their arm pits . The makers oh this deodorant stone need some serious counseling .
 Molto Bene B : Oce Shampoo CS 8.1 fl.ozleft my hair completely flat against my head . I could not find other products that would add volume with this product . My hair was clean ; but it laid flat against my head
 I received this mirror for Christmas , and I was terribly disappointed in it.First , the `` touch '' sensor aspect of it is just poor design
 Did not care for this product . Came opened and spilled all over package.Tryed a little of left over . Did not enhance highlights . Just made hair color run together .
 Let me start by saying I have never colored my hair . My first white hairs started appearing when I was 16 and I did n't want to become a slave to the salon.White hair , and mine is snow white , has no pigment so it shows everything it absorbs . When mine started turning yellow at the top I had to do something so I tried this shampoo.It did remove the yellow -LRB- or color-neutralize ? , I 'm not sure it actually removed it -RRB- in just a couple of shampoos . So it does what it says but the smell is very strong . I have allergic asthma and the smell literally takes my breath away . It also lingers in your hair for days.I will probably use it once a week or so for maintenance but not as an every time shampoo . The smell is really off-putting . Also , be sure to rinse both your hair and your tub well . I do have some purple staining in my tub .
 I tried this after reading the glowing reviews and seeing the mention by a colorist in Lucky . I am currently enduring a bad run-in with Sun-in and was looking to tone down the brass . It did n't do anything terrible other than cost me $ 9 at Ricky 's and waste some of my time and energy . I still have the brassy tone . I left it on for 2 and a half minutes then for 4 and a half minutes . Still brassy . It did leave my hair tangled , as others complained . The smell was fine . Reminded me of something that happened to me hair-wise in the 90s ... ca n't quite place it . Maybe an Aussie product?Just here to counter the rave reviews and share my truth . Will repost if something changes . Let me know if I did something wrong and that 's why it did n't work . But I followed all the tips on here !
 I used this shampoo as directed , and I also tried the trick of leaving it in for 30 minutes like a dye after a particularly brassy dye job , but I did not see any decrease in orangeness . I have naturally dirty blonde hair and only dye about three shades lighter at home , so I was really hopeful about this product , but I did not get the results others have seemed to .
 I have white hair and used Pantene Silver Expressions until they decided to discontinue -- Grrrrrr !! I have actively been in search of a replacement and this shampoo came highly recommended by other reviewers . I personally do n't like it for 2 reasons -- 1 is because it leaves your hands purple when using it and I 'm pretty sure if it colors your hands , it 's adding some color to your hair !! I WANT mine as white as possible ! 2 is because it stinks ! It smells like really strong bath soap or kitchen soap . NOT good !! I 've found the best product so far to be the Jhirmack silver shampoo . Hope this helps !!
 After reading all the positive reviews I was excited and hopeful to try a product that hopefully would take out the brassiness from my hair . I have light brown hair with blonde highlights . My highlights are a full yellow color and my brown hair has brassiness from a bad dye job . After using this product I did n't notice an improvement at all . I rinsed and repeated and left on my hair about 4 mins the second time . Left my hair rather dry and hard to brush -LRB- tangled -RRB- . The smell is n't that bad , kind of reminds me of old lady smell . I will keep using this until the bottle runs out to see if I 'll ever see an improvement .
 My hairdresser suggested I use this product on my bleach blonde hair to eliminate some of the brassy yellow tones . I went out and bought the shampoo and conditioner w/o even thinking about reading some reviews first . Well , I washed and conditioned my hair with it , and I ended up with purple highlights ! So not only did I spend $ 20 on the shampoo and conditioner , I now also have to spend money to have my hair recolored . What I do n't understand is that it says right on the label `` will not leave residue , no patch test required '' . All I have to say to that is yeah , ok . Thanks Clairol !
 I used this shampoo and conditioner on my blonde highlighted hair for about a week . First of all the purple color of the product stained my hands and my towels . It took all the yellow out of my blonde highlights and then proceeded to turn my hair blue . The next day I used a normal shampoo and conditioner and it turned my green . Needless to say I had to go to my hairdresser and get my color fixed . PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT OR YOU WILL END UP PAYING MORE MONEY TO FIX YOUR COLOR .
 The product came in the mail with the top loose and purple shampoo everywhere . It would have been a good idea to tape the top . It also smells like `` old lady '' shampoo . It really is a gross smell that stays with your hair for days . The instructions also say to wash , rinse and repeat , so you end up using twice as much product . This turned my platinum hair grey in several areas . I bought the biggest size , because this is a staple for blondes , and ended up throwing it out after just 5 uses . I would highly recommend investing in the Unite Blonda Shampoo instead . It smells amazing , you only leave it on for 45 seconds and it is less drying than this product - truly the Unite is worth the money . Skip the Shimmer Lights completely .
 I have used this 6 times and have followed all the directions and advice . I have tried leaving it on my hair longer but it is not taking the brassiness away at all . I have dark brown hair with blond highlights and it has not improved at all . It was a huge waste of money .
 I thought the smell would fade , but after suffering a day through it , I washed my hair that night because the smell would 've kept me awake . It also made my scalp itch.Threw away a full bottle .
 My hairstylist recommended this after I decided to go gray . I have beautiful white hair . After quite a search , I finally bought the shampoo and conditioner . The shampoo has a dark purple color and very thick , gloppy texture . Both shampoo and conditioner have an annoying , cheap fragrance . Using the product left my hair dry and kind of dull gray.It 's very pricey . Definitely NOT recommended .
 After using this product for one week it turned my silver hair a bluish-purple color . I should have been suspicious when I saw the color of the shampoo was purple . No where in the advertisement or promotion of this product does it state `` use will turn your hair a bluish-purple color '' . I remember when this was a fad with older women years ago . Obviously Clairol still has a lot of shampoo and conditioner left from those days they want to get rid of . If you have blonde or silver hair , beware ! I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 The lid was not on all the way . The shampoo went everywhere . I had a huge mess to clean up . Ugh !
 This product will remove the yellow ; problem is gray hair takes on the blue properties . If you want white hair , do n't use this one it turns the hair blue .
 Bought this shampoo after my hair stylist used it in my hair . When cutting my hair he had difficulty combing it out , which I almost never have problems with . Turns out the shampoo is loaded with sodium laureth sulfate , enough that you can smell it after use . It dried out my hair to the point he thought there was something usually wrong with my hair . No , sir , it 's the shampoo . I only realized it later . I am not afraid of spending money on my hair , so I was a bit nervous when I saw how cheap this is . It tones down the brass , but it seems to do it unevenly . My main issue with it is how harsh it is on my hair , it makes me worried to use heating implements on it . On the upside , it stays cleaner longer , but also seems to be getting dulled out . I usually use Joico 's Violet shampoo and I 'm going to switch back . I use it infrequently because it 's highly pigmented , smells good , and is gentle on my hair . Get that one instead . I wondered why the shampoo was so cheap , now I know . Right toning ingredients , wrong shampoo ingredients . I have platinum blonde -LRB- generally healthy looking -RRB- hair .
 Bought this for my husband , whom has beautiful silver/white hair . After a few uses his hair had a purple-bluish cast to it . Had to switch shampoo and it took about 2 weeks for the cast to disappear . You will need to be careful about using this product .
 After using Pantene Silver Expressions for years and then having them discontinue it ... I went shopping for a replacement . Tried Shimmer Lights , the shampoo and the conditioner . Sure is n't anything like the Pantene :o-LRB- The shampoo was acceptable but nothing to write home about but the big disappointment was in the conditioner . My hair is currently very short , thankfully , because I ca n't imagine using it on hair that needs to be combed . There is no sense of any conditioners being in there at all - no slipperiness , for lack of a better term . I 'll keep looking for a replacement to the Pantene I loved but Shimmer Lights is not it .
 I just bought this shampoo . Do n't see any clarity yet , but the smell is awful ! Do n't know if I can continue to use it to see if it works .
 This shampoo is horrible . I have medium blond hair and thought I would try this to take out the brassiness . It left my hair feeling very dry and brittle and the smell is also very bad . Also , it did not seem to take out any of the brassiness . I would not recommend .
 After reading positive reviews and recommendations on a variety of sites , I decided to try the shampoo and conditioner . After one use , the results are pretty bad and I 'm not sure if I will use either one a second time . I have dark blond hair , which I dye with Preference 's Les Blondissimes Extra Light Ash Blond by L'Oreal . After about 2 weeks , I 've noticed that a brassiness always seems to creep into the color , and the only way to get rid of it is to dye my hair a bit earlier than I normally would to maintain the roots . I was hoping this would take care of the brassy color and give me a little more time between dye jobs . Not so . My hair is long , and the parts closest to the roots tend to be the most brassy -LRB- probably because they have yet to be bleached to death like the ends -RRB- . After following the directions for the shampoo and conditioner , my hair has a very visible gray/blue tint framing my face and on my ends , while the roots have maintained their brassiness . It 's even more noticeable due to the strong contrast of the two colors . Also , as some others have mentioned , my hair is tangled and feels like it has not been conditioned . Maybe this is better suited for natural blonds or gray/silver-haired ladies , but it does claim to work for color-treated hair . I am very disappointed . Looks like I 'll be hitting the box this weekend .
 I just used this shampoo and conditioner and my hair is BLUE !!! I am mortified !! I will call my hairdresser in the morning . Just tried to shampoo it out with another regular shampoo but it is STILL BLUE . Be extremely careful because this stuff dyes your hair blue . . Yikes !!
 This product does not have adequate product directions . I used the product and it turned my hair purple . When I called Clairol , I was told that you should only use it every two weeks . The product does not indicate that on the bottle . The representative indicatd that it is only intended for professional use.I was very disappointed in the attitude of the representative .
 I have gray hair and bought this shampoo to take out the yellowish tints . Maybe you 're not supposed to use it every day , maybe that was the problem , but I ended up with purple stains on my pillow case and sheets where my head rested at night . I bleached the heck out of them , but the stains are permanent . I may try it again after a while and try it once a week or something , but I wash my hair every morning and this just wo n't work for me as a daily shampoo . If I had kept it up , I guess my hair would 've turned bright purple , I do n't know , and my pillow cases would all be ruined .
 If you are thinking of using this product and you have ANY sensitivities to hair coloring products , dyes or perfumes , DO NOT order it . It is a dark grape color and made my entire scalp sting like crazy . When I contacted the manufacturer , I received no reply .
 I have mid brown hair with ashy blonde highlights that tend towards brassy and I purchased this after reading all the reviews here on Amazon . I have to say that after using it my hair was dry and smelt so bad that I could n't wait to wash my hair again to rid myself of the odor . Yes , it worked a little but the smell was so unpleasant for me that I will not use this again . I was avoiding people all day so that they would n't smell me ! I would consider using this again only if they improved the smell - yes it was that bad ! I will continue looking for a better product.Clairol Shimmer Lights - Blonde & Silver Shampoo - 16 Fl . Oz. , 16 Fl Oz
 Well , I bought this perfume based on the recommendation of the salesperson at Macy 's . She said it was the # 1 seller in the store for a year . So , even though I was n't crazy about it in the store , I figured I wanted to be `` with it '' , and I bought it . Well , at home , I sprayed it on , and my 5-year-old son says `` Mom ! You smell like camping ! Like that stuff we spray on for bugs ! '' Needless to say , I have n't worn it since . Maybe it 's just my body chemistry with it . You should definitely try this on before you buy it -LRB- and maybe ask a kid for an opinion ! -RRB- . I gave two stars because the bottle is unique .
 Just got this as a gift from someone who loves it . It is so strong , perfumy , like you are drenched in fragrance . I 'm not surprised people get complimented because there is no question you are wearing perfume !
 The bottle I received from my fiance , though it was wrapped and in a real box , was a FAKE.The color of the bottle was two shades too dark-it was almost red-and had particles embedded in the glass ; the box was cut open , the lining removed , and glued back together and re-wrapped . When I sprayed it on , I was hit immediately by the aroma of rubbing alcohol . When it hit my skin , it burned . Save your sanity and health , and go buy it in person from the Givenchy counter .
 I purchased this product as my own supply was getting low ... upon receipt ... it did n't appear to be the same thing ... the bottle was a slightly different design and color . . and the perfume did not smell the same ... I tested it on my skin ... on paper and on cloth ... it definately was not the same product ... it was either old , or a `` knock-off '' ... and it smells so bad ... it is not usable ...
 I got Very Irresistible by Givenchy Perfume as a gift for Christmas . As first smell , I loved it . Then I spritzed it and yikes ! That was 2 months ago and I still have the scent on me.It 's too flowery -- it 's not a clean , fresh scent . More of a `` I sprayed a little too much potpouri in here '' scent . Not for people with mild allergies to perfumes either !!!
 I bought `` Very Irresistable '' by Givenchy from this selller and the perfume looked and smelled different . The smell was horrible ! It smelled like a car freshner instead of perfume . Wasted $ 50 . NOT WORTH IT .
 It 's not an original product . They stole me . The internal pack was open , it does n't smell like the original that my wife have .
 I have been wearing Gucci Envy Me for the past five years and have purchased a number of bottles during that time . I love the scent . I always purchase from a department store and should have done so again ! In an attempt to save money , I bought online and it is NOT the perfume I 've been wearing for five years . This is either an old , expired bottle or it is not authentic . I wo n't be buying beauty products on Amazon ever again . Wish I never had since now I do n't have the money to buy a true bottle of Envy Me !
 IVE HAD THE BOTTLE FOR ONE YEAR AND BARELY USE IT . WAY TOO STRONG . Smells like cheap perfume and gives me a headache .
 I had better luck with the Maxi Blonde kits from the drugstores . I could never get 7th stage to lighten evenly ... some parts overbleached to white , while others only turned brown . Also it spread and ran onto previously bleached hair as it was processing . What a mess .
 The product description of the item was quite specific : `` eau de parfum '' . What I received was `` eau de toilette '' , which is not at all what I was looking for ! Furthermore , the price for `` eau de toilette '' being far less than that of `` eau de parfum '' , I consider to have been fooled and am very disappointed !
 I bought this because it did not include formaldehyde , etc. . Still made my nails chip and peel . Threw it away .
 I ordered this from outside the U.S.A. . When i got it the bottle had a big bump . The bottle was n't cracked , but at least 10 % of the content was missing . I wo n't be able to return it because it 's too expensive to send it back . Had a really bad experience and feeled like i got a used lotion . It feels creepy having an used body lotion . Besides , it is showcased with the parfumes ! I tought it was perfume and that is why i bought it .
 I bought this thinking that it would be as sexy as Realm for men , but i 've been disappointed in that . it smells ok , but not nearly as good as the masculine alternative .
 I was excited to be able to order this fragrance for I used to wear it years ago . This product was discontiued by Clarins . The bottle I received did not smell the same as the original . Very disappointed .
 I returned the items because the price posted on the web-site was wrong and I had ordered a large quantity only to receive a small quantity -LRB- price on web-site when I ordered was $ 2.99 for a case of twelve -RRB- After calling to find out why , I was told that they had put the incorrect price on the web-site and the resolution provided was not to my satisfaction .
 These sponges are poor made and unravel after only a few uses -LRB- less than 6 showers -RRB- . I used three of them before I gave up and returned the remaining sponges to Amazon for a full refund .
 I bought this powder a long time ago and am STILL trying to figure out how to get it out of the container ! What I was doing was banging it upside down on it 's side to get some powder to come to the brush , but it barely even came out then so I stopped using it .
 I bought this a while back and did n't like it at all . In fact , I just threw it out . I got no manner of coverage at all , and I was n't expecting much ! J It did n't even out my skintone or make my face look better in the least .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 In the interest of full disclosure , I have to say I joined the Usana team for $ 20 as an associate because I was looking for vitamins and I thought I could get credit for buying from myself . Also , -LRB- in the interest of full disclosure -RRB- , from my research , I did not feel comfortable with all business practices but I could n't find anything negative about the products -LRB- except cost -RRB- . With my joining , I got a sample of some Sense products and was pleasantly surprised . I order the cleanser and toner but since I know the importance of exfoliating I wanted to get that as well . Unfortunately , I was not happy with this product . I like feeling squeaky clean after cleaning and exfoliating and this product did not do the trick . It was too creamy so rather than acting as a scrub to remove dead skin cells it was more like putting on moisturizer . With my extra oily skin I was not pleased . I was very disappointed and paid nearly three times more for it than my regular exfoliating scrub . I will not be buying this again . I like the St Ives Apricot Scrub INVIGORATING scrub -LRB- the other St Ives apricot scrub gave me break outs -RRB- . I 'll keep using St Ives . If it ai n't broke then do n't fix it .
 The listed Active Ingredients in the product description are WRONG.The product I received contained -LRB- Active Ingredients -RRB- : Avobenzone 1 % Homosalate 5 % Octinoxate 7.5 % Octisalate 5 % OXYBENZONE 6 % Oxybenzone is considered questionable as to safety , especially for children .
 I seldom reveiw products but these wipes were a huge let down . Convenient yes , effective NO . I used them on my three year old this weekend -LRB- two wipes on a 3 ft tall person -RRB- and she got sunburn on her legs , arms and face . She also cried when I applied to her face becaue the product has a heavy alcohol content and stings your face.Please please use a more child friendly product and steer away from this for anything other than shoulders and limbs on adults !
 I remember this cologne from the 1960 's when Zizanie de Fragonard was much too ` mature ' for me , and quite expensive . I got suspicious when I saw the price of the current product , which was about the same dollar amount as I paid 40 years ago , but I ordered it anyway . This is obviously not the same cologne . Note that it 's called ` Zizanie ' , but ` de Fragonard ' is not mentioned . In fact , no manufacturer or country of origin is on the bottle -LRB- just that the essences came from France -RRB- , and the product is n't listed on the House of Fragonard web site . That said , it does smell like an inexpensive copy of the original , but even after 40 years , I can tell it 's not the same . Tant pis !
 It 's more like cleaning fragrance.If you burn , it evaporate so fast.Don ' t smell like a real pine.Et eg
 Received the item promptly but had a couple issues :1 . Item was not as described nor as pictured . Item is labeled different and did n't come in a box -LRB- partly because Seller 's ad stated there were &#34; 100 per pack , .57 cent each pack &#34; , when in fact it was priced INDIVIDUALLY but not stated so in ad -LRB- seller has since revised ad -RRB- .2 . Item has an off smell - almost like dill pickles . Does n't seem like it 's old stock , as exp date appears to be 09/14 .3 . Despite description , lotion does seem a bit greasy . Had to wash it off as between the consistency and the smell I did n't like it.Unknown if it works as sunscreen as I wo n't use it ... ca n't get past the odor.The good part is that the seller was a prompt shipper , but between them not living up to their advertised price , the poor quality of the lotion , and not getting the item that was described , I would not buy this item or from this seller again .
 I thought a shower pouf is a pouf , so I bought this whole pack . I now know that not all shower poufs are created equal . Firstly , this does not have a nice little `` yarn '' like loop thing to hang it with . They kind of made a loop out of the mesh itself and it is very thick and very hard to use . My biggest problem however is that this pouf is VERY rough . It actually turned my skin bright red . I would not recommend this pouf unless you have tough skin .
 I ordered a men 's fragrance called Realm from the picture displayed in the ad . What I received was not the same product . The packaging was different , the container tube was different and the fragrance was similar but different . I suspect that it was a cheap knockoff . I threw it out ! I am now closing my account .
 I did n't know I was getting Dr. Woods , not Dr. Bronners when I bought this -LRB- my own fault -RRB- and am therefore , VERY disappointed . It does not lather nearly as well as Dr. Bronners unless you use half the bottle . You get what you pay for . I thought it was such a great deal . Spend the extra on Dr. Bronners .
 RIPOFF !!! NOT CASTILE SOAP . CASTILE SOAP WAS INVENTED IN MEDITERRANEAN COUNTRIES AND IS VEGETABLE OIL BASED . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- This stuff is watery URINE .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 When I got this , there was moisturizer all over the inside of the box because a lot squirted out . The pump does n't work well at all . When I push it , a large amount squirts everywhere . I am not sure if I got a defective bottle or if they are all like this.As for the lotion itself , I like that it 's very light but it just seems to sit on top of my skin . I really have n't noticed any benefits from using it . I would not order it again .
 I was really excited for this product , but it does not smell as nice as the regular perfume . Fragrance does n't last long and the smell seems a `` little off . '' Better just to spritz a little of the regular perfume on your hair as you do out the door !
 I spray this on my hair as soon as I am done styling . It 's smell last about a total of :30 seconds . It 's a total waste . You are better off spraying your perfume on your hair instead . You might get drying alcohol doing it that way but that 's apparently the only way to get the fragrance to last on your hair .
 I wanted the package with the pepper on it like shown in the picture . When it came it was the one without the pepper . Its at The Rack for the same price .
 My english is not perfect , but I have the urge to write this small review . When I received the Aquolina , it was very clear that it was no original-the box was similar but without aquolina sign . The smell was also different and it 's clearly a fake . I am very dissapointed , because I live in Serbia and it is complicated for me to return it , and also because I completely lost my trust to this way of purchasing things .
 I received a tester . I was giving it as a gift and there was no lid . I would have liked to receive a complete bottle .
 I was unaware that they are selling tester bottles until my order arrived . Nowhere on the product info does it say this . I ordered it as a gift for my sister and now I will feel like a cheap person if I give this to her . With shipping , this price was only a couple dollars cheaper than the other sellers on Amazon who include a cap with their bottles , as well as the cute pink and white striped cylinder it comes in . This product does not include either of those things .
 The exact same thing happen to me its a tester . The color is a bit yellow and it smells different . I am not happy with this at all . =-LRB- I sent an email to the company and here is what they wrote me : The ad details under item condition actually does say it is a tester . The photo also shows a tester . No cap , no retail packaging.When I chose to buy from this company I had no idea that showing no cap and no retail packaging meant it was a tester . I have looked enough times since I recevied this email and still can not locate the ad detail that states its a tester . Not to mention the bottle say -LRB- Tester Not for Resale ! -RRB- I will say since I did email the company they said I could send the item back for a full refund and buy the correct item for more money . I think not ! But thanks anyway .
 Same on this product it 's not the true Aquolina brand it doesnt have the name on the bottle and it wears off in an hour the real one last all day . Also the bottle leaks from the top it drips all over the place soo much wasted product there is more on my vanity than myself .
 i personally do not like it . if u like the smell of bakery on ur hair for hours , then go for it . it is quite long lasting tho .
 Alright so I bought this a perfume a year and a half ago , I LOVED it at first . I used almost a whole bottle ! Then I bought another one and switched up my pefume for a while . I went back to the old bottle and sprayed it and it smelled really funky , I do n't know why but both of them smell funny after they sit for a while-they do n't smell like the bottles in the store . It 's like it goes bad after a while ? So wtf ?
 I ordered this on the 8th of June ! I was supposed to receive it today , but I did not get anything . :-LRB- I want a refund !
 Too strong , too sweet , smells cheap . Avoid this at all costs
 I want to believe that this is the original product . However , the strong alcohol smells leads me to believe that this may be fake . I 'm not sure why the AQUOLINA logo is MISSING ! This is VERY suspicious !!!
 I was expecting sweet and yummy . This is very powdery and overwhelming . I only sprayed it twice and 5 hours later it is still way too strong for me . It could just be my personal taste , but I just do n't like it . Lessoned learned , fragrances are too personal to order online for the first time before smelling them . I am returning this .
 Do not buy - Smells like cotton candy for 3 seconds and then becomes putrid . You think you are saving money but you are really losing in the long run . Again - do not buy ! ** UPDATE ** Apparently , the company that produces this fragrance has decided to remove their logo from the bottles and the outer case -LSB- ... -RSB- The new bottle I ordered from Sephora 's website looked exactly the same as the knock off from Amazon . The real one smells 100X 's better . I 've learned that somethings are too good to be true . If you 're going to pamper yourself - or someone else - do it the right way and splurge by purchasing from a company that sells the real thing . -LRB- This same size cost $ 22 on Sephora 's website -RRB-
 I think this is fake . There is n't the brand name aquolina anywhere on the package . I 'm very disappointed and upset . I ca n't believe I got tricked . The lady on the phone was very nice though when I called about it .
 The parfume came very discolored and extremely rancid smelling ! Worst part was that now I find out that YOU CAN NOT RETURN OR EVEN EXHCHANGE the bottle because they classify it as hazardous material !!! What a very Big disappointment !!
 I really just do n't like the scent . I must have been out of my mind - ordering a perfume online without actually smelling it - but I was hoping that since this fragrance received so much hype , I would n't have to worry about that . Well , I was wrong.This does n't smell like cotton candy , marshmellows , cupcakes , etc to me at all . It actually reminds me of my grandmother 's house - so maybe the bakery relation is still mixed in there somewhere . However , I really just can not stand the scent . Perhaps I 'm just not a perfume person . I do however , love my DKNY Fresh Blossom perfume . The thought of a hair perfume for me was ideal , since I usually just spray my hair with my favorite fragrance any ways , but nope - Pink Sugar just is n't my particular type of scent . I really can not wait until this stuff wears out of my hair right now . I 'd prefer the smell of my daily shampoo wayyy more than this stuff in it.So basically , if you like Pink Sugar - great . I envy that because I truly did want this to be my favorite fragrance ; I guess it 's just not meant to be . Furthermore , I 'll continue looking for that perfect signature scent .
 I ordered this item from Amazon under the impression that I was purchasing `` Aquolina '' Pink Sugar and the item that came to me was just `` Pink Sugar '' . If it was not a week befor Christmas I would have returned it . But being that it is a gift , I have to keep it and hope it is of the same quality . I am quite upset that Amazon would do such a thing and carry a `` knock off '' product and advertise it as an original . Their `` out '' is that they claim the packaging may be different , but , in actuality , it is not the same product . So disappointed .
 This product was to be Pink Sugar by Aquolina . The product I received was called Pink Sugar but it definetely was not by Aquolina . It is a fake/fraud product . Not made by the actual company Aquolina . Looks like the product but is missing the key company name and the fragrance smells nothing like the actual product . I 'm returning this product . I 'm glad I had the original to compare it too . Was very disappointed I did n't receive the authentic fragrence and have to go through all the trouble to return it then re-order the true product ... hopefully ...
 You should be aware that this product contains five forms of parabens . I too enjoyed this product until learning it contained these controversial preservatives , and five of them ! Parabens metabolize as estrogen in the body and have been linked to breast cancer . There are many products now on the market that are paraben free . Check the labels ! Do not use any products with parabens . Thank you .
 I am extremely unhappy about my purchase . This perfume is a knock-off . I know the difference because I have bought the real perfume before and I was hoping to get a better deal . The packaging looks very much the same but on the bottle it does not say `` aqualina '' like the real stuff anf it does not smell nearly as good as the real stuff . I found that I can not even return the item as it is deemed `` For safety reasons , items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases can not be returned to Amazon.com . Customers should dispose of hazardous materials according to Local , State and Federal regulations . Customers should contact their local government or local waste company for directions on how to dispose of Household Hazardous Waste '' . So UNHAPPY !!!
 This stuff just smells gross . At first , it smells really sweet , but there is this really chemically , musky undertone that just kills my nose ! I expected the entire bouquet to be sweet . Try Calgon 's Marshmallow body spray .
 I know this is a beloved scent for some , but on me it smells like burnt plastic and dollar-store vanilla air freshener . Nauseating ! I liked it for a while , and then just `` went off '' the scent ... maybe my body chemistry changed . It does last ALL day . Which is great if you like the scent , but torture if you hate it .
 Let me start by saying that I 'm a huge fan of food inspired beauty products.I have lotions from Bath and Body Works , half of Jessica Simpson 's Dessert line and soap that smells like lemon drops.This stuff was just plain disgusting.I went to ULTA and tried it so excited after reading the reviews.After trying it I spent over an hour waiting for the terrible smell to go away.It smelled like licorice or something.I ended up smelling something by Jennifer Lopez instead and it was way better.I wo n't tell you not to buy this but please try it first.I do n't think it will agree with everyone or at least it did n't with me .
 This is a knock off and not the real Aquolina Hair Perfume . Sephora sells the real item . The bottle is clearly different and the real product has a sweeter scent not so alcohol heavy . This is still a decent product but they should disclose that its a knock off and not the real thing .
 I do n't care for the smell of this at all . I was hoping to find something comparable to Hypnotic Poison . This is n't it .
 I was sp excited to get this in the mail today ... but as ot turns out , its a fake . The packaging gave ot away right away . No evidence of the brand . Thanks a lot amazon . Waste of money .
 I was totally upset . I was soooo excited to get this item and purchased it based on the review ... bad idea ! Its way , way too sweet . Since I already purchased it I have to find a way to use it ... so I 'm thinking air freshener or not ?!?
 It smells like sugar water . Do n't waste your money - Only buy it if you have smelled it and liked the smell . Otherwise do n't risk wasting your money .
 I did n't like this fragrance at all . Based on the the description and name of this perfume , I expected it to smell sweet , fruity and fun . It was none of those things . In fact , my husband thought it smelled like `` old people and baby powder . `` Who wants to smell like that ?
 You have got to be kidding me Amazon ... I paid 28 dollars for a generic knockoff ?! No where on the packaging does it say Aqualina the brand name ... I am so very disappointed with Amazon and I think my shopping days with you guys are over ! I am disabled and can not get to a post office to send back ! Does not even smell close to the real thing !! Thanx alot Amazon !!!
 This does n't have aquolina printed on the bottle . every bottle should have the name on it . so this one is a knock off forsure . they just good at imitating bestselling brands . i feel sorry for all those great reviews u may be getting something else rather than the real deal .
 I tryed this because of the good reviews , but was very disappointed . Smell is not very strong at all . Could not smell it in my hair at all . Waste of money .
 I got this product because of the high reviews and the notes of `` Citrus , Linen , Lavender . '' When I received mine I was ... well ... expecting it to smell like citrus , linen , and lavender . Im not sure if I just got a bad bottle ... but it smelled very strongly of fake vanilla and caramel ... it made me so sick ... I had to wash it out of my hair ...
 This perfume was not at all what I expected . As other reviewers described it , it smells like vanilla , marshmallows , and cotton candy and those are lovely smells . And to remind you , the name of this perfume is Pink Sugar . However , it was dumb of me to purchase this fragrance without actually knowing what it smells like first , because as it turns out , the scent is not at all sweet , but spicy , rude and unpleasant . I do n't understand the popularity of this product nor how anyone finds that to smell sweet .
 The only thing I smell is over powering black licorice . It makes me feel sick . I hate that smell . I thought it was going to smell like cotton candy , cookies and vanilla , like everybody keeps saying .
 It did n't smell right and trying to put it on was hard to get it to come out . Would not buy this one again ,
 The aroma was a bit like a cheap cologne . I was not too impressed . I was hoping to a mild , fresh aromatic product
 There is not aquolina anywhere on the package -- I think it is fake . Knock offs usually have a strong alcohol smell and this does . I ca n't believe I got taken by Amazon .
 I bought this perfume as a gift . It arrived quickly , but is a tester . The description did not say it was a tester . I would not have purchased if the description would have mentioned it was a tester . The seller should do a better job of explaining the product . I did n't read the comments by other buyers , so I am partly to blame .
 Outiside box was fine , but inside the bottle was in it 's cylider , and iimpossible to get out . it was glued in or something . i had to cut the packaging & it was difficult to do to remove the bottle . the contents of the bottle were brownish looking . any fan of this product will know , as the picture shows , the contents should be clear ! the smell was rancid ! did not even closely smell like the real deal ... smelled liked badly burnt sugar , not light cotton candy floral . this product can not be returned , so i was totally scammed .
 The perfume is not a clear color like it is in stores , it is very dingy looking . The product also does not smell like the right perfume ; it does not have a clean scent . It smells like its really old or something is mixed into it . Very unsatisfied .
 -LRB- this is for the Hair Pefume -RRB- smelled this scent in Sephora months ago and loved it , but I could n't afford it at the time , so I forgot about it . Then I found it on Amazon and was shocked at how much cheaper it was . I purchased it , and the shipping was fast and the packaging was secure . However , I am pretty sure this is the old version of the product.For one thing , the smell is very , very faint . It smells nice , but I can hardly smell it right after spraying , and I ca n't smell it at all after the first minute . I thought maybe my nose was just not working , so I asked several friends and family if they could smell it , and they said they could n't smell it either . Even when I used a ton of sprays and even resorted to spraying it on my clothes , it simply did n't last . The one I tried out in Sephora was strong and lasted quite a while.The scent issue would n't have been so bad if this stuff actually did anything for my hair as it claims it does , but it does n't do anything . It did n't tame my fly aways or frizz or make it look shiny.I do n't like leaving negative feedback and I definitely do n't like accusing people easily , so I do n't make this claim lightly . I spent hours researching . I went to the official website of Aquolina and on their facebook page and the bottle they show looks completely different from mine . I went to several different websites , including Sephora , and again , the bottle looks completely different from this one.I am very upset at this , I loved this stuff when I first smelled it and was looking forward to wearing it every day . : -LRB-
 Nowhere in the description does it say the perfume is a tester without a box or without a top for the bottle . I bought this for a gift ! If I had known this I would have bought it elsewhere . I do n't understand why the seller did n't disclose this in the description .
 This is the relaxer I grew up on . I ca n't think of a time when I did n't have scabs or brittle , overprocessed hair . To its credit , I do have a sensitive , tenderheaded scalp with resistant hair , so by the time my mother was finished with each section , it felt like fire on my head .
 I have fine hair therefore ; I typically perm my hair twice a year . I used 1/2 of this relaxer and as a result my hair texture changed significantly . I washed my hair repeatedly within the first week thinking I did not remove the entire relaxer but the result was and is the same
 I bought this item with the expectations that it was going to be a good gift for my wife because she used to like this aroma a lot , but when i received it i took a broken box and the perfume was not as expected with the aroma , too bad for page so serious.Shame on you .
 This shampoo is for both natural hair and artificial hair wigs . I did n't like how it made my wig feel , it was like using regular shampoo . Got something from Sally 's that works better
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 So , being on an 80s nostalgia kick and getting back into Indian Earth and Rubiglo , I wanted the brush . The ORIGINAL , tortoise-shell -LRB- plastic -RRB- handle brush that the lady on the video review says she has had for 20 years . -LRB- By the way , that lady is seriously persuasive . Someone should hire her to do commercials . -RRB- So I ordered the brush , and a week or so later , I received my order , only to be deeply disappointed . The brush I received was a totally different one , with a red-painted wooden handle . The brush was also all wrong . The ferrule -LRB- metal thing that holds the bristles -RRB- was flat , which would be ok for a blush brush , but is not good for a powder or bronzer brush . Even though I was disappointed , I could have lived with the brush , since returning it would be more expensive , and far more trouble , than it was worth . But the brush was also faulty . The ferrule was loose , and the paint on the handle was cracked -- so sad ! So I contacted the seller , and they kindly said they would refund my money . And that is where we are now . I 'm sure my money will be refunded , but the brush and shipping cost about $ 12 . I also bought a padded envelope to send the brush back in , and paid $ 1 something for the postage . I do n't do math unless I have to , but I figure I 'll get about $ 5 back from the $ 12 I spent . The moral of the story
 i do n't like it It 's nothing like the cream I previously bought.It 's like trying to sread wax on my face.I have used this product for 2 years
 I have purchased a variety of dead sea products from Amazon after first purchasing some from a mall . Most recently though , I tried this new product that appears to be a complement to the eye cream . It comes in the same packaging and I thought it would be similar except to be used over the entire face , not just eyes . When I opened it there was a foil sealer that I do n't recall seeing on other Premier Dead Sea products . The foil was n't thightly sealed so that was strange . Then the cream was very thick , smells waxy and there was only about half of the container full . All very suspicious . I only received it about a week ago so admittedly , I ca n't really say much about the quality of the product , but I really do n't think it legitimately Premier . Especially based on a previous review saying it 's light and relatively odor-free .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 The comb is cheaply made plastic , the kids think it 's cool because it tickles , but it does n't actually get the eggs out ! I found eggs , seperated just that small section of hair , and the comb past right over the eggs . My metal RID comb works far better even if it is far more time consuming . I ended up going to walmart and spending 22 on an electric one that is made to ZAP the eggs and kill on contact in addition to my manual set .
 This product is smelly and does n't work well either . There are better choices . Flexitol heel balm works great and does n't stink .
 I bought this for my dry cracked feet from reading reviews . I certainly wo n't be buying it again . It is extremely watery and smells like an odd mixture of medicinal licorice . Totally disappointed ... not sure how this is supposed to heal dry cracked heels when it is like applying stinky water to your feet . I have n't noticed any better results than from any other lotion ... and I later it on at bedtime and put on socks ... once it is gone , I will go back to any other lotion I many pick out at the store-anything has got to smell better !
 Noticing this product reminded me of similar products I recall being sold in the 1980 's . After receiving the item I was very disappointed because the product itself as well as the box the product arrived in appeared used . Scuff marks were on the black casing in numerous areas . The box itself appeared old and worn . In fairness I can not evaluate how well the product functioned because I absolutely will not use a personal product which appears to have been used . In fact , even though I was sent a replacement I promptly returned both items , unable to even want to open the box and examine the replacement unit .
 I purchased this at a local beauty supply and was told by the store employee 's that it works great . I told them I had been dying my hair black for 4 + years and they said it should work great on my hair and lighten it at least 3-4 shades . It did not work at all . I followed the directions to the T and was left with the same black color . My hair is not the slightest bit lighter , and I was left with rotten egg/sulfur scented hair after ten washes !!! May work on fresh dye jobs but I would n't know .
 I originally got this at 15 , when it was trendy , but now 9 years later , I laugh at how juvenile it is . The scent has a paralyzing citrus/seaweed quality -LRB- it 's too overwhelming , lacks nuance and basenotes -RRB- and the scent really does stick to whatever it touches . A high quality cologne develops over time , on your skin and once it has left the bottle , this clearly is n't high quality . There are many colognes that are far better for approximately the same price.The one nice thing about this item is the cool looking bottle , but what good will that really do you ?
 Note , the color is beautiful . But the description is deceptive . You are not getting ALL FIVE BOTTLEs . You are getting ONLY ONE ! And it 's not returnable !
 This did n't work for my daughter.She tried many times and had the same results every time.maybe it was just a bad bottle
 For a stain this only stays on for maybe an hour at best . To top it off the color is on the orange side . Not happy at all .
 When applied , the color was uneven and did n't last more than 3 hours . The product made my lips feel dry .
 this lip stain is most likely for cool toned people cause it was not flattering on my warm toned skin the color was not long lasting just a plain fail for me
 Great color and feels wonderful - but good luck trying to make it last on your lips for more than 20 minutes . I did love it as a cheek stain , but ... just did n't last .
 I have dry hair type and wanted to buy something to make it healthier . However , after using the product , my hair gets worse . I have purchased another Paul Mitchell conditioner which is much better than this and would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I tried this when I ran out of the product I usually used . I picked this one because Paul Mitchell is usually a good product and it said it was lite and did n't weigh your hair down . I 'm dragging my brush through my hair when I I 'm drying it and it takes forever to dry my hair . This is unusual because my hair is thin and usually dries very quickly . My hair does n't look natural when it is dry because it feels like I never rinsed the conditioner out . It 's heavy and if I run my fingers through my hair there is a terrible waxy residue left . I still use their Shampoo One on occasion which is a great product , but I would have to say I really was dissatisfied with the conditioner .
 I was introduced to this products when I went to get a facial . The gel gave me a horrible allergy of swelling on the face and neck and eyelids even though she said she put water on the cotton balls that she put on my eyelids . I thought that I am allergic to gels . Then I used the Credentials bisabolol nutrient mask three weeks later . I got itchy skin on my face and hours later another allergic reaction . This is my third time having this allergic episodes after using Credentials . The only one that have worked fine is the cleansing milk for sensitive sking . The other sensitive skin products gave me allergy . I found a bad review about the gel.Credentials New Skin Retexturizing Gel 2.5 fl oz .
 I thought this product would make my skin soft and moisturized . Boy was I wrong ! Dove soap is way better than this brand if you 're looking to have moisturized skin at the end of your shower . This soap left my skin extremely dry and itchy . I used it once and never used it again . I DO NOT RECOMMEND !
 I love this product . It is truly my go to lipgloss color . However , this particular tube leaks and gets everything in my purse all sticky . Yuck . I think the wand is loose or something . Somethings are better just picked up in store I suppose .
 This lipgloss is a nice color , but it smells and tastes absolutely HORRIBLE !!! And no , I do n't purposely ingest lipgloss , but any woman knows that if it 's on your lips , some of it is inevitably going to get in your mouth . Yuck . This is DEFINITELY not worth $ 24 . I will never buy this again . Save your money .
 This lipgloss tasted and smelled terrible ... like melted plastic . As much as I enjoy Nars products , I do n't recommend this gloss to anyone . Try MAC or Lancome or Revlon . This lipgloss was revolting .
 I bought this because I read that Nars made long lasting lip gloss but this product is just like any other lip gloss to me stays on for maybe one hour or so .
 This lipgloss was too pale , unflattering , and all nars lipglosses are way too sticky , make my lips peel , smell and taste bad . My go to lip glosses are revlon over the counter lipgloss .
 $ 24.00 for a lip gloss , that 's a pretty heavy duty price point for a lip gloss . I expect a LOT from gloss this expensive and high end.I ordered a tube of `` Orgasm '' and expected the perfect nude lip . Nope ! There just is n't anything about this gloss that impressed me . It was sticky . It was n't very opaque . There was so little color payoff ! I have had comparable -LRB- or dare I say , better ! -RRB- glosses for 1/5th the price . I ca n't believe I 'm about to type this , but L'Oreal makes a gloss a million times better than this at 1/4th the price ! Try NYX 's glosses at 1/6th the price -LRB- and I like them better than the L'Oreal -RRB- . Please do n't buy into the hype of the Orgasm gloss . You wo n't have an orgasm when you use it , you 'll be saying , `` That 's it . . ? ''
 I purchased this product based on other reviews . I have redness and dry flakes around my nostrils and the center of my chin under right under my lip . I may have just purchased this from the wrong seller , but I was not impressed at all . The lotion was so runny I could barely keep it on my hand before it would run through my fingers and apply it . What I was able to apply never had an impact either way on my problem areas . Even if I shook it vigorously it would still just pour out of the bottle . I did try requesting a return from herbspro , but that never amounted to anything . I missed their one and only call to me . I tried , in vain , to reach someone at the number they left on my voicemail , but no one ever answered and there was no option to leave a voicemail . I tried several different times throughout the day for about a week and was unsuccessful . Maybe others have had success with this product , but I would n't buy it or any other product from herbspro .
 Runny product . I should have listened to the other people who wrote the same reviews . The customer service can only tell me to shake the product ? It is almost like water as if they have diluted the sample . The product does not come with a seal which makes me even weary to use it . I have used other over the counter skin care so even if it is not sealed , it looks like no one has touch it because it is compacted and not runny . I suggest do n't buy .
 I have been searching for a new product for my very dry skin . I have eczema and I need a lot of moisture for my skin . This product just did n't cut it . I prefer Cetaphil Moisturizing Cream .
 I thought I was safe buying a well known brand like Guerlain.NOTThis perfume that I 'm now stuck with ; smells like a man 's aftershave thatwent out of style in the 40 ` sHORRIBLE smell ; never bought a perfume that I 've ever been this disgusted with.and the seller ? Took them TWO WEEKS to get it here ; never had UPS been this turtley either.HORRIBLE XPERIENCE ; WO N'T BE BACK
 After a Month of use and no change in size or frimness . Started to get alot of headaches . I felt that it was a waste of money .
 Even though it is the same wattage it does not seem to have any power . I am sure that it is every dryer
 This hairdryer worked as advertised for about 10 months.After that point , the fan stopped working and it got really hot and overheated in about a second.We 'll see how good the customer service is .
 Bad dryer , Does n't work as expected . Air heating is in appropriate , and it damages hair . Hair does n't remain smooth after using this dryer .
 After reading positive reviews , I orderd this hairdyer . I had a Braun hairdryer that worked like a charm for almost a decade which now needs replacement . I dont want an Ionic Hair Dryer since it leaves my thick hair flat.I was disappointed as soon as I took this out of the box , it 's heavier than the Braun I had -LRB- too bad they dont sell any hair dryers in the US anymore -RRB- and the shape was kind of long . When I turned it on , I found the dryer even in the lowest setting to be deafeningly loud and the air speed was n't very good . You have to put it on medium of high to even get the temperature to be very warm but the noise was unbearably loud for me.I 'm hoping I havea defective dryer and I 'm looking forward to trying the replacement Amazon agreed to send me .
 This is the second Revlon hair dryer I 've purchased in the last four years and both times it had the same problem -- overheating where the cord enters the handle . This one lasted a month . The previous one -- a forty dollar item -- lasted two months and almost caused a fire while I was using it . I do not recommend Revlon hair dryers and will not purchase one again . ----- Added on Oct 13 , 2011 : Well , once it started showing overheating problems that I recognized from previous Revlon dryer , I went ahead and ordered an Andis 1600 watt which is also a very low price but pretty strong hair dryer . My previous Andis worked for several years with no problem and I loved it before it conked out on me and I would have ordered another but it was out of stock at the time , so I ordered the Revlon instead . Sigh . So , one month later I am tossing the Revlon and fortunately the Andis is back in stock now and arrived two days before my Revlon popped loudly and frizzled and fried and died an ignominious death this evening . So I had a back up in place . Thank you Andis ! I will not be buying anything but Andis hair dryers from now on . The Revlon is not worth buying IMO .
 Maybe I got a bad one or something ... ? This dryer does not work for me . It 's light for its size , which is great . BUT , it takes a really long time to dry my hair and leaves it frizzy , unlike my parents ' cheap Conair . Plus , it 's very , very loud . I have to hold it further from my head so that it does n't hurt my ears . I bought this based on the good reviews , but I think there are better dryers in the same price range .
 product works fair on thin hair but on denser & curly hair takes an excessive time - would not reccomend for travel or heavy & thick hair . My last revlon was more compact-dried faster-easier for the children to use before school .
 The switch on this hairdryer was broken when I received the product . Revlon RV408 1875 watt full-size turbo dryer . I do not recommend it .
 This hair dryer takes forever because it 's only hot when it 's on high ... and it 's not even that hot then . If you have long hair forget it . Spend some extra $ and get a better dryer . I 'm using this for my guest bathroom and looking for another for myself .
 I bought this on June 20th . It worked well every day between when I receieved it a few days later until yesterday , October 9th . However , on October 10 , it simply stopped working . At all.It did not overheat and stop working , it just wo n't turn on . There are actually a series of instructions on the dryer itself about what to do if it stops working . First , clean out the lint . I did that , but there was barely any lint anyway because , as I mentioned , I 've been using this dryer for under 4 months . That did n't work . I also tried resetting it with the buttons . Nope . It just simply does n't work.Maybe I just have bad luck , that seems entirely possible . It seems like things only break for me when I 'm too broke to replace them . I certainly do n't want to have to run to Target tonight and buy another hair dryer when I JUST bought one less than four months ago ! Things also only ever break when I do n't have a lot of time.I 'm sad . Money down the proverbial drain .
 not recommend this one . it was broken when arrive . This one dries my hair in a really really slow way !!
 This product is really too large for the average woman 's hands . I found it very awkward to use because of the size , plus I did n't like the raised letters on the bar either . I bought 4 of these as gifts and returned 3 of them . I would have returned all 4 but the seller does not accept opened items -LRB- a little plastic bag , jeesh ! -RRB- , so now I have this huge stainless steel soap bar that is useless to me . I ended up ordering a smaller product -LRB- they call it Blomus here on Amazon -RRB- and like it far better . Both products work great insofar as removing onion and garlic smells from the hands in the kitchen . It would be fine for a man 's hands , but women should steer clear unless you have huge hands .
 Tried this product for three weeks with no noticeable difference . Shape is helpful and easy to hold . I 'll leave it in the kitchen for now and let others try it .
 I bought it and and I have n't noticed its effects perhaps placebo . Better to use shampoo to really get rid of foul odor on your hands it works better than a bar of soap .
 This got rid of kitchen smells . Unfortunately , it gave my hands a tinny taste/smell -LRB- the kind one gets just before passing out -RRB- . That smell makes this product just to unpleasant for me to use . I 'd rather smell like onions!Edited to add
 I had read many places that stainless steel bars could remove body odor the same way it eliminates garlic odor on your hands . I used this in the shower for about a week , and maybe I 'm crazy , but I think my underarm smell got worse . I have not tried it in the kitchen -LRB- as that might be kind of gross after using it in my armpits -RRB- , so I ca n't speak to its intended use . But if you want it for the shower , I do not recommend . The good news is this was the best price I found , so not a very risky experiment .
 I AM USING THIS TO HELP UNDER ARM ODOR ! I DO N'T REALLY NOTICE THAT IT 'S IMPROVING . ANYWAY , I WILL KEEP USING AS MAYBE IT TAKES SOME TIME TO WORK IT IN !!!!
 This is a stainless steel `` bar of soap '' that naturally removes the odors from your hands . If you do not have a stainless sink , this bar would be very helpful . If you have a stainless sink , you do not need this bar as you can simply rub your hands against the sink bottom and walls under cold running water and get the same results for free . Excellent gift for someone that has a ceramic or enamelled sink .
 I bought the rub away bar for underarm odor because others on the market say it works . It actually made it worse . Thank goodness I did n't pay a fortune for this . Oh well , I guess I 'll be taking it out of my shower and placing it in my kitchen so I can use it for garlic odors on my fingers ... time will tell ...
 I did not expect this would have been a light weight hollow product , somehow my expectation was a solid bar with some weight . Seems too flimsy to last for any period of time . It serves the purpose but I am hesitant to put into use as it just seems to be ` disposable '
 This is a Stainless Steel Bar designed to remove odors from your hands . Stubborn odors like garlic and onions may be stubborn and hard to remove , but rub your hands on this Bar and the odors will be gone.Does it work ? Yes.Do you need it ? No.Why ? Because rubbing your hands on anything stainless steel will accomplish the same thing and there should be plenty of stainless steel items you can get your hands on.No ? You do n't ? Then you prolly do have a need for this item !
 I ordered this item because I cook a lot with garlic and onions and have not found a good way to remove the smell from my hands . After getting this item , I still have not found a way to remove the odor completely . This bar does help reduce the odor but it does not take it away completely . I am disappointed as I expected it to remove not just lessen the smell . Not going to bother to return since it was so inexpensive but will not recommend .
 This does not work , maybe it would work if your were to smash yourself in the nose with it each time you cut onions , that way you wont be able to smell for a while .
 I have fine , wavy , color-treated hair . I have used Rusk products in the past , and they were a good product . This shampoo , however , weighed my hair down with a waxy build-up after a week of use . It also made my hair smell funny , like A&D ointment . Not sure what is in this shampoo or what i use on my hair that had a bad reaction with it , but I have a full bottle and I will be throwing it away .
 This shampoo was harsh on my fine hair when it was uncolored . I tried it again now that it is colored hoping -LRB- after buying this large bottle -RRB- that it would work better on colored hair . Left my hair looking and feeling like frizzled straw . Fortunately have a good shampoo now that is keeping my color safe and my hair looking glossy and soft.I gave this to my husband to use -LRB- truly does n't care what goes on his head as long as it cleans : > -RRB- -RRB- and he does n't like it either . His thick healthy hair looks bushy and unruly when done . Off to the trash it went .
 Especially given the price , this is by far the worst hair products I have used . My hair has looked and felt better on much cheaper brands . I usually do n't take the time to review products , but wanted to warn others to put their money elsewhere .
 I ordered this and expected to see some new growth , there was none even after using two bottles . I thought there might a little extra growth . Do n't waste your money on this product its too expensive and does n't do a thing for hair growth . Basically another ripoff .
 Shalimar has changed and not for the better . The company is no longer family owned and the big corporation seems to have cheapened the formula slowly .
 This product needs to be taken off the market . My 8 year old daughter wore it all day and woke up in pain that night due to a chemical burn on her arm because of the bug band she was wearing . I wish I could post a picture because it was horrible . Putting scar ointment on her now .
 My wife is one of those people who we like to bring with us because she attracts all of the mosquitos away . She used this , and it had a bit of a smell to it and did n't really do much for thick mosquitos . Have n't had a chance to use it yet in another setting , but thick mosquitos is where it counts .
 Does n't seem to work for me . I got bites within minutes whether it was windy or not . I am sticking with my OFF Familycare Smooth & Dry spray with 15 % deet . It works very well for me , and it was well reviewed by Consumer Reports magazine .
 Product arrived on time . But , I was disappointed when I put it on my ankle one evening to work on my lawn . It did not repel any mosquito . I saw a few mosquito landed on my foot trying to bite me . Better use `` off '' as it works .
 I am very sad to say this does not work . I was in desperate hopes of finding something natural for my toddler without having to spray her down . I put one on her right wrist and one on her left ankle . You could do dot-to-dot patterns on her there were so many mosquito bites she received with the bands on .
 Does not work on aphids . Or the lower coacatostial stratum of blood sucking insects . Ineffective against Insect egg larvae as well -LRB- in hair -RRB- .
 Was overall pretty disappointed with this product . It does n't fit well ... or stay on well for that matter . As for it repelling bugs I saw no difference when wearing this band than when I wear no bug repellant .
 I have tried my bugband yesterday . I have put it around my ankle before going to my back yard . I want to report that although mosquitoes did not get my legs , I was bitten in my back and my arm . I suppose if one were to put a band on each limb and a waist it might work but it certainly does not do what the manufacturer promised . It even says on the packaging that it repels all kind of insects if it 's attached to a backpack . I am afraid it 's back to the spray for me .
 I was very disappointed with the bug bands . They did not work at all . In fact I got a mosquito bite right where the band was !! I would not recommend these at all !!!
 We used this product camping , and my girlfriend got a dark red `` burn '' on her wrist from the band . It looks like she slept on it -LRB- she did n't wear it to bed -RRB- , as it appears deep red and has a clear outline of the band on her wrist . Stay away from this product . A review above mentioned the same thing and that it has n't gone away for five months . -LRB- My girlfriend 's mark has been there for over a week . -RRB-
 We wore these on a camping trip and they were totally useless as far as we could see . The mosquitoes were pretty intense -- maybe with fewer mosquitoes , they might be more effective , but they did not work for us .
 It was good for the area around the arm only , where I had it wrapped . For someone who suffers from average mosquito bites , I need something more protective .
 Like the Bite Shield , one needs to have multiple more of these on each arm , leg , feet , in order to avoid biting insects . I have strong allergies against any type of insect bites , and this bracelet was far from being sufficient help . Maybe a small nuisance to those probably very tired flying or crawling insects but not for the ones with their usual intent to bite a human being anywhere they find an opening from a fabric .
 Someone dropped my hairdryer in the toilet and it was broken so I had to get a new one fast ... I picked this one up on sale at Target . I have been using it for the past year , and I absolutely hate it . It is SO loud that I ca n't even finish drying my hair because I 'm afraid for my hearing ... the low setting is ok , but it does n't dry my hair at all . I end up finishing drying my hair with my flat iron.Hot is too hot and fries my bleached hair , but medium takes FOREVER , which is really obnoxious due to the noise . I hate the switches , they 're hard to use and I do n't know who would ever decide to put switches like this on a hair dryer . The control of the ions seems to make no difference , and the difference between the non ion and ion dryer is n't as much as my old ion dryer . Also , the cord is too short . My boyfriend -LRB- who has really long hair -RRB- hates this dryer also , he uses it on hot and it causes all kinds of frizz and takes forever to dry his hair ... and he never finishes drying it either because he starts sweating too much . Get this one , it 's worth the extra money!Remington D-2009 T Studio Collection Tourmaline Ceramic Hair Dryer
 i previously had a vidal sassoon dryer and loved it . when i decided to upgrade , i chose this dryer . bad idea . it 's a decent dryer , but my hair is thick and long and the dryer was n't powerful enough . i also noticed that the hot setting was hot enough to burn my scalp , but the warm setting was n't intense enough to dry . i 'm returning this product . it 's not worth the money .
 Mine just stopped working . I tried everything to get it back , but it just stays quiet . Odd in light of others talking about how noisy it is !
 I had this 1.5 yrs then it died . Next I bought the Vidal Sassoon Answers for fine hair less than a year it shot bright white light out of it and is threatening to start a fire . Answers model did a better job smoothing and shine while it lasted than this model . I had both set to the right ions for fine but not extra fine hair.Your hair dryers do not last . Never again . Burned me twice , and the second time was almost an electrical fire burn not a figure of speech anymore .
 Have had this dryer for about 2 years , leave it plugged in . Every few weeks , it makes a loud vibrating electrical sound , very scary . I shut it off , reset it and it still works . Is there a recall on this model ? Read online that many others have same problem . No flames or sparks with the thing as other have had , but plan to replace it pronto . Went off again this morning and woke me up ! See other site for more on this electrical issue ... Be careful ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I wanted to try one of the ionic hairdryers , but since I have fine hair I was hesitant about how it would affect my hair . Having the option to select ionic or not seemed to be a good choice . The hairdyrer itself was fairly lightweight and balanced . I did like the ionic drying - it seemed to make my hair much softer . I did not like the on/off and heat selector buttons ... they seemed to get in the way and be much harder to use than the sliding tabs some other dryers have . I would have gotten used to them though , if the dryer had not overheated and quit on my 3rd use . Nothing I did would get it to work again ; every time I turned it on it overheated within 5 seconds and quit . So I sent it back and am waiting for one from a different manufacturer .
 Purchased this item for daughter 4 months ago , in the hopes of avoiding hair damage from separate drying and straightening processes . Unfortunately , the product never lived up to its claims . She never got a truly smooth straightening starting with damp or dry hair . In fact , when used as directed on damp hair , the coating started peeling off the plates , and sizzled some of her hair . She now uses a Revlon Ceramic straightener that produces a beautifully sleek result for far less money . My advice is to stay away from this one .
 This thing is a piece of junk ... when I first got it , the screw holding the handle together stripped its thread , meaning it would fold up unless I supported it . Just today , after 2-3 years of service , it stopped , emitted a blue spark , and died . I think I only paid $ 20 for it , but you 're better off spending a bit more for something that will last .
 This thing is a piece of junk ... when I first got it , the screw holding the handle together stripped its thread , meaning it would fold up unless I supported it . Just today , after 2-3 years of service , it stopped , emitted a blue spark , and died . I think I only paid $ 20 for it , but you 're better off spending a bit more for something that will last .
 This is n't a bad dryer when it comes to convenience and travelling . However , the folding handle did eventually break and I had to modify it to hold it together . I have n't noticed any benefit from the ion control , mine and my wife 's hair get 's easily frizzled with this dryer , plus it takes a long time to dry in comparison to what others have claimed . The switch is definitely very difficult to use , there 's no way a person can use it with one hand . If you tried , you 'd end up dropping the thing . The fact that the off position is between the two speed settings is n't very good either because you push so hard to move the switch you simply move from high to low instead of to the off position . Personally , I ca n't wait to find her a better one so I can tear this one apart for more interesting things . On the upside , after fixing the handle , it has worked without any real problems for 6 months .
 The off-on switch on this product is very difficlut to use . I am not able to turn off or on with one hand and find it very difficult to turn on with two hands .
 Upon second use this dryer seemingly overheated after 30-45 seconds of use and shut off . After I switched it to off and back on , the heating element inside turned orange , then red-hot bright orange and the unit began to smoke . I am not kidding . I shut it off and unplugged it immediately , returning it to the store that day . Maybe I just got the bad apple , but if one of my kids had been using it they might not have turned it off in time and I hate to think of what might have happened . It 's enough to make me consider another brand/manufacturer .
 When I first received this dryer , I thought it was the greatest one I had ever tried . It was amazingly effective and conveniently sized . However , after only two weeks of daily use it now only blows cold air . Since I have long , thick hair , a dryer that does not blow hot air is completely ineffective and useless . I am amazed at how quickly this dryer wore out on me and am disappointed . I would not recommend this dryer for anyone , unless you like to style with cool air .
 I have had this dryer for over 3 years and have hated it for a majority of the time . The switch has to be one of my greatest pet peeves . It seems fine until you go to turn it off . I often have to use 2 hands because there is not grip and the switch is too small , couple that with any hair product you have on your hands and it can take a good min to get it off . The off is in the middle so you will go from low to high and back and forth before you get it off.The cord is weird for a travel dryer . The dryer folds , but where do you put the cord . I wind it around the dryer but then it tangles and the next time you use it you are detangling a cord . Not fun!The cool shot does n't work and makes the dryer 's speed reduce.This dryer also fluctuates between speeds . It will go fast for about 2 min and then it slows down for a min and then fast again . It cycles through this through the whole drying process . I have tried it on different outlet and in multiple locations.My hair is short but with this dryer it takes 20 min to dry . That is a long time and probably due to the speed problem above . My hair is always frizzy when I get done too and I have straight hair and did n't have this problem with other dryers.This is a bad dryer/travel dryer in general .
 I love to rave about good products ... this is not one of them.Regardless of those defending the rocker switch , it is pathetic . It is unnecessarily difficult to operate.The quality of this hair dryer is poor . It will most likely break in the first year of use . I was surprised of this in that Vidal Sassoon products are typically good , in my experience.I purchased this hair dryer last Christmas as a gift for my wife , and had to purchase a new one again -LRB- different model -RRB- this year .
 not so shimmering as said tobe . there 're products much more perfector than this one.Sorry but ther 's no shimmer and it 's worst when mixed with an other foundation .
 I wanted to shimmer not look oily . I tried using less and that did not work . It does give you a nice sparkle but I would not recommend it . If you wear mineral foundation , it will not mix well .
 It is a little too brown for black eyebrows and looks funny in daylight . I wont buy again . Try again too faced .
 Read above , as this product is not even worthy of having the name `` Goat milk Soap . ''
 Although this soap does appear to get rave reviews , I have a problem with the fact that it is not ALL vegetable based -LRB- has Tallow -RRB- and it contains preservatives -LRB- DMDM Hydantoin-which releases formaldehyde into the product !!! , Tetrasodium Etidronate -RRB- . Luckily , through my searching I have found WendyLou 's Natural Milk Baths and Soaps . They are homemade , with the glycerin still retained and are all natural based with either essential oils or fragrance added . I have very dry skin and her soaps feel so moisturizing and have a great lather , plus its nice to know I am using something without any chemicals .
 I have yet to receive the foaming milk bath . The product in the container was actually lotion even though the label on the wrapping indicated it was milk bath . Twice I have had to return it and I still have not been credited with the return . I 'm not real happy with this particular order .
 No long lasting ... worthless ... instead of this choose something else ... it 's not recharging tooBurberry I strongly do n't refer to anyone ... I used a degree sport it 's really worthy ...
 Smelled this perfume as a sample in a magazine and liked it . Unfortunately , when I bought it and tried it on -LRB- in addition to the sample from the mag -RRB- , I began to smell like an old woman . Too bad I ca n't return it !
 I have used this perfume before and that was the reason I ordered it . This one is a complete fake , it does not even last for 60 minutes . Will not buy perfumes from Amazon .
 I did n't read other 's reviews before I ordered this product and I should have , the stuff I got I do not believe is real it does not smell the same as my other Burberry Brit , I 'm not happy I wasted my money on this ! Amazon should really stop selling fake stuff unless they want to be straight with consumers and tell them they are not getting the real deal ... should have known for the price I guess : -LRB-
 Product was smaller than the size indicated by Tuccini , and when I registered a complaint , the Tuccini customer service representative inappropriately requested that I remove my negative review from Amazon , rather than addressing the issue at hand .
 I bought this as a gift for my wife . She has always used this perfume and I thought this would be a nice gift at a little better price than perfumania or other retailers like Macys.But , the bottle to begin with looks fake . Cap doe n't fit nicely as compared to our previous purchases for the same item from other retailers . The price was not much lower , but the product seems to be inferior . Also , the perfume smell would n't last even couple hours which tells me that Amazon receives a different shipment from Manufacturers which is not the same as what Macys or any other retailers would receive for Fragrances.I would never buy perfumes from Amazon in future . Spend a little extra money to get the full worth of your hard earned $ $ .
 This seller delivered a fake perfume to me , some people may not realize that perfumes are fake but I could tell the minute I opened the packaging . The perfume bottle and the perfume were definitely fraudulant which is very upsetting since this was supposed to be a christmas present . sellers who promote false advertising and believe they will be getting a `` one up '' on their customers deserve not to profit from deceptive business practices . Please do not buy into this scam .
 I thought I was getting a good deal . The fragrance does n't even last an hour !!! Beware . GO ahead and get your perfume from the department stores . THe fine print on this is that you ca n't return it !!!
 not sure what is in the bottle but there is a smell that last 30 minutes only and not the perfume , I have bought before and it is great bought from Macys.Did not keep packaging as was excited and now stuck with it and out 46.03
 I ordedred this perfume Burberry Brit By Burberry For Women . Eau De Parfum Spray 3.3 OuncesBut to my surprize whenever my wife would use this perume its fragrance will just vanish in two hours . This is the worst Burberry perfume I ever got.I think its always better to spend some extra amount on Genuine perfumes at shopping malls rather then buying FAKE/DUPLICATE perfumes from vendors at Amazon.com . Its is total waste of your money .
 I have owned Burberry Brit before and was excited to get it for such a low price on amazon . It got to my house a few days ago . I opened it up-cheap packaging . As soon as i sprayed it i knew it was fake . SO MAD I SPENT $ 40 !!! PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS !
 When i purchsed this cologne in here had a high expectation for it , i smell it before in macys and loved it but the price was a bit out of my buget so i decided to give a shout and buy it from here and save 40 % of the price ask macys . Big mistake !!! the scent is definilly weaker and not last more than 1 hour
 Do n't buy this product ! You wo n't be able to return it because it 's considered `` hazardous '' by Amazon , and I do n't think they mean the smell!I bought this perfume as a gift for my daughter , who loves Burberry Brit , but when she opened the box and sprayed some on her wrist , she knew immediately that this is not the same fragrance she has used for years.The product is not returnable to Amazon , so I have now spent over $ 41 for a musky stenchBurberry Brit By Burberry For Women . Eau De Parfum Spray 3.3 Ouncesperfume she wo n't ever use . This is the last time I 'll buy a fragrance from Amazon , that 's for sure !
 I ALWAYS buy Burberry Brit , however this is the first time I bought it on Amazon . I was so excited because it was so much cheaper on Amazon than it is anywhere else ... well there 's a reason ... the perfume I received did NOT smell like Burberry Brit at all and I 'm pretty sure it was tampered with because it does n't smell like any perfume I 've ever used . Very disappointed .
 The title says its Burberry for Women -- but my wife handed back to me Christmas morning with a smirk - Thanks Amazon ... J
 Unfortunately I did not read the one-star reviews because I already knew I loved Burberry Brit and I figured why do I need to read about how people do n't like the scent . But if I had read the reviews I would have found out that the perfume is not legit . It may be an old bottle of Burberry , but either way the scent does n't last long at all and it does n't smell right to begin with . And as I have been reading after the fact , returning is not possible , even though it does n't say that anywhere on the ad.So do n't buy this product . Honestly , do n't by perfume online unless it 's directly from Macy 's , Sephora etc. . Just pay the big bucks for it .
 The price is too good to be true for a reason ! The packaging is all wrong , and most importantly the perfume is n't burberry brit either . It 's the perfect scam , too , because the product is not returnable . AMAZON.COM PLEASE BAN THIS VENDOR !
 There are reviews that warn this is a counterfeit product , but I trusted Amazon . This was a true counterfeit of Burberry Brit Eau de Parfum . The inside packaging included the bottle being wrapped with a picture of a girl , which is n't normal . The spout smells like body odor , and the scent does n't seem to last more than a few minutes . BIG MISTAKE that I did n't see the note underneath the picture on Amazon 's page that this ca n't be returned because it 's hazardous material . They have no problem mailing fragrance to customers , but ca n't receive it in return ? Can I sue Amazon for selling a counterfeit product in which they refuse returns ? Time and money lost . Previously , I bought Burberry on eBay and it was counterfeit , but at least the seller issued a refund after I contacted eBay . Expensive perfume is expensive for a reason ! -LSB- UPDATE
 I received a fake Burberry Brit Eau De Parfum -LRB- 3.3 oz -RRB- from Amazon LLC . How do I know it was fake ? I went to a brick and mortar store that sells Burberry Brit , and they showed me all the details that were different between the authentic perfume and the one that I purchased . Not only was the perfume packaging fake , but the bottle was also fake , and the scent was similar to men 's cologne . So be careful , it might be safer to buy the perfume elsewhere , even if it costs more . And when you do receive your order , do n't hesitate to take it into a store to compare it with an authentic one .
 I was so excited ordering my first fragrance online , thought the price was great and had smell this scent many times in stores so I decided to buy it . I got it 2 days later and since I opened it I noticed it was weirdly wrapped , like re-sealed and the front tag was falling apart . The bottle design looks weird and I could confirm my suspicions when I sprayed it and the smell lasted less than 20 minutes . After that , it is completely gone . I tried to send it back but you can not since it is considered `` hazardous material '' . So dissapointed I spent that money , I will never buy fragrances online anymore , maybe it was bad luck . I never had a problem with Amazon with any other products I must say .
 I purchased this product assuming that the title was accurate and that it was in fact eau de parfum . However , upon receipt it was toilette spray -- there is quite a difference between the two . Do n't be deceived by the description , you are not getting the real thing .
 Product is not the one pictured . I received the wrong item when I wanted the one in the picture . Plus no returns .
 The comb itself is fine -LRB- it 's a comb , after all -RRB- . However , I bought one of these and a ClipperMate 5 inch comb -- and they 're noticeably different sizes . When measured , this is about 4.5 inches . It 's more noticeable than you think once you hold it in your hand -LRB- especially since you have half coarse/half fine it makes it even more apparent -RRB- . Also , the product I received is not the same as in the picture -- it actually slopes down on the fine teeth side , shortening the available teeth.As another side note , the ClipperMater feels much heftier and less prone to breaking than does this cheap thing . This is my first review and never thought I 'd be disappointed with a friggin ' comb . I did n't think it would be that hard to replace the current coarse/fine teeth comb I have -LRB- which is obviously a ClipperMate -RRB- , based on pictures given and measurement of the one I already have -- I guess they do n't make my old comb anymore .
 this product is not a lotion at all . it is an aftershave splash - very watery . halston used to make a true lotion which is what I was looking for . as I recall now it was called a soother . this is not that product and the name is misleading . a lotion to me is smooth and conditioning .
 I have been wearing Halson since 1988 ! This is actually Halston Vaporisateur that smells completely different than original Halston Cologne for women . The description from Amazon was Halston Cologne for women , but should have said Halston Vaporisateur Cologne for women . The scent is completely different than the Halston Cologne . Not only is this NOT the cologne I thought I was ordering , but Amazon does NOT accept returns on perfumes or colognes so DO NOT purchase these items from Amazon ! If they ca n't give an accurate description of the product , then they should lose the business . I 'm extremely upset !
 I really wanted this for a gift , and I ordered 2 times a month apart , both times they did n't have the stock and could n't make the shipping on time . I end up buying another brand .
 the item arrived in condiion that I was unable to give as a give . I am not pleased .
 It is sad to have to rate such a fantastic product so low . Packing and shipping are so bad that product is leaking out and box falling apart when it arrives . Please be aware of this problem . If you can find product in a store somewhere , purchase by all means . It is truly a wonderful moisturizing body wash . The best I have found ! Ordered twice . Both shipments so damaged by leakage they were undeliverable .
 When I got my orders , the contents spill all over the box . The products are great but the packaging is horrible . One of my orders , liquid hand soap , only half content remained in the bottle . Very disappointed !
 I have ordered this perfume for my wife who already had some and loved it . What I received was a bottle of watered down alcohol -- colored yellow in a Faubourg 24 container -- and when I tried to return it -- it was listed as a hazardous material and not returnable -- shame on Amazon -- they need to do some quality control on thewi LLC partners -- a $ 92 error in this economy HURTS !!!!!!!!
 I was SUPER excited to get this in the mail , and then I actually tried it on . BLEH I smelled like my mother in law . Which is fine if you are over 50 but it made me feel really old . The upside is it has quite a strong staying power . I had to take a bath and scrub up with soap to get the smell off . I wanted it to be elegant and but it was just gross .
 I 'm glad I bought the tiny bottle of this because I would n't purchase it again . For one thing , the little stopper is so difficult to get out that I ended up spilling a little of it.As for the fragrance , I 've had better . It 's one of those perfumes that smells different on everyone and on me it did n't seem to last long .
 This gives a nice tan/bronze color for the day that you wear it . The next day when you wash-it 's gone . I would n't spend my money on this .
 If you like the Snookie fake 'n bake look , than this product is great for you ! I felt that this product did n't last as long as other on your skin , smelled of that funky `` tan in a tube '' smell , and made this white girl look like she rolled in mud . If you are already tan , and want that extra super-duper fake look , than this will work great .
 I received this product . It looks the same as what I had purchased in a parfumerie about a year ago . Same bottle , same printing , same box . However , I am suspicious that it is not the same . The scent is slightly different , less intense . I would assume that Hermes has quality control , especially as something as sensitive as a cologne . Other than passing it through a gas-liquid chromatograph -LRB- which I do n't happen to have -RRB- I am unable to effectively determine authenticity .
 I saw this in an infomercial about 2 years ago , and I was really excited . I ordered it right away . When I used this product , I got lots of pimples . It was disgusting ! I tried to give this product a benefit of the doubt , and I continued using it for a month . My skin got worse ! I was really disappointed . Everybody 's skin is different , and I just wish it worked for me as it did for everyone else .
 the delivery is awful !! such a shame to ship to NJ from NY for 2 weeks !!! awful !! but the product is great as always ID . .
 I did not like ANY products from this line of makeup . This went on in a big blob . Did not look natural . I tried several different application methods , several different brushes , sponges , etc. . Would never spend this kind of money for this line again .
 I brought this a while back when I got it i open the box it was spilled and everything i was like oh my damn I will just go too the beauty supply store from now on when it come too Oil 's and things very disappointed
 I bought this pink Chi to feel as if I was doing something for breast cancer awareness , but as they say `` No good deed goes unpunished . `` This Chi LITERALLY melted in my hands within the first 5 minutes of use -LRB- the glue melted and the gold plates just fell off -RRB- and it burnt 2 strands of my hair that eventually had to be cut out .
 I bought a Chi for my daughter for Christmas . I just stopped working after 3 months . When I called Chi they said there was nothing they could to because there was only a 90-day warrantee . I bought a True Ceramic Pro about 7 years ago and have not a single problem with it . I wish I had bought the TCP for my daughter . If I knew someone who was going to buy the Chi , I would try to talk her out of it .
 I got a little sample tube of this with their shampoo/conditioner -LRB- which I love ! -RRB- . Gave it a try and had to wash it out . I only used a pea sized drop -LRB- I have a chin length bob -RRB- and it made my hair greasy . I think this product is just too heavy for my fine , straight hair . Think my niece , who has thick , curly hair , will enjoy it , though !
 I had high hopes for this because so many reviewers love it . My hair is wavy/curly 2B - 2C , depending on the cut and the styling products . I have a lot of hair , but the texture is fine . This product probably would work with coarse hair , but it made my curls CRUNCHY and I hate that . I 'm a licensed hairdresser , so I found the Deva line in a `` professionals only '' store . I bought the Deva Curl Cream , which I love . Bottom line , do not buy if you have fine , curly hair and you hate CRUNCH ... --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Did n't like this as much as I thought I would , it is very much a thickening cream and that is the last thing my already dense , pouffy hair needs .
 I bought this on the strength of other reviews without reading the ingredient list . This is virtually all silicone , which is both greasy and heavy like motor oil , so of course it smooths the hair and makes it shiny . It also makes it so greasy that you can feel the grease on your forehead and ears and can not put sunglasses up on top of your head . I have curly hair and this is just awful for it . Also be aware that silicone , if used daily without anything actually moisturizing between , will dry your hair out terribly and leave it in worse shape . So then you wo n't be able to wear your hair without a product like this . By the way , there are much cheaper silicone-based glossing products sold at Walmart that do exactly the same thing for less than a tenth of the price .
 I received the product today . I was happy that it was fast but when I oppened the package , the Bvlgari box was in a bad shape , durty , looks like somebody else was using the product . I bought as new and I was very disappointed . Dispate the perfume be wonderful , the presentation was bad .
 The scent in this eau de parfum spray is so faint and evaporates to nothing in record time . I would NEVER buy this fragrance again .
 Will never order this product again . Ordered this item on Aug 2 , it is now Sep 3 , still have not received the item . Asked for credit and has STILL NOT HAPPENED . Was to be shipped by Tuccini , will NEVER order any of their products again !!!!! Was supposed to be a gift.Tuccini should have been in contact with me , but I had to pursue them . VERY BAD customer service .
 I am disappointed with this product . I first saw this perfume at Costco wholesale and decided to give it a try . I liked it so much . Only one puff lasted for 3 days . I bought the 1.7 size at $ 46.99 from Costco , so I thought this is really a good deal , double the amount for only $ 10 more . But this one was a complete disappointment , its aroma did n't last for two hours , and it did n't feel right . I will never buy perfume online anymore.As for the shipment details , I 'm always satisfied with amazon . All products I order arrive on time and in good shape . This product arrived in the estimated arrival day , and was packaged in a very good way .
 I have used this product for many years but never purchased it from 3rd party vendors . I recently received this and had burning sensation on my neck area where I sprayed . It irritated my nose as well . I requested a refund and was told they tested it and found nothing wrong . Well , each person 's body type is different and if a fragrance is old , the chemicals do change.Still waiting for my credit.I then decided to visit Hermes , and purchase their Hemes Hiris for Women . . NO REACTION BTW ~ I do like Amazon , but can not say when you purchase something from another vendor you will receive the same courtesy .
 this one was too short and I could barely see it on my eyes . I 'm not a big fan . the ware is okay
 I also got a bubbly surface , and it does take upwards of 4 hours to harden enough to put shoes on . The bubbly surface is definitely from the top coat , I still have the older version when the base and top coat were sold separately , which is also a problem . The base coat serves a completely different purpose than the top coat . Why combine them ?
 takes forever to dry ... the best one for sally.H is `` Dries instantly '' the 30 seconds Dries is more than perfect ... this one is a waste of money ... Mira
 It 's shiny , yeah , but it 's like clear coat for a car and probably takes as long to dry -LRB- 24hours ? -RRB- . I finished my pedicure and manicure literally four hours ago and my toe nails are getting imprints in them from fabric , etc. . I just bought this bottle , it 's brand new , so I know that it 's not because it 's old . I also know that it should n't take four hours for my nails to dry ! Also , it seems to have encouraged bubbles in the nail polish on my finger nails , which usually happens when layers of polish accumulate without enough time to dry . I always let them air out a few minutes between coats , and this usually does n't happen , so again the blame goes to the top coat . Save your money !
 I used this as a basecoat as advertised and it takes forever to dry . I used it as a base coat and the polish did n't go on well on top and I ended up having to redo the manicure afterwards . It had come out all bumpy . Yuck . I was using good polish over it -LRB- OPI -RRB- so it definitely was the base coat . I redid my mani and then used this product as a top coat . Well , my manicure has a scratch on it and several of the nails look dull not shiny because it takes forever to dry . It 's definitely this product - again , I have OPI polish on . I will definitely NOT be using this product again . After doing 2 manis in one day , my nails are still not presentable .
 I do n't write many reviews , but I 'm so disgusted with this product that I had to warn potential buyers away . As a base coat , this polish takes forever to dry , which means that if you do n't wait at least an hour -LRB- yes , I 'm serious -RRB- before starting with your colored polish , you 'll get draggy smear marks . And as a top coat , this polish is EVEN LESS EFFECTIVE . Not only does it stretch the drying time from the standard maybe 15-20 minutes to over an hour or two , it also dries bubbly . It seriously looks like my nails are covered in tiny little warts or bumps . And it 's not the nail polish underneath either , because I have tried it with three different colors , all different brands as well . The worst part is that when it 's dry , it 's not even that hard . It squishes when I press another nail into it , meaning that I 've sacrificed the shiny smoothness of my manicure without even getting the promised hard protective shell.Not only is this product a waste of money , it 'll ruin any manicure you use it on . Please , do n't buy it !
 Years ago I used to use this product to extend the life of my salon manicures and it worked amazingly . I have n't used it in years and when I recently purchased a new bottle , it RUINED my manicure . I put it on my nails about a week after they were done using OPI and it caused the polish on my nails to wrinkle , forcing me to take it off immediately .
 Unless you 're going for that bubbling look , this is not the nailpolish to purchase . I made the mistake of going in and getting this as a blind purchase -LRB- no research beforehand -RRB- . My thought was , `` Hey , it 's a two-in-one and only 7 bucks . Why not ?! '' Well ... This is why not
 I also do not write many reviews , but this product is so crappy I wanted to inform others not to waste their money . This product stays wet forever - it never hardens up , even if I knick my nails against something hours later I have ruined/smudged my polish underneath . Even worse is the fact that little bubbles form underneath and look awful !! One of the worst products ever . Do not buy .
 I should have read the reviews first . I used this product as a top coat . It never really fully dried , and it seemed to almost emusify the polish underneath . On top of that , it gets tiny , wart-like bubbles . I re-did the whole process , thinking I 'd done something wrong . I used good polish and a good base coat and made sure each layer was dry . Again , the same thing happened when I applied this as a top coat
 I have used this product several times , and despite taking care about drying the layers of polish , when used as a topcoat this thing creates bubbles . It 's terrible and disappointing . Use anything else !
 This Amazon shipped product is a fake . I compared it with the same item bought in Singapore . I used the Amazon product for a month and it did not produce result . I will return this item in the mail.Hung Nguyen
 Since i paid so much money , i feel i can give you 1 star now and add up stars as effects are seen later.Initial opinion
 When I first got this brush , I thought it was the best thing in the world . How did I live for so many years without this brush ? I 've always had long hair -LRB- waist length , + / - 3 inches -RRB- and this brush was perfect . It felt comfortable in my hand and great on my scalp . It made my hair even shinier . I loved it !! Fast forward about a year of regular use and I noticed that the brush was starting to scratch my scalp ! At close inspection , I noticed that the little bubbles at the ends of the nylon bristles were gone from a significant portion of the brush . The brush continued to disintegrate this way , and now , still less than 24 months of use , and I 've already started to look around for a replacement brush , as this one becomes more uncomfortable everyday and is not only scratching at my scalp , but also starting to pull at my hair . I 'm very disappointed.Needless to say , my replacement brush will not be another Frederik Fekkai . Over the years , I 've had $ 10 - $ 15 brushes last longer than this $ 100 brush . I did love the boars hair/nylon combination and it would be the perfect brush , if I was willing to buy a new one every year.At this price , I 'm looking for something that can stand the test of time -- Mason Pearson ? My fingers are crossed .
 This lotion ca n't be rubbed in and never soaks in . It left me looking like I 'd just risen from the dead . The Neutrogena UVA/UVB Sunblock 45 disappears and works though it 's a little greasy for a while . I 'd rather be shiny than chalk white .
 This is a terrible product . It says it 's for sensitive skin but both I and my son developed rashes after a few uses . My son has never had a rash from any other sunscreen . -LRB- This was a new bottle purchased only a month or so earlier - not old sunscreen . -RRB- I would not recommend using it if you have sensitive skin or any chemical allergies .
 I have used other Neutrogena sunscreens , but did not like this sunscreen at all . I originally bought this because it had titanium dioxide , which is one of the top ingredients I heard that blocks the skin cancer causing UVA rays . I regretted the purchase . I found that it was hard to rub into my skin , no matter how hard I rubbed . I have light to medium skin tone and it would make my skin look pasty white . If I perspired or got water on it where I put the sunscreen on , the sunscreen would start to come off and make my skin look even whiter . On a side note , this sunscreen contains three different parabens which has some controversy about it being a carcinogenic .
 This is useless sunscreen.I had used it in the past with no problem , but I do n't know if Neutrogena changed their formula or what , but this stuff does n't stay on and wo n't absorb into the skin.The lotion would come right off at the first hint of any sweat . . It did n't matter if we were hiking , laying out by the pool , swimming , or walking around town , this stuff came right off , every time , leaving us burned and with white streaks all over our face.So , unless you 're planning on staying indoors , do n't bother with this stuff , it wo n't stay on
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 Unfortunately , I purchased this product for the temperature gauge . It does n't work at all . In warm bathwater , it lists the temperature as 115 degrees F and in cold water , 103 degrees F - not terribly useful . Perhaps the alarm feature is useful - I have not tested that feature . I wish I had kept the packaging so that I could return it ...
 the tip snags hair and it doesnt hold color well . my least favorite brush ever
 I used this product for two years , and during that time each time I bumped my legs at all , my skin tore . I have ugly scars up the front of both legs . I did n't connect the problem with Oil of Olay Moisturinse , but after I discontinued using it the problem went away . Almost 2 years later I started swimming and used it again to minimize the effects of the chlorine ... and my skin started tearing again . I have n't had the problem since I quit using the lotion . I feel bad about it , because I really liked the product . I do n't know if this has happened to anyone else , but for my skin it definitely is a dangerous product .
 You 've probably seen the commercials for the Olay in shower body lotion . The claim is that it `` works like a conditioner '' to give you softer , smoother skin . I was a little apprehensive about using another Olay product after a negative experience with Olay Quench . I put my concerns aside and gave it a try.The directions say
 My 3.5 yr old is a chronic thumb sucker . Orthodontist recommended based on results from other patients . My son said it tasted yucky and would n't suck his thumb for an hour or so but then he just did n't seem to care after that . But he 's stubborn . Seems to work for a lot of other people and I 'm thinking about trying with my older son to stop nail biting .
 This product is very harmful ! As a parent I am very ashamed that I resulted in using this product for my child . It made her very sick . Please read the label before purchasing , it should be banned from shelves .
 they sent me the wrong product ! I wanted the mavala stop and instead I got some nail strengthening polish . I could n't send it back because it looked so similar so I threw away the packaging . It was only after I used it that I noticed it was different .
 I got excited at first with Mavala Stop because my 4 year old hated the taste and would n't put his thumb in his mouth for two days . But , his overwhelming desire to suck his thumb overruled the unpleasant taste and even though I put Mavala stop on his thumb every day he continues to suck it . Now what ?
 I used Mavala on my 3 year old son 's thumb in my attempt to stop him from sucking his thumb and it did not work . He did not like the taste but he did not care ... he just kept sucking his thumb . When I asked him if it tasted bad , he said yeah , but obviously not enough for him to stop putting his thumb in his mouth .
 I tried this on the advise of one of those youtube so called gurus ! This broke my hair off and within days after applying as directed I still had greys . It is nothing but cloride and you smell it from the moment you open it up .
 First of all , this is a good sunscreen . It contains avobenzone , which provides broad-spectrum protection -LRB- UVB and UVA rays -RRB- . It does n't have a strong scent , and it contains silica , which allows the sunscreen to dry to a relatively matte finish . I will say that this does run into the eyes if you go for a swim in the water , but regular perspiration from activities like jogging did n't cause that dreaded eye-sting for me ! But my husband -LRB- who sweats quite a bit -RRB- did complain it got in his eyes , so use with caution around the eyes.All I 've said is based on previous use of the product . BUYER BEWARE
 This product was highly recommended by my beauty supply store . It is expensive and I went tried 3 different shades but none of them worked . Ended up going back to the drugstore for my old stand by Feria color and it worked fine It also made my scalp sore and itchy ...
 I used to wear this perfume when I was in hs and I know its scent , container and packaging . What I rcvd in the mail does not match any of them.The audacity !
 Rip off . Unless you have tons of money to spend and you 've helped everybody and every cause you can , do n't buy this . This perfume smells just ok . Nothing fantastic or memorable about it . And the price for the size ... ricidulous !
 It was only after I purchased this and tried it did I start to realize that perhaps this is not a true a hand moisturizer at all , but a protectant for hands ? At any rate , used for both uses , it does n't work at all . TheraSeal is not at all moisturizing and 5 seconds after application , I feel the need to go apply another hand cream over it b/c my hands still feel so dry.If used as a skin protectant , I feel this washes out in water so quickly . I was sorely disappointed in this product and even more upset about the pricing . My favorite hand creams remain the Eucerin Intensive Hand Cream and the Aveeno hand cream . Both work way better at less than 1/2 of the cost of this product .
 The active ingredient on this product is Dimethicone , which is found in other cheaper moisturizing lotions likeAveeno Active Naturals Daily Moisturizing Lotion , 18-Ounce Pump -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- . Why would you spend more on this product ?
 ok when i started using this something felt fishy about it then realized its just coco butter in a smaller bottle but for more its a waste of money people
 Luckily I bought this at Winners for only $ 10 because it does n't work at all ... and I find it hard to believe the reviews that say it does . I 've used it exactly as directed for over 2 months and there 's absolutely no change to my dark circles . I 'll continue to use it as a moisturizer but will never again spend my money on these products . I was hesitant to believe the hype and was proven correct in my disbelief . My advice , forget about this stuff and get a good concealer.Also , I think it 's a bit telling and rather amusing that one of the suggested tags for this product is ` useless ' . Update ... it 's October now , I 'm still using this * bleep * -LRB- rhymes with ` pit ' -RRB- everyday and there is still no change at all . Not even the slightest bit . It 's moisturizer ... that 's all it is . How it ended up with any favourable reviews is beyond me .
 I was SO disappointed with this product , Did n't work at all!I ended up throwing it , Would Never buy again !
 good consistency and application but my puffiness and small amouht of circling did not respond to treatment .
 I like the way this product feels on my face ; however , after 60 days of using it there was no improvement for me . In fact , I think it made the dark circles worse by spreading them out more . I took before and after pictures so I could very the results . Perhaps it works for someone else . I think there is no one product that will solve the dark circle procuct for everybody . We all have different reasons for the issue . So I will have to keep searching for something that works for me .
 Have been using the product for a couple weeks . Not extremely happy with the results , have purchased another similar product on Amazon last year and received better results .
 Not able to give my review on this product as I still have n't received it.Bad service and unreliable seller !!! I purchased this product on 6/10 and was advised the product will be arrived latest 25th . I still have n't received the product til now . Neither Amazon nor the seller bothered to reply my email .
 This product produced absolutely NO results in my under-eye dark circles . I used it faithfully for 3 weeks on the right eye , just to see if there would be a difference . In the end both eyes remained the same . No change whatsoever .
 I tried the Under EyeBryten for 4.5 weeks . The skin under my eyes does appear more supple , and the dark color mid-eye outward has decreased to an extent . However , the dark color mid-eye to inner only lightened slightly , and not satisfactorily . -LRB- I never had a problem with puffiness around the eye -RRB- I am still in search of a product that adaquately decreases/prevents dark under eye circles : - -LRB-
 I used this as directed - exactly as directed and it did nothing at all . Be careful of the fine print - I thought it had a 30-day guarentee , but that guarentee was only for a few of the products , not Eye Bryten . You can have mine - I used it for about 2 months and gave up .
 this item does not work for genetic dark circles . . save your money ! i highly doubt hylexin works either , as it is the generic version of that product and contains many of the same ingredients .
 This product did absolutely nothing for the puffiness around my eyes . I had much better results with a generic version of Strivectin-D for eyes.I do n't have dark circles -LRB- thankfully -RRB- so I ca n't address that aspect .
 This product claims to have Eyeliss . I see it in the product discription and can see it in the product graphic noted . I rec 'd mine yesterday and to my surprise , no mention of Eyeliss anywhere on package or on the bottle . Strange ... . I have used this 3 times as directed with NO visible results . Very dissappointed . So far Vita-K is THE BEST product out there . It tightens the skin around your eyes within 30 seconds of application and lasts all day . My only problem with Vita-K is that after prolonged use , my eye lids twitch ! Not cool . Stopped using although doc says it is nothing to worry about - just an irritant .
 I did not hate the product !!! I was sad to see that star so enumerated . I take various medications and I think , I know they caused the problem , though if I take in too much salt , I get that puffiness , but not like this past year . Currently I am off all medications , save one , and the problem is so much better , though it still exists to some extent , but NOT like it was . I feel the puffiness has receded due to the cessation of the medications , but your product could have had some input , also . Hard to rate when you have more than one variable . I used other products , far more expensive , that did nothing . It is too bad a different terminology is n't used , versus , I hate it . That seems so harsh . I still have the product and even used some today . I feel badly that under the first star it says that I hate it . In fact , I do n't . When off this medication , if ever , I may even order more , so it is hard to use the &#34; star &#34; rating . It may work very well with routine puffiness .
 I used this for over 2 months and saw no changes in my dark under eye circles . I know it 's hereditary and there is probably no cream in the world that can change that so i blame myself for even thinking a cream could work .
 Tried this product for a month now and still no results ... I feel like I have wasted my money .
 I do n't have any puffiness , the skin is very thin under my eyes . I have darkness there - this stuff does n't help at all .
 Well , I tried it . After reading mixed reviews , I decided to , but while it works great as a moisturizer , it does n't remove any puffiness or darkness under the eyes . I used as directed , morning and eve and after showering , for about a month now , and no real results . It goes on great , feels great , wonderful texture and goes on well under makeup , but then so does my other products . I really wanted something to help diminish the darkness forming under my eyes with age , and this does n't help . I 'll use the rest of the product for moisturizing , but I am disappointed in the product 's other claims . I am beginning to wonder if anything out there with a reasonable price works at all . Does anyone know anything that does ?!
 I did not notice an improvement with this product . I have been using it as per directions , I guess I am just one of those people that this product will not help . Yes , I am disappointed , but Eyebryten may work for somebody else . I would not discount the manufacturer claims ... I just may have a genetic trend that does not respond to this treatment .
 Under Eye Bryten was not as good as I had expected it to be - quite disappointing in fact ! It did very little to reduce eye puffiness and no change to dark circles has been witnessed , however I am not certain this product was produced for black skin so that could be the reason why .
 Plain and simple ... it did nothing . I have tried many other dark circle eye creams that state `` amazing results '' . Do n't waste your time on this one !
 Did not work for me that much . Puffiness did go away significantly , maybe just a little , that is all . Dark circles are still there after using the product for almost a month .
 This product was opened when I received it . . That is awful , what reliable company would send an opened product . And I sent an email and no response
 I was excited about this and thought the quality would be superb but it 's not very effective and really dried out my skin . It also smells very strong . I probably will not order again .
 Though these correction pads have some good ingredients , this product strips the skin - which can cause a rebound effect of even more oiliness . When denatured alcohol is one of the first five ingredients -LRB- ingredients are listed by amount , with the first ingredients comprising the highest % of the product -RRB- do n't buy it . I get better results from MD Alpha Beta pads . It has a LOT less alcohol in it . It 's ingredients are : Ingredients
 I used this for two weeks , and then my skin had a break out of tiny bumps , after this reaction my skin was peeling for 3 weeks !!! : -LRB-
 I have troubled acne and i was expecting this product to improve this condition somewhat as it is by a highly respected product line and sold at one of the leading beauty retailers . Also , I am stuck on the `` you get what you pay for kick '' and i believed that since this product had a moderate to expensive price tag , that it would be much more effective . Unfortunately i was not pleased . The product caused excessive dryness and after I used the product for about 50 days , there was no improvement in my complexion . Instead of paying $ 36.50 , I think you will gain the same result by purchasing some Oxy or Stridex pads in the drug store for about a fourth of the price .
 I only use one tool in this whole kit and I spent over $ 32.00 on it . This was not a great buy , sorry seller .
 These products are not helpful in removing whiteheads or pimples . The spoon extractor hole are too small and the tip is not very sharp . The loop extractor works but require hard presses which hurt the skin . I would not purchase this again !
 Well - I can not say that the product has significantly help my `` uv '' protection for my hair , nor helped with breakage.I can say that the product smells very badly and although the back description uses the words `` detangle '' - it is NOT what-so-ever an aid to detangling . It 's smelly water in a bottle.I would never buy this again .
 I am willing to spend the money because I have sensitive skin if it is a good product ... but this one caused me to break out .
 Since Laura Mercier seems to be a respected name in cosmetics , I expected a lot more . The appearance was fine but I found the foundation very difficult to apply . I tried with a sponge , with my fingers and also with and without foundation primer and I found it difficult to apply smoothly . It took a lot longer than my regular foundation -LRB- L'Oreal -RRB- to apply and the end result looked basically the same ~ for a lot more money . I will definitely not buy this or Laura Mercier 's primer again . I usually use Bare Essentuals or Smashbox primers and this foundation was easier to apply with them but still not satisfactory .
 This foundation has way too much hype associated with it.Rimmel Lasting Finish 25-Hr Foundation works MUCH better than this stuff and at a FRACTION of the price ! Rimmel LF has outstanding coverage , it applies VERY easily , and does not fade or transfer after many hours of wear.I did not get much coverage when this LM foundation claims to be full-coverage . Also , the shade selection seems very red-based , which is n't good for yellow-toned skin like mine.I purchased the shade that seemed most yellow-based on the LM site.I really wanted to love this stuff and find my perfect foundation per YouTuber juicystar07 and her sister , but I do n't like what I get for the money.Rimmel LF works BETTER for around $ 6 !
 Ordered this item from lipsticknet . This company not only never sent me my item but sent it to an entirely different state then when they realized it and spoligized they said they would immediately send me out a replacement since I was waiting so long . Waited another week and a half contacted them they said their inventory was depleted and could n't send me a replacement that I had to wait for them to get the original item they sent to the wrong state to come back to them !?! Wtf ? Horrible customer service , I sincevthenbirdered the product through Macy 's and it came slmost immediately ! Lipsticknet will never get any business from me again . My product from Macy 's was just what I expected and I 'm in love with Laura Mercier products !!!
 disappointed !!! i didnt get the one i ordered . . the old ines de la fressange is the one i wanted , but instead i got the new version totally different scent !!! and im very specific with the one i ordered .
 You should know that the image displayed here is of the 2004 version of ` Ines De La Fressange , Eau De Parfum ' , though the product that is supplied is the original version , which is very different in scent.Purely for the fact that the catalogue image here is wrong , this product is 1 star.So far , I 'm still waiting for a refund for Beauty Encounter 's error , and it has been a month now .
 I use this product under my eyes to lessen the dark circles . However , by itself , I do n't see a difference . I still have to use the secret concealer for any type of coverage/lightening of the eye area . Also , the packaging for this product is very bad . It 's hard to get the right amount needed and I end up wasting quite a bit .
 It looks like somebody took the original bottle and refilled it with something . Ive been using Iceberg Twice for years so i can tell the diference right away . I am really disappointed . Yes , it was way too cheap to be the original - lesson learned . Do n't buy it . And by the way I am pretty sure that 5 star feedback was posted by seller himself ! Do n't buy it .
 Well , after reading many reviews on the product and seeing that overall it worked wonders on other peoples faces , I was expecting amazing results after using it a few times.I have moderate acne and have tried all kinds a facial cleansers , in which the only cleanser that actually worked for me was proactive , but its toner stung and dried out my face , leaving it gross and blotchy . This product did n't work for me at all , I do n't know if maybe the stuff in it was n't strong enough to get rid of my acne , but more acne came after using it , plus the acne it did n't get rid of was still there.So , with only a week left before school , I 've decided to switch back to using Clean & Clear advantage acne control cleanser and my Clean & Clear persa gel 10 . The benzoyl peroxide in both the cleanser and gel seems to be working by drying out my pimples.After my acne is conrolled , i 'll maybe try to use the tea tree soap again with the thayers witch hazel toner I also bought to see if I get any better results.Until then , I 'm sticking with my Clean & Clear !
 I have shipped my scissor tweezers back to Tweezerman . The 2 arms began to wiggle immediately after I purchased them , making it impossible to bring the 2 ends together and grab on to a hair.Tweezerman Scissors were like gold around my house when I was growing up . If my moms tweezers came up missing you would have thought it was nearly the end of the world . As an adult myself now I can sort of understand why one would freak out , I do it all the time now . Only problem is I live alone so there is no one to blame.I contacted Tweezerman about my problem with scissor tweezers and they are going to have a look at them so I will update this review as soon as possible .
 What I liked
 Wont buy it again . Nothing special about it , tinggles for a little while . No plumping . Nothing that any other lip gloss ca n't do .
 In the words of our local consumer advocate ... `` Do n't waste your money ! '' If you walk around with your mouth stuck out like the product picture ... maybe ! The only thing this product plumps up is ... the comapny 's bottom line ... nuff said !
 When this arrived by DHL the box was intact but as soon as I opened the box I could smell cologne thus finding the cannister this was contained in had not only cracked but leaked out .
 It separates lashes like a charm and if you use it carefully , it wo n't hurt yoru eyes . BIG drawback
 I 'm an african american male with thick and curly hair so I 've been looking for some gel to keep my hair nice and curly . I was reading reviews on here about how this works very well for really thick and curly hair so I decided to give it a try thinking that it would finally be the answer to my worries but it is n't . I wet my hair to loosen up my curls , then I apply gel to my head ... this barely held . It actually frizzed my hair up about an hour after I put it in . If you 're looking for some good gel for your super thick hair I 'd recommend buying EcoStyler gel ... it costs about 6 bucks and you can find it at almost any retailer . It 'll also hold your hair for a long period of time as well . That 's the best gel I have found so far . I had a hard time trying to find this gel . With the hefty price tag I would have thought it would keep my hair nice and curly . I 'll try to combine it with my primary gel and use different techniques because now that I have it I have to use it somehow . I 'm not going to throw it in the trash .
 The hair gel does n't smell good at all . It smells like very cheap cologne if you ask me . The hair gel is very oily so you probably do n't need to apply much to your hair . I guess the only good thing about this gel is that your hair will not flake . I last boughtShort Sexy Hair Hard Up Gel , Packaging May Vary , 16.9-Ounce Pump Bottlebecause of the higher reviews , and I prefer this gel because it 's more harder and dry . If you prefer oily gels , then get this one ; it wo n't dry at all . But if you sweat , then this American Crew gel will definitely go into your eyes . For some reason , this is cheaper than the SHORT SEXY HAIR GEL brand .
 Despite the product 's claim that it is firm hold , I do not recommend this product at all . It does not harden into firm hold at all . I even tried using much more than I have used of previous gels I have purchased - same results . It looks like a gel but does nothing .
 I received what I ordered but it was not what I wanted . I thought I was getting the Crew `` Super Glue '' . I am very disappointed with the product I received .
 How many ounces am I getting for this price ? 8.45 ? 15 ? 33 ? Inquiring minds want to know ...
 This gel feels greasy after 8 hours in your hair . I think there are better products out there , it seemed like a good idea at the time
 This product is way too firm for thin hair . Twenty years ago it probably would have worked well on my hair when it was much thicker .
 I did n't realize or just did n't pay attention to how small this is . I surely would n't have paid so much to have it shipped .
 We really felt this product helped our little one with a skin condition that has posed a great financial challenge to manage . Insurance does not help with many of the products that provide some relief , including Carmol Shampoo . We have used the Carmol lotion with good results , but for some reason the price of the shampoo is markedly higher . The shampoo was initially introduced under $ 30 per bottle , and the folks at DermaDoctor have now THRICE raised the price now to a whopping near - $ 50 per bottle . Unfortunate because those who need this product are mostly special-needs cases who are already financially strapped by their ailments . There is no more money left to exploit from our child 's medical problem ... we have been milked dry . Sadly , we -LRB- and I suspect others -RRB- are now going to have to go without . : - -LRB-
 The product contains Lauryl Sulfate which is absolutely no help for sensitive or itching scalps
 This file became dull after only 2 weeks . I thought the purpose of a metal file is longevity . I would recommend against purchasing this file .
 I ordered this for my 86 year old mother thinking it was the 4 setting control white model with gold and black stickers/lettering that was on the picture . Instead they substituted the newer 1061 Hot Tools 2 setting model with Pink lettering that everyplace else on the internet has for much cheaper than Lil Gift LLC . My mother set it up and turned it on , well , the hot is way too hot and the low is too low , and there is no in between . It is also very cheap construction and difficult for an older person 's arthritic hands to adjust.DO NOT ORDER this product from Lil Gift , LLC . They are substituting a cheaper version than what is in the picture . I purchase a lot of stuff on Amazon.com , but this seller has just lost a potential customer . I will be paying a bit more to find a good dryer for my mom , but The Hot Tools pink model 1061 is poor quality .
 Initially this was not the picture in place for this item and so I received this thinking it was a different model and had it returned and was refunded excluding my shipping costs . I set my hair with full rollers and a head of full rollers can not fit under this hood and dry properly . So if you are purchasing this for setting your hair think twice . If you 're purchasing for just drying your hair I guess it might work .
 I have fine , shoulder-length hair . I primarily use hair spray around the roots to add body and to hold the baby hairs in place . I developed a mild reaction to the current hair products I use -LRB- that works -RRB- and tried Free & Clear Firm Hold Hair Spray.I 'm not happy with the spray . I 'm not sure what it really does because it feels like my hair is still doing it 's own thing , regardless how much spray I use . I may as well use NO HAIR SPRAY because it seems to wear off a few minutes after application . This is after a using it for a few days
 I have for many years used alcohol free hairspray , however recently the brand I had been using was no longer available . I read about several products , and decided on Free and Clear . When I received it I read the ingredients and discovered it contained SD alcohol . I was very disapppointed , but the cost and time to return the item was n't worth the effort .
 Unhappy with this product . Bought it because my ears are sensitive to regular hair spray . May have helped with my ears , but made my hair clumpy , sticky , and straight .
 I tried this product b/c I have very sensitive skin , and most hairsprays make my face breakout . My face continued to breakout while using the Free and Clear hairspray , plus it did not hold my hair , and I did not like the way it made my hair feel .
 This product worked well for the first 6 months or so , I use it occasionally when I see a chemically sensitive client . Then used it and it stuck to my hair like glue . I looked like I had bad dandruff and I had to go to the hairdresser to get it out - she could n't believe it . Would not recommend this product unless they 've reformulated it or if you go through it fairly quickly .
 Buenos d&iacute;as , gracias por la pronta respuesta.Le escribo con la finalidad de saber en que tiempo me reintegran el dinero y saber cual sera la gesti&oacute;n realizadas por ustedes para la reintegraci&oacute;n del dinero . Esto es un encargo que tengo que solventar lo mas pronto posible y necesito la compra del articulo inmediatamente.le agradezco el inter&eacute;s y espero solventar la situaci&oacute;n lo mas breve posible . .
 I like perfumes that smell sweet . . this one smells like you have n't shower for years ! ;-LRB- the smell is too strong , I hate it . If you like smells that are sweet this is NOT for you .
 This perfume is very strong at first . But mellows after a few hours it gave me a headache and made me feel sick . If you like light scented perfumes stay away from this one ! It smells okay but its too strong !!!
 When sprayed on my skin , I could n't detect any of the fruity nor floral notes what-so-ever ... What a disappointment !
 This perfume are 100 % fake > Don t believe the good opinion probably people who buy them never smell the original .
 Paris Hilton is not easy to wear , imo . If you can wear this , congratulations . The apple and melon are REALLY nice , reminding me of the best quality of Coty 's Exclamation & Coty 's Forbidden Fruit . I like smelling this on others , even if I ca n't stand the egomaniacal celeb.There is something freaky about the juice that does n't sit well . For me , there 's a chemical note in Paris Hilton that when I sniff it , it 's almost like it jabs my sensitive back molars . There 's a metallic taste to it too . I frequently have problems with white florals , but it 's not the jasmine & tuberose causing it . It 's something else . If it was n't for that freaky note , I would wear this regularly , in spite of the white florals.I so wish that this worked for me , even if the flacon is 1970s Avon tacky . Thankfully , the bottle was really cheap but I ended up giving the bottle away .
 This Paris Hilton perfume was bought for my fiance that has worn it for years . I gave it to her for Christmas and she swore it did n't smell like it usually does . I kept telling her she was nuts and she kept insisting it did n't smell the same so I went to a local retail store and bought a bottle today and sure enough it smells different . Amazon is ripping people off ! It also makes sense now as to why the box was n't shrink wrapped . Weird . According to Amazon it is considered `` hazardous '' to ship back and receive a refund so I am calling customer service tomorrow and insisting on one . DO N'T BUY !!!
 I LOVE THE SMELL BUT AFTER A HALF HOUR I DONT SMELL IT ON ME ANYMORE . I HAVE TO KP SPRAYING EVRY HOUR . SO DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY . I KNOW I WONT WASTE MY CASH BY BUYIN HER PERFUME . ILL STICK TO THE OLD SCHOOL PERFUMES THAT STAYS ON ALLDAY SUCH AS LIZ TAYLOR GIVENCY 273 AND JADORE . THESE 2K PERFUMES ARE GARBAGE .
 This purchase was my second bottle of Paris Hilton perfume , due to the fact that I absolutely LOVED my first bottle -LRB- probably my favorite scent -RRB- . I was so disappointed when it arrived -LRB- I was anxiously counting the days -RRB- , as it smells nothing like the bottle I bought at a department store a few years ago . It would seem the shelf life has expired , or it came from a bad batch . It smells like most perfumes eventually do after sitting for some time - cheap and like rubbing alcohol . I would have sent it back , but Amazon does not allow for perfume returns . I am a frequent Amazon customer , yet this is my first time writing an Amazon review , so obviously I feel motivated to do so . For the first time , I am disappointed with Amazon . Shucks .
 This is a great perfume ... if you want to smell like skank . Why is this chick famous , anyway ???
 Got this as a gift and very disappointed . It 's ok if you 're under 10 , but for teens or young women it 's not a good scent . It does n't last and after a few minutes it turns into plastic smelling . Should be about $ 2.99 for sale at KMart not Macys . You 're buying the name not a quality product . I also received a Hilton necklace and some stones were missing . I was too embarassed to ask for the gift receipt so I threw it in the garbage . Stick to the big brands like DK , Dolce , Angel , Burberry etc. . They do n't smell cheap and they have lasting power .
 Got this as a gift and very disappointed . It 's ok if you 're under 10 , but for teens or young women it 's not a good scent . It does n't last and after a few minutes it turns into plastic smelling . Should be about $ 2.99 for sale at KMart not Macys . You 're buying the name not a quality product . I also received a Hilton necklace and some stones were missing . I was too embarassed to ask for the gift receipt so I threw it in the garbage . Stick to the big brands like DK , Dolce , Angel , Burberry etc. . They do n't smell cheap and they have lasting power .
 Got this as a gift and very disappointed . It 's ok if you 're under 10 , but for teens or young women it 's not a good scent . It does n't last and after a few minutes it turns into plastic smelling . Should be about $ 2.99 for sale at KMart not Macys . You 're buying the name not a quality product . I also received a Hilton necklace and some stones were missing . I was too embarassed to ask for the gift receipt so I threw it in the garbage . Stick to the big brands like DK , Dolce , Angel , Burberry etc. . They do n't smell cheap and they have lasting power .
 ... although I do n't know why i 'm dissapointed . I mean , I never thought of anything with this perfume . I tried it , but have got to say am dissatisfied . To me , after spraying the perfume , it smelt rather ` cheap ' ? I do n't know how else to put it . But after awhile it settles , it 's okay . Like it 's not as bad as the initial spray ; but I would n't buy it .
 I loved the smell of this perfume -- but it does not last very long .
 quisiera saber cuando me van entregar mi perfume por favor no sean unos tramposo necesito respuesta al respecto por favor
 I have worn this perfume before . When I received this from amazon I was very pleased with the packaging and the fact that it arrived in a prompt manner . With that being said , it does not smell the same as my previous Paris Hilton perfume . Just to let you guys know , Paris Hilton perfume does not last very long at all . But this scent from amazon is practically non existent after 5 minutes . -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- . It definitely makes me question the authenticity and my loyalty to Amazon.com .
 This is my favorite perfume and I was so excited to find it for much less on Amazon . I purchased the perfume one and I was very disappointed once I put it on . I put it on before leaving with my mom and sister . An hour later when we were in the car the scent was gone . I think it 's better to spend a bit more and purchase it at the store where you can actually return a faulty product .
 I do n't know if I bought from a bad batch but it does smell like it went bad . I ended up buying another bottle from Kohl 's and it is the BEAUTIFUL fragrance that I love .
 I wanted to like this as much as many of you . Yes , I do smell the fruity melon - kind of a sweet honeydew melon ? Every single time I have worn this , it smells like melon mixed with ACETONE ! Like nail polish remover ! STRONGLY ! I have seen other reviewers mention the chemical-ish smell . . spot on . I just hate it . And I must be one lucky girl cause perfume lasts on me ALL DAY - any kind - without re-applying ; I saw many complaints about this not having staying power . Well i wish it wore off me sooner , ugh . It came in one of her gift sets of 4 small mini 's . i LOVE heiress , can can , and siren . Actually bought all of those in larger bottles . Self titled can ... rot . Gross .
 Buyer Beware ! Save your money and buy from the store . Its cheaper here because its a bad batch . the store are better quality and real , btw if u do n't like it u can always return . .
 WOW !! THIS IS NOT A ORGINAL PARIS HILTON SCENT . . SMELLS HORRIBLE ! WILL NEVER ORDER FROM THEM AGAINDO NOT BUY FROM THEM THE SMELL IS NOT THE SAME !!!!!!!!!! I WILL RETURN THIS ITEM BACK
 I do n't know what I was thinking when I purchased this . I thought it smelled good in the store , but when I got it home and started wearing it , it kept making me feel queasy . I would catch whiffs of myself throughout the day and think , `` ew , who smells like whore - oh crap ! It 's me ! `` Pass . Maybe it just did n't jive with my body chemistry .
 My husband bought this for me and I hope he doesnt see this review but I have to say that it really smells like cheap perfume ; just like I would expect Paris to . I guess that means its authentic . I tried it on two different occasions and I just couldnt take it anymore . Maybe a lot of people like it but I dont see how .
 Do not buy this product . What they send you is not the one shown . The nutrium soap was discontinued 2 yrs ago . That 's what I thought they were charging me for , but when I got it , it was a different type that costs $ 3.35 for 2 bars !!!!!!!!!!! then they did not refund the money even though they did not send what was pictured . DO NOT buy from these people ...
 If cheap smelling cologne that is usually handed back to the clerk at the counter to put back is your thing , buy it . If you enjoy finer fragrances for men do n't even waste a second of your time . Its smell is both ugly and outdated.Definitely make sure and smell this first if you decide you might buy it.I bought this last year and ended up giving it away .
 Literally , it stinks . I do n't see the point in using this stuff at all , it did not make my hair feel nice at all .
 I 've used Kiss My Face Pear Moisture soap for years and love it . Unfortunately , with this order I noticed the bottle has a new label and the product inside is very different . The soap is much runnier and runs right off your hands , unlike the old formula which was nearly as thick as lotion . The scent has changed too - to me it smells more like vinyl than pear . Finally , it is constantly clogging the spout on the Kiss My Face pump dispenser that I refilled.I contacted Kiss My Face and they confirmed that there was a formula change -LRB- removed paraben preservatives and synthetic fragrances -RRB- . No longer the same soap - beware !
 One person stated , they saw a difference in one day . To me , it seems like a clear coat of nail polish would have the same effect as this product as all it seems to do it smooth out the filing marks . My nails are still peeling daily and chip with the smallest amount of contact with any object . When I remove the product , my nails look as bad as they did before . They are not healing at all , just growing out .
 I ordered these hoping for the same comfort as the old terry cloth visors that I used to find just about anywhere years ago ... after wearing for 30 minutes I started taking the visor off for a few minutes and putting it back on ... I was way more disappointed than the vendor due to my search is still on for something comfortable to wear .
 Lack of vents on the sides and in front slow drying time . Impossible to adjust hood height .
 It takes so long to dry my hair with this hair dryer that I 'm still using my old one with the taped up cord .
 Did not know product came in such a small size . Have been using the 1/2 fluid ounce & thought that is what I would get . The tiny 1/4 fluid ounce was priced just slightly lower than the others , so I thought I was getting a bargain . Wrong . Now I have more to check when buying on-line .
 This product is horrible . Not sure if it actually works because i did n't use it more then twice to find out . The first coat I put on , it stung and burned my nails so bad , they felt like they were going to fall off , i could n't stand the pain in my finger tips . I figured because i already had it on that it would n't hurt the second coat , but it did and it was worse . I could n't stand it so I took it off right away with polish remover , they are still burning a bit after I removed the polish but Its not near as bad as with it on . My nails are very thin and fragile because I use to have on acrylic nails , so I wanted to try something to strengthen them back to healthy . I do not like this product and would n't not recommend it .
 For some reason , my usually strong , long nails have been going through a period of chipping and peeling , so I fell for the Nailtique hype.Don ' t waste your money . It is pure junk . I followed the directions faithfully , but my nails are still chipping and the product is peeling off !! Do n't believe everything you read about this scam .
 This product was n't the Arts Design Gel as stated , it was only the spray gel , and does n't work as nice as the The Arts Emphasis Hair Designing Gel
 It smells nasty . It looks the item is fake . I wish I did n't buy the item . I suggest not to buy to my friends . Moreover , you CA N'T return the item .
 I 've used this , and it did help , but I recently discovered that two of the ingredients in it , toluene and dibutyl phthalate , are highly questionable in terms of safety . Google them if you want to know more . There are also some questions about the formaldehyde resins -- straight formaldehyde has been linked to various cancers , but formaldehyde resins are not believed to be as dangerous.The FDA tests fewer than 11 % of chemicals in personal care products . It 's better to avoid the ones that could cause you health problems down the line . I 've since switched from this to Nail-Aid 's peeling nail intense repair gel . Works just as well without the potential toxins . http://www.nailaidcares.com/
 I used to love Trussardi when I was first introduced to it many years ago in Europe . Then we could n't find it anymore over there , and I started finding &#34; Trussardi &#34; here from various vendors on the Net . But it seems more and more not to have the potency and perhaps not even the the same scent which I used to love . So . I am wondering if the original recipe got lost ??? Perhaps I have to find some new scent to love . What a pity !
 I got this as a gift for my wife . I have purchased this over the years from other sources and she has always enjoyed it . The last two purchases , each a from a separate source during 2011 , she has noticed it smells different . She is using it but it 's likely she 'll be looking for another favorite for the future .
 Ladies , please do NOT pay the outrageous price advertised here . I was as disappointed as all of you when I realized that Maybelline had discontinued the charcoal grey color . I had used it for many years and loved it . After searching endlessly online and realizing that Amazon was the only place to get it -- for a ridiculous price ! -- I decided I 'd find a reasonable alternative . I went to Maybelline 's Web site and clicked on the tiny `` Contact Us '' link at the bottom of their home page . I asked why they had discontinued the charcoal gray eyebrow pencil , and here 's the response I got : `` Looking For Charcoal Grey Expert Eye Pencils ? Expert Eye Twin Brow and Eye Liner in the shade Charcoal Grey has been discontinued . We suggest trying Define-A-Brow Liner in `` Dark Blonde '' , as this will give you a similar color result . `` I had my doubts but tried it anyway -- you can always return it to the store if it does n't work out . I was VERY surprised to find that they were right -- the dark blonde shade works great and is VERY similar to the charcoal grey . In fact , I think it 's an even softer , more natural look than the charcoal grey . You have to be careful when you use this product because the pencil part is very thin , but if you go easy and take your time , it gives a beautiful result for about a third of the price Amazon is asking here.DON ' T GET RIPPED OFF ! Be willing to try something new , and go for it ! I think you 'll be glad you did . I hope this helps .
 The pencils cost way to much at 10.00 a piece . The pencils broke and broke when i tried to sharpen them . They must have been old .
 Please let me know , I would really like to order charcoal grey eyebrow pencils . Would order by the dozens , but when did they get so expensive ? Please respond.Thank You Marcia
 saw great reviews over here , was planning 2 buy it , but it got delayed.just yesterday ws goin 2 a party , so went 2 store as my eyeliner ran off.Was very excited to find this.Came home and tried , goshh , realised why they discontinued this product.It was not even spreading and i hav been using only pencil eyeliners since past 7years !!! blive me u dnt wana buy this cheapster ever !!!!
 I CA N'T BELIVE WHAT I HAD TO PAY FOR TWO EYE BROW PENCILS , THEY STOP SELLING THE MOST POPULAR COLOR . SO WE WOULD HAVE TO PAY SUCH AN EXPENSIVE PRICE FOR THE PRODUCT AND THEN THEY SHIP THE MOST EXPENSIVE WAY . WHAT EVER HAPPENED TO -LRB- IF IT FITS IT SHIPS -RRB- . PUT 2 SMALL PENCILS IN A ENVELOPE AND MAIL IT TO ME !!! NOPE THAT IS TO MUCH LIKE RIGHT.FROM A PERSON WHO LEARNED A LESSON
 This stuff is terrible . High priced and it is sticky and horrible feeling . It has an unpleasant odor that you want to get rid of . You will put it on and then want to wash it off immediately . Get a clue Jason . Horrible product .
 This gel is very sticky and sweet , also seems not completely absorbed -LRB- 50 % is absorbed and 50 % dry on the skin surface and then seems to peel -RRB- . I had to mix it with other creams , in two equal parts -LRB- mix with cream for very dry skin -RRB- . It also works better if you mix it with drops of essential oil or olive oil . -LRB- 5 drops of oil per arm or leg , if you still feel sticky or syrupy , to the next -LRB- the next day after the bath -RRB- , repeat the formula but with more oil until you get the desired sensation .
 It is not providing the same formula which was provided with the old bottle . What are you guys doing with the great formula ?
 As many other have said
 If you end up with a new bottle -LRB- not old stock -RRB- you get a new formula . The new bottle label states `` NEW LOOK , Same Great Formula '' but upon use and inspection of the ingredients I find this is not true.I include the two bottles I refer to in my customer photos above -LRB- my old bottle and the new bottle I recently bought -RRB- so you can see which ones I refer to , since there seems to be more than one type of bottle/tube and many different ads with different images . Keep in mind just because a seller shows the old bottle in an ad that does not mean you 'll get the old bottle and formula . If it matters to you , you should ask before buying . I bought the 16 oz bottle from Home Naturals Online , Inc. back in January 2012 . I did not ask before buying because I did not know of the new bottle at the time.Here 's my review of the new bottle and formula and comparison to the old . I also include the full ingredients list from both the old and the new bottles with photos above , and alternatives for moisturizing and healing.APPEARANCE & CONSISTANCY : > The old formula was a thin gel with a slight blue-ish green hue to it . The consistency of the old gel was a bit like your average maple syrup -LRB- not sticky , but a bit tacky -RRB- . > The new gel is clear , with no noticeable colorant and very very thick - like the consistency of table honey . It 's almost too thick ; difficult to squeeze out of the small hole in the bottle 's top . It 's very tacky , more than the old formula . I am not happy with the feel of this new super thick gel.PERFORMANCE : > The old formula felt cool and soothing on my skin . > The new formula just feels icky , thick and gooey , not soothing feel at all and only has a little `` cooling '' feeling . It actually burns when applied to my dry irritated skin - definitely NOT good.INGREDIENTS : I include the ingredients for both formulas below . There are 11 ingredients in the new formula that are not listed in the old formula . There are 4 ingredients in the old formula that are not listed in the new formula , plus in the old formula the Aloe is listed as a `` gel '' but in the new formula the Aloe is listed as juice . It takes more than juice to make a gel so there must be some ingredients in the old formula that are not listed on the label -LRB- the gel formula is not broken down into individual ingredients -RRB- . Clearly the old and new formulas are not the same , as the label on the front of the new bottle claims . The reason for this may be changes in laws mean changes in what can and can not be used , but the fact remains it is not the same formula . Again , I 'm not happy with this new gel . It 's too thick and it actually stings when applied to dry chapped and cracked skin.I was hoping to use Jason Aloe Gel in place of Miracle Foot Repair -LRB- Miracle of Aloe Miracle Foot Repair Cream -LRB- 8 oz -RRB- -RRB- which has about 60 % Aloe Gel and other soothing ingredients like menthol , due to the price difference . Jason Aloe Gel is currently much cheaper per ounce , about $ 8 for 16 ounces of Jason Aloe Gel and about $ 7 to $ 10 for 8 ounces of Miracle Foot Repair . But since the change in formula I no longer like Jason Aloe Gel at all and ca n't recommend it.I have now thrown out my new bottle of Jason Aloe Vera Gel -LRB- that 's how much I hate it -RRB- and I will use Miracle Foot Repair -LRB- Miracle of Aloe Miracle Foot Repair Cream -LRB- 8 oz -RRB- -RRB- to sooth and moisturize damaged skin -LRB- feet and elbow for sure -RRB- , but I still need something I can use on the scalp . Miracle Foot Repair is a super thick cream/lotion with mineral oil as one of the ingredients . I love it on dry cracked skin but it 's not good for use on the scalp . My husband has dry scalp in the winter and itching it can cause irritation and scratches in the skin . We have n't yet found an inexpensive shampoo or conditioner that 's good at bringing moisture to the scalp or sooth the skin on the scalp . Doctors only offer a prescription that costs about $ 100 per bottle . There 's no way we 'll pay that . I 'm sure it 's a rip off.Other choices to moisturize skin -LRB- and to help healing -RRB- is Aquaphor -LRB- Aquaphor Healing Ointment Advanced Therapy , 14-Ounce Jars -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- -RRB- and Vaseline -LRB- Vaseline 100 % Pure Petroleum Jelly , 13-Ounce Jars -LRB- 368 Gm -RRB- -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- -RRB- but neither are good for the scalp . Neither have aloe too . But I keep both on hand in the house at all times for cuts and scrapes and moisturizing super dry skin , but if you have an allergy to wool or have very sensative skin be careful with Aquaphor because it contains Lanolin -LRB- derived from wool producing animals -RRB- . Most people do n't like to use Aquaphor or Vaseline to moisturize skin due to the petroleum base , but if you 're sking is wet first -LRB- like when you first get out of a bath or shower -RRB- and if you do n't use too much , rub it in good and it 's not as `` greasy '' feeling as you 'd think . Just do n't use a lot at one time . If you need more , layer it by rubbing some in , letting it sink into your skin , the putting on more.I 'm considering buying a gallon of pure aloe vera juice -LRB- Nature 's Way - Aloe Vera Leaf Juice , 33.8 fl oz liquid -RRB- and adding it to our shampoo and conditioner and maybe to a plain lotion . If I do I 'll be sure to reveiw it to let you know . ~ ~ ~ Jason Aloe Vera Gel - New FormulaIngredients : Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice * Aqua -LRB- water -RRB- CarbomerGluconolactonePotassium HydorxideGlycerinArginineAllantoinPanthenolMentholSodium PhytatePolysorbate 20PhenoxyethanolSodium BenzoateAmylCinnamalBenzyl BenzoateBenzyl SalicylateHexyl CinnamalLimoneneLinaloolFragrance -LRB- parfum -RRB- * Certified Organic - referring to the first ingredient , Aloe Leaf Juice . ~ ~ ~ Jason Aloe Vera Gel - Old FormulaIngredients : Aloe Barbadensis -LRB- Aloe Vera -RRB- Leaf GelAqua -LRB- purified water -RRB- Vegetable GlycerinAllantoinPolysorbate 20Panthenol -LRB- vitamin B5 -RRB- Potassium CarbomerArginineNatural MentholBenzyl AlcoholPotassium SorbateSodium BenzoateChlorophyllin-Copper ComplexFragrance Oil BlendThe description of the ingredients in the old formula -LRB- which appears on the back of the bottle above the ingredients list -RRB- states it contains `` soothing Allantoin and Azulene '' but Azulene does not appear in the ingredients list . Azulene is an oil found in certain plants and is naturally blue in color . We could find nothing on the internet that describes the use of Azulene for anything more than a natural colorant . In the old formula the Aloe is listed as a `` gel '' . In the new formula the Aloe is listed as juice . It takes more than juice to make a gel so it is possible Azulene is part of the `` gel '' formula , but there 's no way of knowing . The old formula was in fact a blue-ish green color while the new formula is clear.Also , there 's an asterisk note saying `` Certified Organic '' but there is no item with an asterisk to know what ingredient is organic . This is probably just a typo , but it makes you wonder . ~ ~ ~ Jason is made by Hain Celestial Group Inc.The old bottle states it was manufactured in CA.The new bottle states it is manufactured in NY . Very close to where I live . Maybe I should take a trip and ask them why they made such horrible changes . ;-RRB- *********** Update . Today I boughtAloe Gel Whole Leaf 32 Ouncesfor $ 8.99 at a local store -LRB- can sometimes be found cheaper here on Amazon , but must pay shipping -RRB- . In my opinion this is the closest thing you 'll get to using the true aloe plant but in a bottle . Lily of the Desert comes in juice too , but I wanted a thicker substance so I can apply it to the skin w/o it running off like water . This Whole Leaf Gel is just right . I feels like all natural but thickened juice . It is clear , not colored green . All natural carrageenan is used to thicken it , which is edible too , so if you wanted to add this to a drink you could . It is 99 % organic juice and I highly recommend it for those who long for the old Jason formula that is no longer available . And it 's cheaper than Jason . Lily of the Desert also sells a `` inner filet '' gel -LRB- Lily of the Desert Aloe Vera Gel , Inner Fillet , 32-Ounces -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- -RRB- that 's a little thicker than the whole leaf gel , but it is made from the inside of the leaf only , not the whole leaf . That 's what `` inner filet '' means - the inside of the leaf . So , you can get Lily of the Desert cheaper than Jason , in three different forms , and has less ingredients , and is organic . No reason to buy Jason any longer . I 'm switching to Lily of the Desert for sure !
 Short review
 Do n't buy this one !!!! I wanted to give it zero stars , but they are making me choose one to five.The hood is impossible to adjust . It is hard to raise or lower when you 're trying to get it at the right level , but if you are close to the right level , it falls down immediately as soon as you sit under it.Additionally , it 's not big enough for a head with curlers on it . You ca n't get your head in there , either from side to side or from top to bottom.Lastly , as soon as I turned it on , it smelled funny and my smoke detector went off.What a piece of work !
 Ca n't say I should have expected much given the low price for this fan . The batteries were defective and one of the flimsy plastic blades broke off when when it touched my hand -LRB- a good safety feature I guess , but poor quality -RRB- . Do n't waste your time and money on this , despite the low price .
 I did n't much expect Advecia would do much . So I was n't much surprised when , in fact , it did not . No doubt , I made too many reorders of Advecia when I should have realized sooner that just squirting a liquid on my skull was not going to make any dormant follicles take notice . If other guys actually got some benefit from Advecia , I am glad for them . Of course , I would actually like to meet someone like that to be sure he does n't have stock in the company .
 I took this supplement for 2 yrs and did not notice new hair growth . My hair loss is upfront , not in back . I think it stopped my existing hair from falling out but no new growth . Wasnt happy with product .
 These people are liars and thieves . They did not return calls placed over a 3 month period . When some guy named Chris finally did answer the phone , and I explained to him that I had been leaving messages for months , he told me to return the product immediately , which I did . He even looked my information up on the computer so he knew exactly when I received the product . They received the product back on April 14 -- signed for in their office by S. Johnson . The next correspondence I received was an e-mail telling me that they would not refund my money even after telling me to return the product . They are liars and thieves .
 I did not find any changes with this product . It is so expensive that it isrecommended that you not use a lot . Consequently , it does not evengive any lubricant . I have used it for a month , now , and do not see thatit does anything .
 I was so excited , when this arrived i used it the minute i got it ... . but the damn moisturizer mademy skin break out also gave me a dull complextion to the point where i look almost dead . . not for mature againg plotchy skin condition . . maybe if u have fair skin , but trouble skin I k its not good for .
 Hello everyone out there in Amazon World ... Cuba Jungle is okay if you buy the one with the pink label . My sister likes cuba jungle tiger and I just ca n't figure out why : -RRB- It does n't last half as long as the other scents which is why I do n't use it . Cuba Jungle Tiger that is , seems as if it has more alcohol in it or something.Well , that 's my 2 cents worth . : -RRB-
 If you want long-lasting lip color that makes your lips look caked , baked , flaked , and nasty , you 'll love the color half of this product . If you want a decent moisturizer for your lips , the other half of the product is fine . I predict CG Outlast wo n't last long on the market .
 If you use this brand you know that this color has been discontinued maybe a year ago . Several years before being discontinued the packaging had been changed from a cover with tapered tip to blunt . The product I received must have been years old . It is in the old packaging with the tapered tip , and actually goes on thicker and darker than expected for this color , probably due to its time on the shelf . The picture actually does show the packaging with the tapered tip , but they do n't tell you that not only the picture , but also the product is from the archives .
 The actual color is not as nice as the name suggested and it certainly does not last .
 I could n't find details about this Wella product . It may have been exactly what I wanted but since I did n't have a product description I moved on to other products .
 I have been using the conditioner for many years and love it . . I did not realize they sent me the wrong item until I used it once . . and my hair was not as soft as when I use the conditioner . The bottles look the same .
 I received a different product than what I ordered . It came in a crushed product box . There was no packing slip and no return information . I have contacted the supplier through amazon.com and sent the product back . I have yet to have the right product and have not heard from the supplier since I was told to return the product .
 When I received this product , the box appeared to have been used . The box was beat up , bent , and not in new condition . When I pulled out the jar of cream , the lid on the jar WAS NOT in new condition ; I could tell it had been used , part of the symbol on the top of jar and the gold coloring was rubbed off . The seal between the jar and the lid was broken . I was not sure what to think , so I just sent it back . I decided to purchase from a local department store where I knew the product I was purchasing was new .
 Although , I highly recommend Arnica as a very wonderful remedy , I do not recommend this brand as it is not necessary to spend 30.00 for 12 capsules . Do a search on Amazon and you will see what I mean . The majority of homeopathic remedies are extremely reasonably priced . If not , then you know your are getting ripped off .
 Worst product ever ! I ordered this online because Ulta3 no longer carried it , the packaging was different but was still Mastey Frehair ... they must have changed the formula ! It used to be light and great anti-static ... but no longer , its heavy and yuck!The seller delivered as promised , but the product is n't worth a hoot .
 I have been using Jergens liquid hand wash for years , partly because of the almond scent , but equally because it never chaps or cracks my skin , which I find with some brands . Sadly , it has become harder and harder for me to find in local stores , so I was delighted to find it through Amazon and replenish my supply .
 My hair type , very fine . Was damaged after using this product . It might work for others .
 The spice in this fragrance smells exactly like Indian food . I love Indian food but do n't want to spray it on me . Happy I tried a sample vial before spending any more money .
 I do n't know if this was old , and so the smell altered , but I could n't wear it . It smelled like a cross between your grandma 's perfume and insecticide . I gave it away . Maybe on others the chemistry would be different . The lady I gave it to said she loved it , but I do n't know if that was sincere.Gave it 2 stars because of the brand , and because my friend said she liked it .
 I thought it was really helping my nails they were growing and strong like they used to be then poof one broke then another and now I 'm back to where I was with peeling , splitting , breaking nails . Something I had never experienced before .
 This product made my nails very brittle ! My nails were chipping before I used it , and this product made it worse ! I definately will not be buying this product again !
 This is a horrible product . Just like many others , this shampoo and conditioner were both IMPOSSIBLEto rinse out and left behind soooo much residue.I had to re-rinse my hair about 3 times after I had originallywashed it . It also made my hair smell an look super greasy . Neverpurchasing this again .
 I was hooked on this product for months . But as more and more people discovered what I had discovered it became harder to find . Then for a month I could n't find it anywhere . I figured Neutrogena was excited about their new star product and were either going to dilute it -LRB- to cash in on it 's popularity -RRB- or raise the price . When it finally ended up on the shelves again I bought it and unfortunately it is no longer the same product . I am shipping my 5 bottles back to the Neutrogena corporate office . Very disappointed . It WAS the best conditioner I had ever used : -LRB-
 I bought this product because I was looking for a leave in conditioner and after reading the reviews I decided to give a try . Let me say its smells awful and it did n't do anything to my hair .
 I think a product 's effectiveness is based on how it is being used . I used this on my long , straight , dry hair . My hair is not thick or fine , just average . My scalp is not oily at all because I am on my second round of Accutane . I bought this product in hopes of getting some moisture to my dry hair and severely dry ends . I used the product for five days straight before running out . The product did not live up to my expectations . It did nothing more than my regular conditioner -LRB- Moist by Aussie : Aussie Moist Conditioner With Pump 29.2 Fl Oz -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- -RRB- . I also purchased one for my mother , who has fine hair -LRB- about shoulder length -RRB- that curls naturally at the ends . Her hair is prone to dryness at the ends because she irons it every day . Her scalp has an average amount of oil . After using this product for about two weeks every other day until she ran out , she concluded that there was no noticeable difference.Aside from that , the smell is n't offensive , and the packaging is decent . I feel like I should be getting more for the price that I am paying . I will not repurchase .
 Do n't buy this . It made my hair feel dry and brittle . It smells good , has nice packaging , but I was disappointed in how poorly it left my hair feeling . There are plenty of other drug store brands for equal or lesser cost that will give much better results .
 Do n't buy this . It made my hair feel dry and brittle . It smells good , has nice packaging , but I was disappointed in how poorly it left my hair feeling . There are plenty of other drug store brands for equal or lesser cost that will give much better results .
 It tested on animals , and the company refuse to stop killing poor animals.So why would i or you buy it ? There are hundreds of hair masks from companies that not tested on animals .
 I bought this based on the rave reviews.I thought because it 's so difficult to find in stores , it must be a big seller.After using it , my guess is , it 'll probably be taken off the market.It 's awful.Made my hair DRY and the ends brittle.But after looking at the ingredients on the bottle , I should n't be surprised.Alcohol and SODIUM HYDROXIDE . . ?? LYE ? To FRY my hair ??? Are you kidding.No more for me !!
 My hair is long and I die it blond , so it tends to be somewhat dry . This product did not work for me . My hair is easy to comb after I apply it but it looks rather dull , no miracle ...
 Impossible to rinse out completely ; leaves residue that causes breakouts on my sensitive scalp . I originally bought it because the tube is convenient for travel but I guess otherwise not for me .
 Dont buy from them they will sell you the wrong shampoo and then not give you a refund even though there store page says they do !!!! Order from CosmeticMall or somewhere else instead !!!!
 It did n't do a thing for my relaxed hair . I deep condition with it under my hooded dryer , and it felt like I did n't use anything . My hair was tangled and hard
 I bought this leave in cream thinking it would help my hair stay soft and smooth . I am biracial -LRB- black and white mix -RRB- so my hair is extremely curly and thick . I was very disappointed with this cream because it made my hair somewhat crunchy and felt oily . If I had of known this I would not have bought it . Not to mention the smell is not pleasant either . It may work for some people but I was not pleased and will not buy again .
 I used this shampoo right after using the EverSleek Loreal shampoo/conditioner . It was causing build up and made my scalp itchy/flaky and my hair heavy/greasy after a few months of using it . As soon as I used this Neutrogena shampoo , my hair was clean , itchy/flaky scalp gone . After a couple of months , however , the same thing started to happen with this shampoo/conditioner .
 I have been using this moisturizer for two years now.Recently i bought it from the above store and found out it was a fake.First and foremost this moisturizer is fragrance free , but the one i bought online from this store has a minty scent , and the feel is different.Please buy clinique from a reputable store even if you have to pay more .
 I have sensitive skin and my skin is also always flaky and dry . I decided to purchase this product because I read some good reviews about the ingredients and how light it is . After using it for the first time my skin started to break out . I keep using it because I was pretty sure it was n't this product but my face just keeps getting breakouts . I decided to stop using this moisturizer and my blemishes went away . If you do decide to try this product , I would suggest putting only a little bit on one side of your face and see what happens . I know a lot of people say that you can test it by using on the neck and behind the ears but I 've found that the pores on the face reacts differently so try it out first .
 I am very upset with my purchase -LRB- Clinique cream `` All about eyes rich '' and Clinique `` Dramatically Different Moisturizing Gel '' -RRB- which I 've bought from Laptop-Services in April 2011 . The both -LRB- cream and gel -RRB- I 've got unpacked . I think Laptop-Services must pay more attention how the treatments they send to customers are packed ! Unfortunately I am not happy with my purchase ; I think I 'll never buy treatments using Laptop-Services .
 I just sit and chuckle when I read all these reviews for these high dollar products . Noxema for cleansing , witch hazel for toning and Pond 's for moisturizing . I 've saved tons of money over the years by only buying 3 simple products . I 'm 63 and get comments almost every day regarding how youthful my complexion looks .
 This product is not good . It feels like chemical sludge on my face . I 've had acne and it does n't help it at all . It could have made it worse in fact . I returned it .
 It has been almost two months now since I ordered this product , Clinique Dramatically Different Moisturizing Gel . I have tried to contact the seller several times now and they still give this this weird email asking if I still want this product . They have already taken my money out of my account and are now asking me if I still want to get this delivered to my place ? Are you kidding ? I am so peased now . People should not buy this product here . I do n't know if it 's a good one but I know that you will never be able to review and comment about the quality of the product if you order it here .
 I have MILDLY sensitive skin . . at least I did before I tried the 3 step program which included the mild soap and this moisturizer.All seemed well with world for about a week ... then all heck broke loose . I broke out in welts on my chin and nose ... painful , dry and burning . I know it was due to the soap and toner.The lady at the Clinique counter `` convinced '' me that I needed to stick with the soap and switched me to the mild toner.The issue just compounded.The soap is WAY too drying . This is the gimmick
 This moisturizer was recommended to me ; I have very dry facial skin . This is not the right product for someone with dry facial skin .
 The reason this store sells testers so cheaply is because the fill level is as low as half full . You 're better off buying a regular bottle from any of other discounter or full price store.Nowhere on their website is `` low fill '' defined . If you call the store , they claim `` low fill '' means the bottle is actually 100 % filled ... it just does n't `` look '' that way when it reaches you ... Right .
 I threw it away . I could n't stand it . Made my hair dull and clumpy . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 I used to love Trussardi when I was first introduced to it many years ago in Europe . Then we could n't find it anymore over there , and I started finding &#34; Trussardi &#34; here from various vendors on the Net . But it seems more and more not to have the potency and perhaps not even the the same scent which I used to love . So . I am wondering if the original recipe got lost ??? Perhaps I have to find some new scent to love . What a pity !
 Really like the feeling of tea tree oil etc on the scalp with the tingling / refreshing feeling it imparts . This product does not deliver .
 Over the years I am a hair product junkee looking for something that really works . My hair is dry and bleached out so I thought I would try this product but it does not work on my hair at all . I ca n't even finish the product , I am throwing it out . It does not condition my hair like I thought it would from reading the reviews . I was hoping it would work better because I want to use more natural products but without the conditioning , I was pulling hair out when I combed it after I washed and conditioned it . I tried Avalon shampoo too and am not impressed .
 Saw absolutely no difference using this product . Found out hair loss was due to iron deficency and not any topical issue .
 I would not buy this product again , not very conditioning . Leaves hair feeling dry and tangled . Does n't feel like a conditioner .
 I was given the shampoo , instead of the conditioner . It really sucked , as you can imagine how it is when you wash your hair without conditioner . . Otherwise the shampoo was pretty good .
 After using the conditioner it did not make my hair feel soft . It felt dry and damaged and was not easy to comb .
 Based on the reviews I read prior to my purchase , I expected my hair to feel fuller and thicker . It did not ... My hair felt stiff and brittle . I tried it a second time and this time I could see my hair breaking off in my hand ... the smell was great and that is about all . I am so disappointed in the purchase , price and end result of the product that I could shoot myself for such a waste ... Do n't count on it working for you . : -LRB- while the conditioner is thick , it does not offer a silky feeling to your hair . I found my hair hard to untangle and I spent a great deal of time delicately untangling my fine long hair to prevent further damage.I have gotten better results from generic conditioners like Suave than I could ever get from this product.What an incredible waste of money .
 I have fairly sensitive skin and can get quite itchy if I use a shampoo or soap that has certain chemicals in it . So I 've been on a quest to find soap , shampoo , and conditioner products that have fewer odd chemicals in this . My quest is challenging because I also donate my hair to charity every three years . So I need my hair to remain thick and healthy while I do this . Otherwise my charity donations will make recipients unhappy rather than happy.The Avalon Organics Lemon Conditioner seemed like it would be just right for me . My boyfriend loves the aroma of lemon , so that would be a plus . It would have fewer chemicals . It says it restores natural highlights and color . It removes build-up . All great!So I began trying it . First , the conditioner is very thick , and the container can not sit on its lid . This means one has to really pound it to get the conditioner out . This is bad enough when the bottle is beginning , but by the end of the bottle it makes getting any out quite challenging . It means the last part of the bottle is wasted.Next , the instructions say to massage it in `` from the roots up '' . Hmmm . I 'm not sure how that 's even technically possible unless one had an eyedropper . If I have a dollop of conditioner on my hand , and I put it on my head , it is going to touch the top of my hair first . I then have to massage it down * towards * the roots . I do n't see how I could get it to start at the roots and then work its way out.The conditioner seems to get absorbed nearly instantly . That then means there is n't any left to `` massage around '' and get to the rest of the hair . Over my time with the bottle I used larger and larger -LRB- bordering on , to me , outrageous -RRB- amounts of conditioner on my hair . My hair is currently only just-past-shoulders length , too . It 's not even at its full waist length point . I would put a giant dollop in my hand , start putting it on my hair , and it would vanish nearly instantly . It 's not that my hair is super-dry either . If anything I 'd call it slightly oily . So I never felt as if I was getting all my hair conditioned.When I was done , the hair would feel squeaky clean - which is a problem . When I then tried to comb or brush it , it would tangle . The hair was not detangling as most conditioners would do . It would catch on the brush or comb . So this meant more hair would pull out during the brushing process.All of this was odd enough . I 've tested many , many conditioners over the years and not had this combination of issues happen before . But then the clincher . I was out kayaking with my boyfriend recently , and he looked at my head and then took a picture of it . Apparently my hair is now turning white at a prodigious rate where I am putting most of the conditioner . I have dark hair . I do realize that many people with blonde hair use lemon juice to bleach their hair and make it lighter . I should have realized this would happen.Because I am a sucker for punishment I will try the rosemary version to see if it 's any better , and post a review there when I 'm done testing . But I can unequivocally say that this lemon is just not for me . I would not recommend it for anyone with dark hair , or with long hair . It probably would be best for someone with short , blonde hair who likes the scent of lemon.I purchased this conditioner with my own funds .
 Product dried out my hair . I was disappointed since this is organic . I expected it to be better . But , Pantene works better than this and does not dry my hair out . Smell was ok . It was not overwhelming , but it did not smell great either . It did make my hair look thicker , but dried out .
 I expect a conditioner to prevent my hair from drying out . This is the first time I 've used an organic conditioner . Although the texture is thick like a cream almost , it seems to disappear and have almost no affect when I apply and rinse it off . I then try to compensate by applying more and more , but the texture of my hair is almost the same as if I did n't even use conditioner . I 'm trying to be more self conscious about the cosmetic/hygiene products I use but this particular line has been a disappointment .
 I have very curly dry hair and needed a conditioner that makes my hair smooth and soft . This one does n't help at all . It 's like using no conditioner and as such a waste of my money . I can not get through my hair even with the biggest comp after using this product . Beside that I do n't smell any Lavender , actually I do n't smell anything at all . Not a happy camper .
 Tried and used a whole bottle . Smell did n't bother me - what did was the fact that it barely conditioned - my hair was always tangled after use . Switched to another organic brand with MUCH better results !
 This product did nothing for my hair , I have a hair loss problem and it didnt even help a slight bit . after using it made my hair dry and brittle , no moisture whatso ever .
 This conditioner looks and feels creamy in your hands but does n't condition the hair . As one reviewer said , it feels like nothing and even applying more does n't help . I was very disappointed in this product . I used it in conjunction with the Avalon Lavender Shampoo . The shampoo is very harsh and seems to strip all natural oils from the hair and scalp . Others are commenting on the great smell - I did n't detect much of a lavender scent . It smells sort of like dog cleansing products .
 I was very excited about trying the shampoo and conditioner for my thinning hair issue . My hair has been coming out a bit before this but I was completely surprised when using it the first time , SO MUCH of my hair came out in the shower & when I was coming it out afterward that I started crying !!! I skipped washing my hair for one day and then used it again just to see if I was imaginging it . Well I was n't because it happened again . I went to Ulta and purchased some Nioxin which I 've used before and washed my hair with it this morning . Only a little bit of my hair came out ... and by little bit , I mean more than the average person but WAY less than when I used the Biotin B-Complex . Im glad it works for some people and hope it works for you . I tried it due to all of the positive reviews and although I hardly ever review anything , I felt so strongly about my experience that I had to share it . I am sending this product back today ! Good Luck ~
 I have arbitrarily chosen the conditioner , but the following applies to EVERY SINGLE product in this company line.It 's commonly known fact that most of the cosmetic companies claiming to be organic actually are NOT -LRB- such as Nature 's Gate , Kiss My Face , Dessert Essence , Jason , etc. -RRB- . The reason Avalon -LRB- NON -RRB- `` Organic '' is the worst offender in my eyes is1 . the fact that they actually have the audacity to use the word in their name , while their products still contain synthetic , and potentially carcinogen ingredients and2 . I have gotten duped by them in the past and spent a lot of money on their products before realizing how blatantly dishonest their marketing tactics were.It used to be even worse in the past when they first showed up on the market.Enticed by the name , I happily jumped on the bandwagon and kept buying their shampoos , conditioners and lotions -LRB- foolishly without reading the Ingredient label -RRB- , only to find out A LOT later that they all were laden with all kinds of harmful chemicals , there was just had some `` natural stuff ' thrown on top so it sounded more enticing -LRB- and misleading -RRB- . Even though recently they have ` cleaned their act ' significantly , and they now claim `` 70 % of ingredients are organic '' ... where does it leave the remaining 30 % ? -LRB- these ingredients , among others , are still questionable
 Be very careful about ordering this product . The formula has changed -LRB- per manufacturer -RRB- Note the `` new '' on label . First formula was heavenly -- the very best . This new formula is terrible ! And on top of that , you can hardly get it out of the bottle .
 I was hoping for a great organic conditioner that will help my hair to be healthy and look nice . This is not it . It is almost impossible to brush my hair after using this one -LRB- I have a straight hair , not curly and crazy -RRB- and it makes my hair greasy . Only plus-smells nice . Will not buy again .
 The conditioner was the better of the two , but I did n't care for this product . The scent does n't quite mix right to make a pleasant scent . It 's ok , I just think there are better products out there . My hair is mid length , natural curly and thick . I did n't think there was any advantage to my hair type as far as moisture or frizz free benefits go .
 AVALON USED TO SMELL GREAT , SO MUCH THAT I WOULD LOOK FORWARD TO A SHOWER , IT WAS LITERALLY AROMATHERPY , BUT NOT ANYMORE . THEY CHANGED THE INGREDIENTS BECAUSE THEY GOT BIG CONTRACTS WITH SUPERMARKETS , SO NOW THEIR PRODUCTS ARE CRAP , YOU CAN BARELY SMELL ANYTHING WHEN YOU USE THE PRODUCT , CHEAP CRAP THAT IS OUT THERE IS BETTER THAN AVALON IS NOW . I CALLED THEM AND TOLD THEM HOW I FELT , THEY SAID IT WAS THEIR FIRST CALL LIKE THAT , BUT THAT WAS NOT TRUE BECAUSE I SEE REVIEWS SAYING THE SAME BELOW THIS REVIW , AN DON MANY SITES . AVALON HAS FAILED BECAUSE THEY GOT GREEDY , THEY FOUND OUT HOW MUCH MONEY THEY 'D MAKE IF THEY TOOK OUT THE QUALITY STUFF IN THEIR PRODUCTS , AND SAID BASICALLY SCREW THE CUSTOMER .
 For conditioner , this did not do its main job very well
 I have thin fine hair and I am always searching for the `` miracle '' to a beautiful head of hair . This is not it . It may be organic and have less surfactants but , it 's the thinnest shampoo I 've ever used . Ca n't get it from bottle to hand to head without losing it down the drain . Stupid purchase . Oh well , next time .
 Something about this shampoo that although it smells good and refreshing , it makes my scalp itch . Could be just me . Would n't buy again .
 I washed and conditioned 1 a week but did n't see much difference . No thickening . May work for thinning but I have actual loss of hair .
 I bought the shampoo and figured I had to get the conditioner to go along with it . Nope . It barely did anything for my hair . It was like adding water to my hair . I even tried to mix it with another conditioner . Big mistake on that one . My hair felt like it was n't clean . Anyway , I would skip this .
 I BOUGHT THIS Avalon Organics
 I just finished my first bottle of this product . I am in my early 50s , my hair tends to be oily and I have an unacceptable amount of shedding which is the reason I chose this formula . The smell is great but the conditioner does n't moisturize very well even if you leave it on for 4-5 minutes . I eventually bought Aussie 3-minute Miracle to put on the ends and that did help me get through the bottle . I am reordering the matching shampoo but will look for something else for conditioning . I just wish there were a conditioner that had both Biotin and Saw Palmetto .
 Does not lubricate or soften hair . Not even while in the shower . I followed the instructions and even left it on longer than recommended . It made no difference . My hair was just as tangled after rinsing it off . Basically , it does no conditioning , whatsoever .
 I used this in conjunction with the shampoo . It does not restore moisture to your hair , so even oily hair will start to feel dried out if you use both the shampoo and conditioner long enough like I did . I did n't notice any thickening of my hair . Moving on to another product .
 Following my review on the Biotin Thickening Shampoo - I do not care for this product at all . The smell is very similar to lemon Pledge or Lysol . When I first opened the conditioner , it was really a really thick and creamy appearance , but the second I put it in my hair , it lost all of its integrity and seemingly barely covered my hair ! I usually start applying at my tips and slowly working my way up to about 4 '' away from my roots , but I was having such a hard time working it up that I had to reapply a couple times . What a waste of conditioner ! When I rinsed it out , my hair had a dry and straw-ish consistency . Not very pleased . I do notice that my hair has grown a bit faster this past month or two . I 'm unsure if that 's due to the Biotin supplements or the shampoo/conditioner . I just end up throwing a bunch of Dove brand leave-in conditioner because of the way this shamp/cond leaves my hair .
 This conditioner not only seems watered down but it really doesnt do much for my hair either . I have to use a trememdously large amount in order to get any type of actual conditioning feeling in my hair with this ... literally 1/4 -1 / 3 of a cup worth . This wouldnt be SO bad if i didnt have super fine and thin hair to begin with and its short so there should be no reason i should have to use this much conditioner . I have used many different organic types of shampoo/conditioner and never have had to use this much . I was really excited to get this conditioner but honestly it is not at all worth the money paid for it . Very dissappointed
 I BUY THIS PERFUME 100 ML OF MY HOUSE AND I GET ME ONE OF 7 ML . MEETING THAT CHEATED ME AND I SHOULD SEND THE FRAGRANCE OF 100 ML 4 MY HOUSE WITHOUT CHARGE CHILE AGAIN . . I DEMAND A SOLUTION , BEFORE TAKING ACTION LEGALES.CHAO
 I like Obsession , the problem was that I ordered , Obsession Night by Calvin Klein for Women , the photo showed eau de parfum , and I received Obsession Body Lotion .
 After reading the reviews I expected somwhat of an oriental fragrance . Instead , I received a fragrance that smelled like after shave . This one is not the least bit womanly . Beware - if you want to smell like a man , buy it , if not , make another choice .
 I enjoy the notes and appreciate the scent . I would love to wear this more often , but I ca n't . The combination of jasmine and gardenia is overwhelming to my palate , although I love it 's masculine edge . The white florals are head-ache inducing on me.CK OB is unwearable in warm weather , and nearly unwearable on cool nights . Love it on paper , just not on my skin.Do sample before you buy .
 It is same packing and the same bottle , but the perfume is imitation . It does not have the same color , it is yellow instead of transparency , and it does not have the same aroma . That cost me very expensive for imitation . 65 $ with the shipping , and I ca n't use it . Excuse my English i 'm french .
 Had to try Night Obsession since I really love the fragrance of Sheer Obsession . It is ok but ca n't beat the Sheer 's light fragrant smell . The top cap of the Night Obsession had a sticky substance covered all over it and took about 15 minutes to clean if off with Goo Gone product . The box it was in did not have the sticky glue on it . Strange the cap was just sticky , like someone put it in the box dried before boxing it . Was very disappointed with this surprise situation when lifting it out of the box . Hope it does n't happen to anyone else .
 After searching for Obsession Night , the first link was for perfume , the picture showed perfume , and the company sent body lotion . The perfume is great , and the price was great , if only they had sent the product advertised .
 `` premium price due to scarcity '' ????? This color is still in production by MAC , has not been discontinued and can easily be bought from MAC , the MACcosmetics internet site or dept. stores with a MAC counter for the regular $ 14 price.THis color is not limited edition . IT is a permanent part of MAC 's nail polish line and is $ 10 to $ 12 at reputable merchants .
 This lotion smells nothing at all like nutmeg -LRB- a smell I love -RRB- , though it does have a strong unknown odor which is n't pleasant . And , worst of all the company does not allow you to return things . So I bought it and now it 's in the trash . No one at work wanted either ... once they smelled it .
 I love the real version of this product-but the one I got -- the label was not even attached ... cheap box . . cheap metal on top . . blurry photo on the label , smell is not like the real stuff-watery looking .
 This just costs too much for what you get . I think , originally it cost about $ 12 but now is selling for $ 50 + . I was very foolish for purchasing it .
 I returned the product because it was the wrong color . The return was completed expediently & without any problem.I would order the product again if it were in the right color . The seller deserves an A + . PS The rating really does apply as the product is fine ; it was just the wrong shade .
 I was so disappointed with this item . It is supposed to curl and straighten . However , it was extremely difficult to use for curls
 First reviewer was spot on . I 've worked several times with this flat iron -- definitely giving it the benefit of the doubt , since I freely admit I 'm not particularly skilled at trying to style my own hair . I very much wanted it to work since I have fairly short fine hair that is driven to flip , but I want it turned under . I hoped the 3/4 '' domed style would be perfect for my situation . Wrong -- it is useless and ineffective regardless of what I tried to do . Have not tried Chi yet , but for me , this product is absolutely worthless .
 I bought this straightener because I liked the fact that it had curved plates and I thought it would make my ends smooth and curled under . I was so excited about trying it , but it took me so long because you have to take tiny pieces to straighten . It didnt even straighten the small sections , it was so awful . I have pretty thin hair too . Definitly not worth 160 dollars . I just ordered a CHI and hope to get better results . Dont bother with this ! Im returning it to the Seller thank god !
 This is the worst `` hair iron '' I 've ever used . I originally bought it based on magazine descriptions/articles , especially the one about this hair iron being used on Jennifer Aniston 's hair , by her hairstylist , and a picture of her great hair next to the product . I used it and no curls waves or even correct flattening . AND I do know how to use hair irons . This is the most amped-up talked about hair brand of hooey . One of my degrees is Marketing , and all I can say is these people did a pretty good job of making a big deal about nothing in the hair world . These products can also be bought at Sephora -- which speaks highly of this company . I wish I took it back , now I 'm stuck with it . Do yourself a favor and get a CHI CHI Nano Technology 1 inch Ceramic Flat Iron -- a real hair iron , those people do n't even need to over-advertise , their product speaks for itself .
 This is the worst `` hair iron '' I 've ever used . I originally bought it based on magazine descriptions/articles , especially the one about this hair iron being used on Jennifer Aniston 's hair , by her hairstylist , and a picture of her great hair next to the product . I used it and no curls waves or even correct flattening . AND I do know how to use hair irons . This is the most amped-up talked about hair brand of hooey . One of my degrees is Marketing , and all I can say is these people did a pretty good job of making a big deal about nothing in the hair world . These products can also be bought at Sephora -- which speaks highly of this company . I wish I took it back , now I 'm stuck with it . Do yourself a favor and get a CHI CHI Nano Technology 1 inch Ceramic Flat Iron -- a real hair iron , those people do n't even need to over-advertise , their product speaks for itself .
 am i the only one who realizes that this activator formula has been changed ??? the old formula looked more oily , smelled wonderful and was the MOST wonderful , hair softening , hair moisturizing formula on the face of this planet . and like everything else , lusters went and changed the formula . the new formula looks like watery , white grits and has this smell that i ca n't stand . i 've tried it over and over and over again and not only does it not work the same , it makes my hair thicker and more susceptible to breakage . the old formula would make your hair feel like newly permed hair , not this crap ! i am SOOOOOOOO disappointed . i 've looked in every store , every online boutique and NOBODY has it anymore . luster 's did us a GREAT disservice when they tried to make the greatest product better . GO BACK TO THE OLD FORMULA ! PLEASE !!!
 I wish I would have known before I bought this product that you could buy this from Walmart for 2 DOLLARS AND CHANGE ! This seller is ripping us off . You can buy three for the price that they are selling one . PLEASE learn from my mistake and do not buy from this seller ! The product is wonderful , and moisturizes my 4c hair very well . But I would never purchase from Beauty in Black again .
 I tried this on dry hair . I used it to moisturize one of my braid outs and it made my hair sticky . Next time I will try it on wet hair .
 This applicator is not worth the money . It 's only about 4 inches long and not of any superior quality . You can pick up one just as good if not better at your local drugstore .
 It did not come with the Optimum Oil Therapy as indicated in the picture . If it is not included then the picture should be changed immediately due to false advertising .
 Well , my wife bought this comb to detangle wet thick hair in the shower . The handle is thin and small and so it is not easy to hold and comb the thick entangled hair.It is obvious -LRB- after having used it -RRB- that a detangler needs a handle you can get a good grip on and this is not it . Sorry
 Wow , what a ripoff . The comb was definitely used although it was supposed to be new , and it had sharp , raised , seams along the inside of each ` bristle ' which are sure to rip your hair when you use it . Threw it right in the trash .
 Im doing the natural curly girl look , so I orderd this comb , one it came broke so it is very frail , second It wasnt what I was looking for to detangle my hair ...
 The prongs on this comb are cheap machine made plastic that is actually too sharp and scratchy to the touch to put through hair . Always test a new comb on your hand , and if it scratches your hand then it will cut at your hair strands damaging them . If you have short hair this would be fine because the sharpness is high up in the comb , but for mid back length heavy hair these teeth will absolutely ravage your hair . Sometimes you truly do get what you pay for so I suggest the wenn shower comb instead - it 's excellent for thick or fine hair alike and it 's extremely well made .
 Do not waster your money on this comb ! The tips of the tines are sharp and hurt my head . What a waste .
 I thought this product would be good for me - I have hair below my shoulders and get knots frequently . this product is cheap plastic with rough edges . I would not recommend .
 I did n't like this . It was n't that great for my hair , its too big and I felt it did nothing for me .
 For some reason Amazon only has a handful of detangler comb/brush choices so I decided to go ahead and order this one because it seemed to be the best choice at the time.When I was younger I remember having several &#34; detangler &#34; combs in our bathroom drawer because my younger sister and I have always had very long straight hair that tangled up , especially after bath time so instead of my mom having to chase us around to brush our hair and then we would scream like someone is trying to kill us she always used a brush and detangler combination and it worked fine!I do n't remember what age I was when my hair seemed as though it stopped getting tangled all the time but for a long time I remember not having that issue and life was GREAT.About a year ago though my hair started to frizz-up and tangle and all sorts of other weird stuff so my search started with hair treatment products , new shampoos , etc. . While I was trying to figure out what was going on I decided I would also buy new brushes and unbelievably so after so many years find a detangler brush as well ... : -LRB- For starters the detangler combs we had when I was young were tiny compared to this cumbersome thing , they were made out of different resin/plastic and the bristles were also completely different.None the less I still decided to give it a try because as all things in life you can no longer get all the awesome things we all grew up with and miss dearly almost on a daily basis!My two sense about this comb is that because its gigantic , the bristles are way too thick , the material used to make it is very cheap , and the alignment of the bristles is way off because they are so big instead of it actually detangling your hair it in fact tangles it even more than when you first started.The only reason I gave it 2 stars and not 1 is because I like the design and tortoise pattern.I would never buy this again or recommend it!PS
 Unless you just have to have this brand for what ever reason , your local drug store has same quality . Nothing special about this product .
 Use it on yourself & you 'll find out this stuff STINGS , so if you want your ferret to not fear baths , wash your own face with the shampoo ; or go with Johnson 's No More Tears shampoo & conditioner.There will NEVER be a product made by humans that will be gentler than what we make for human babies . DO N'T BELIEVE THE HYPE !
 I loved this 10 + years ago - bought it while attending college and LOVED it ! Finally decided to splurge on myself and buy it again . Ughhh ! Now it smells so cheap -- and it is not cheap perfume ... at least it was n't before . Very disappointed :-LRB- -LRB-
 I have worn this perfume for over 20 years and it is difficult to find in department stores . I ordered this in December and I immediately wondered how fresh the bottle was when I opened it . The perfume smells old to me . A lesson learned to probably only buy it from a reputable store like Saks Fifth Avenue .
 I wore Quelques Fleurs for many years and loved it . Had many compliments and converted several over . It 's been several years since I 've worn Quelques Fleurs and decided to try it again . Do n't know what 's happened , but it no longer smells the same at all ... in fact , it 's awful . I 'm returning it . So disappointed !
 I am pretty sure the fragrance I got is not original . I 've been using this perfume for a long time so I know hot it smells . This one does not smell correct .
 I have been very please always with Amazon , but this time I became very disappointed about my last order . I bought 2 On Ella parfums By Juan del Pozo for Mothers Day . Yesterday may 5th , they arrived with their boxes totally broken and without any congratulations card as required , both together wrapped with papers like bananas and I do not really know what to do.Esther Aymerich
 I like L'Oreal products and bought this to do highlights . I wanted the color in the box to touch up areas that had too much highlighting from 6 months ago . I have shoulder length hair . There is PLENTY of hair color -LRB- the ash . I bought the 6.1 version . -RRB- There is not enough highlighter ingredients to do a proper job of highlighting , probably even if you have short hair . For my shoulder length hair , I would need AT LEAST two boxes to do proper highlighting and possibly three . I 've used the `` cap '' highlighter products before and they have at least twice as much in them as this box does . I had someone helping me and she has done color and highlights before . I 'd say there was enough for possibly a quarter of my head if done properly . Since we had mixed ingredients it was too late to run and get another box so we went with what we had . We used as little as possible in the back , did n't go all the way to the ends -LRB- some highlights are still in my hair -RRB- and when we finished , the top has no highlights at all . There was barely enough to do equal highlighting on the sides of my face so that I did n't look like a dork . She used the ingredients very sparingly so there are very few highlights anywhere.The product does n't smell bad and the highlights that it did do are a nice color . The product was easy to apply , easy to clean up , there are plenty of gloves and easy to mix . But seriously . This is n't a highlighting kit . If you want highlights you 'll have to buy two or three of these or buy a separate highlighting product .
 This stuff retails for like $ 15 in the local drugstore chains like Longs and Walgreens . Who is charging $ 44 for it ? Nobody . Where does Amazon get this phoney baloney pricing ? There 's no `` savings '' here!Word to the wise
 Wow ... I do n't know what I 'm doing/did wrong . I bought this package because of all the great reviews on it . I have n't professionally colored my hair before , but am getting to the age where the grays are throwing too many parties on my head . I normally have medium to dark brown hair and had previously used a L'Oreal all over brown color to color my grays . I thought I 'd buy this set to apply highlights and lighten up my hair in spots . I bought the 6.0 and 6.1 combos because I could n't decide . Both were medium brown colors with golden highlights . I followed the directions for the highlighter and left it on for 25 minutes . NOTHING !!! The box shows very clear highlights on the woman 's head and yet , I could n't even tell where I had put the highlighter once I rinsed off the blue ! What 's the deal ???
 I was very excited to use this product . I love the L'Oreal Feria hair color line and thought this color was very pretty and the highlighting that was gon na come with it was going to make it extraordinary but , I was wrong . This color turned my hair orange . Not a bright pumpkin orange but orange none the less and the highlighting step did n't work for me at all . The mixture was way too thick that I could barely get it on my hair , not to mention get it on evenly . Once I did manage to get it on the best I could I left it on for about 30 - 45 mins and nothing . Did n't give me any sort of highlight . I had to re-color my hair with some tube color I had because it did n't look nice at all . Maybe this particular one was n't right for me but I wo n't be buying this product again .
 Looks nothing like the box - was mousey brown not even the slightest bit of red whatsoever . Had to get Ion Color Corrector to remove this color and used Ion copper blonde and that came out great ! To be fair , her hair was lightened and colored previously but the last color used was strawberry blonde which did n't come out as red as she wanted . Maybe this works well on people that have red undertones to their hair already which she does n't , so it just turned it brown .
 I used 5.1 Truffle . My natural hair is dark brown but I wanted a hint of highlights without going too drastic on the change . I followed all the steps and applied the product as instructed . First my hair turned out VERY dark . I thought maybe the highlights -LRB- next step -RRB- would tone it down . NOT ! The highlights turned orange and to make matters worse there was n't enough mix for my medium length hair . So I do n't know what they talk about that the mix is enough . Waste of money : -LRB-
 WARNING . This is a horrible color . Unfortunately , it was n't until I had this color applied in my hair that I specifically read the reviews for `` Vanilla Icing '' Dark Ash Blonde . Though there are good reviews for other colors , all the reviews for THIS color are awful . I raced into my tub and rinsed off the product early but to no avail . The color is hideous . I started with a blonde color just SLIGHTLY lighter than the photo on the box -LRB- and easily one of the three in the `` color result guide '' on the side of the box -RRB- . All I wanted to do was to slightly change the tone . I now have DARK greenish-brown hair . It does n't even SLIGHTLY resemble the color on the box -LRB- or even any natural color . -RRB- UGGG . I 'm going to run to Walgreens now and buy some kind of color eraser , and hope I can get it out . STEER AWAY FROM THIS COLOR !!!
 My hair was colored a medium blonde before coloring . I wanted a more natural color , so I chose ash thinking it would neutralize the possible reds from my hair . After the first step - applying the color only , my hair turned a lot darker , a medium brownish , no blonde at all , with a little orangey roots . I thought the highlights might help , so I applied the highlights the same day , after I let my hair dry first . It was worse . The highlights turned out orange . I 'm going to have to use a different product now , maybe a semi-permanent color to cover the orange at least , and bring the hair to one color at least.Will not buy this product again , it obviously does n't have enough lift power , and it will bring out every red you might have in your hair . Plus the ammonia smell was so strong ... It 's better to stick with salon brands , that are higher quality , especially when wanting your hair blonde .
 Where on earth is this product listed as $ 44.60 ? I have seen this product anywhere from $ 15 - $ 21.00 , butnot $ 44.60 . I think the 59 % savings listed here is hugelyinflated and makes me suspicious of the other `` savings `` offers offered by Amazon . I 'm not saving $ 26.47 on this product!Maybe , if anything one or two dollars.GET REAL !!! or I will shop elsewhere !!!
 My natural hair color is light brown and I have been dyeing it blonde or red for many years . I wanted to go back to something closer to my natural hair color but with highlights so I got the dark ash blonde/vanilla icing . The last time I had dyed it was probably about 4 months ago and was medium golden -LRB- slightly reddish -RRB- blonde.I was aiming for dark ash blonde or light ash brown . Ended up much darker than expected , medium brown , and with a greenish tint to it . Up close it looks reddish in certain parts . Little did I know , but apparently if your hair has been lightened before and you try to go darker with an ash tone you will end up with greenish brown ... Perhaps this color looks nice if you have brown hair and are trying to go lighter or if you have natural blonde hair , BUT if you are trying to go darker on already lightened hair it 's better to go with a natural or golden tone . Wish I had known this beforehand . Also to note , the developer in the box is 25 volume , which is good if you are trying to go lighter but 10 is better for going darker . This week I 've been washing it like crazy with clarifying shampoo and other stuff recommended on the internet to get hair dye to fade . Will give an update in the near future .
 The base color was good but applying the highlights was very difficult and messy . Not surprisingly , it looks awful . I am not happy ! It came out really brassy and looks very unnatural . I have highlighted my hair before with cap and hook using Clairol 's Frost and Tip and that 's what I 'll go back to for highlights . Now - I 've got to try to fix my hair .
 The boxed kit was already open when it arrived . Some components of the kit were missing altogether . Product is unusable in the condition in which it arrived , and now I learn that the item can not be returned .
 i color my own hair all the time and have never had problems . I usually love L'Oreal , but this product did not work on my hair . The streaks came out orangey and very uneven . Color washed out after 3 weeks even though it was supposed to be permanent . Very disappointed .
 I have used L'Oreal hair color for over 20 years . I was a natural blonde , but my hair became dirty blonde as I got older , and now have some gray as well . I usually use Lightest Natural Blonde in the summer , and Light Natural Blonde in winter , and have always been happy with the results . I recently used Natural Blonde Preference 9 , as I wanted to go a bit darker , but the color came out ashy and not `` natural '' looking at all.I decided to try Couleur Experte in Toasted Almond . I was looking for a warm , darker blonde with lighter highlights as the result depicted for light blonde hair on the box . I followed the directions exactly , and boy was I disappointed . I wound up instead with some sort of weird greenish , grayish , brownish color . I did n't even bother with the highlights . Will be wearing a baseball cap until my trusted hair dresser can fix me next week : -LRB-
 Usually I use Loreal Excellence Creme -LRB- light brown # 6 -RRB- , but this product did not cover the roots which are 50 % gray and very dark brown . I did like the highlighting process which was fairly easy , but the color portion just did not do as good of a job .
 Before using this product I had never A -RRB- dyed my hair before -LRB- all over color -RRB- and B -RRB- had never colored my hair myself -LRB- I have always had highlights done in a salon -RRB- . My hair color is naturally dishwater blonde and I was looking to `` freshen '' up the color and do my own blonde highlights cheaply and cover up some grays . After the first step -LRB- all over color -RRB- - I was happy with the color but it did not cover all of my grays . I had someone help me with the highlights and you could n't even tell where we were putting the bleach . After rinsing that out - ONLY my roots were bleached . Now I literally have orangish/highlighter yellow ROOTS . The rest of my hair is fine but ... fabulous . Now I have to go spend probably double than what I was trying to avoid - in a salon to fix this mess . I bought this product because all of the fabulous reviews and now I wish I would have never touched my hair : -LRB-
 I have used Couleur Experte -LRB- 5.1 -RRB- for about 8 years now . It was always great . About 6 months ago or so the formulation changed . It used to take 30 minutes , now it takes 15 minutes . You should disregard any reviews for the old formulation . I ca n't tell any difference in color - that seems fine . But over the last several months the quality of my hair has become absolutely horrible , and I do n't know what else I can blame . It 's never been like this , frizzy looking , curling out of control , dry-looking . It looks severely unconditioned , but I 'm using the same conditioner I have always used , including the conditioner that comes in the box . Has anyone else noticed this ? I really wish I could go back to the old formulation for 6 months and see , but I ca n't .
 I bought this when the price of salon highlights started going through the roof . Really thought I 'd have a better experience considering how `` easy '' it was supposed to be . Definitely hard to use , sloppy , and made weird stripes of orange appear in my hair . Maybe I 'm doing it wrong , but I consulted the color guide and according to it , I was using the right shade . I 'm going back to my hair colorist -LRB- even if I have to take out a loan -RRB- ...
 ok , looking back now , i realize that i should have had a red flag go up about how it was `` discontinued '' but hey i wanted a nice golden blonde color with highlights , seemed the perfect shade on the box . well i get it in my hair and wash it out and ITS DARK GREY . IT IS THE COLOR OF MOPS . THE COLOR OF A SOUL CRUSHING STORM CLOUD . DARK FREAKING GREY MAN . WTF . HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE . im gon na have to spend twice as much money fixing this so i can show my face and mop-hair to the world again . DO NOT BUY .
 This is a cheap counterfeit scheme . The only match is the name . Bottle and liquid are different , and ` shower gel ' smells like dish soap . I have been using the original shower gel for years and thus know what it smells like . Not from this seller . I would stay clear of them .
 When I ordered this product it was listed on Amazon as `` in stock '' - it took three weeks to arrive . The first time I used the brush the barrel was loose and I could not figure out why-until it completely came off !!! Instead of going through the hassle of returning it and waiting who knows how long for a replacement , I used Gorilla Glue to put the barrel back on the handle-and now it works fine . So ... I like the brush but it took a little effort !
 This was advertised as a Lavender shampoo , it is not . Rather , it is a blend of Lilac and Lavender with Liliac the primary scent . VERY DISAPPOINTING !! At one pint Sauve produced a lavender only shampoo and the advertising led me to believe this was the old product not the new
 Benzoyl Peroxide is benzoyl peroxide , you can get it at walmart for about $ 3.50 . The pills do not work / It 's a bunch of herbs that have no impact on acne .
 I 'm in my twenties so I was using this to get rid of minor breakouts . The pill/vitamin portion of this is bologna and the cream is just your average benzoyl peroxide you can buy in any drugstore for less , if you get the store brand . Its all the same stuff , do n't fall for this marketing ploy . I gave it Two stars because its not worthless just BS markup
 I purchased this because of all the 5 star reviews but now I feel like a fool for falling for this deal . This is just your average vanishing cream plus sugar pills . I read some of the reviews on other sites and they have some of the same exact people posting the same reviews for this product as on amazon . What I want to know is how much these people are being paid to give positive reviews for a mediocre product . If you feel like paying 10 dollars for something you could get for $ 4 at a drug store , this product is for you .
 So many positive reviews on Amazon so I had high hopes for this product . I 've been using it for the last three weeks and I 've had no improvement . My acne and skin is exactly the same since I 've started using it . Perhaps it 's my skin type but for me , this product was ineffective . The cream does a good job of drying out your skin . In fact , I think the cream is more effective then the pills were . Hopefully others have better luck with this product .
 I dont understand the great ratings . This product is like a fake proactiv , and proactiv is garbage . The cream dried and damaged my skin . The pills dont do anything , but I already take a high end multivitamin . Overall , I just dont get how it has so many positive reviews . I started using Oxy wash and that has some very favorable results .
 Product did not work , waste of money ! based on reviews i gave it a try and i was completely disappointed !
 I bought this product about a month ago hoping it would help me with my monthly breakouts but it did n't help at all if anything my complexion feels worse since using it . I used up the whole supply but still by the time I ran out of it I saw no improvement at all.Dont buy it !
 Did n't think it worked for me at all . Did not take long to get to me at all . Would recommend this for people to try , just did n't work for me .
 Did n't work for me , but a lot of products did not for me . May be good for someone with mild acne . I would say try this product and write a review back to me if its works . I truely think this is a good product for someone else , just not me . Have heard great reviews about it on the Hairlista Inc website .
 It 's nice to see that others have had success with Nature 's Cure tablets . I took the pills each day ... morning and night ... and it was if I had never taken it . I had zero improvement . The only reason I 'm giving two stars is because the product is fairly priced , it did n't make my acne worse , and when you have acne it is worth it to try out . I have had total success since with both Proactiv and University Medical 's product Acne Free . Good luck !
 I 've seen plenty of favorable reviews on this product , but it just did not do anything for me . Neither the pills or the benzoyl peroxide improved my acne at all . I used this for a total of 3 months , I made sure I gave myself enough time to really allow the medication to get into my system . In the end it turned out to be like any other OTC acne treatment for me . I suppose it 's worth a try though .
 I used for a little over a month and took as directed and it did not clear up my skin actually made me break out in places I never have before and made existing acne worse . Just be warned may not work for you the way it does for others
 I tried this product for 2 months and i have to say it didnt do anything for my acne . I am the type that breaks out when my period is about to start and using this pill did n't change a thing . I broke out just as i normally would and this last month even while using the pill was nearly the worst i 've had . I 'm sure must just be a coincidence . I am not saying this is not a good product as we have to keep in mind one thing ca n't and wo n't work for everyone as we all have different skin types . This just is n't for me and i have discontinued using this product and can not really recommend it .
 This product contains two things , as stated on the package . Pills , and a cream.The creme contains a 5 % Benzoyl Peroxide mixture , which is similar , if not exactly like , about 50 % of all acne treatments . Acne treatments work using either a 2.5 % , 5.0 % , or 10 % Benzoyl Peroxide mix , or , a Salicylic Acid mix . BP works by directly killing acne bacteria and increasing skin turnover rate , which means the pores get clogged less . Salicylic acid works by actively removing epidermis cells , which again decreases clogging of pores , as well as decreasing inflammation , since Acetylsalicylic acid is what we call Aspirin , and decreases pain and inflammation.Basically , either of those two ingredients work for scientific reasons . The cream included in the Natures Cure package contains an ingredient that works , period.The pills however , are pure insanity . Homeopathic medicine is probably the biggest medicinal fraud on Earth , even more so than magnetic bracelets or thinking that getting sick is caused by `` bad blood , '' as was thought hundreds of years ago.For those that do n't know what it is , homeopathy states that to cure something , you have to introduce into the body something that produces similar ailments . If you have a headache , you should take something that gives you a headache . So they test things . Does taking arsenic give you a headache ? It does ? Then you 'd better take some of that . Sound crazy ? You do n't know the half of it . Homeopathics think that in order for the like + like = cured effect to take place , the item must be diluted . This is what those `` 12x '' and `` 30x '' numbers mean . Here 's how dilution works for them : If you take one part of an item , say ... `` Echinacea angustifolia -LRB- cone flower -RRB- '' as is in these pills , and mix it with 9 parts water , you will have Echinacea angustifolia -LRB- cone flower -RRB- 1x . Now take one part of that mixture and mix it with 9 parts water . This is 2x . At this point , there is 1 part of the original ingredient and 99 parts water . Do it again , 3x . And again , 4x . So on . We get to Echinacea angustifolia -LRB- cone flower -RRB- 12x , which is what these pills contain . If you know math , then you have already figured out that this is 1 part Cone Flower to 10,000,000,000,000 parts water . That 's 10 trillion parts water .10 TRILLION parts water , 1 part cone flower . If they started with tablespoons , as in , 1 tablespoon cone flower and 9 tablespoons water , you would now have 1 tablespoon of cone flower in 39,062,500,000 gallons of water . This is almost as much water as the ENTIRE United States uses every day . Sprinklers , drinking water , toilets , everything across the country . If we took all that water and put a tablespoon of cone flower in it , how big of a difference would it make?Now here 's the big thing . At around 23-26x , it is doubtful that your current `` 1 part of the previous mix with 9 parts water concoction '' would contain even a single molecule from the original . Every time you mix again , you reduce that chance by 90 % . Now look at the ingredients to the pills . `` Hepar Sulfuris Calcareum -LRB- calcium sulfide -RRB- 24x , Carbo Vegetabilis -LRB- vegetable carbon -RRB- 30x , Cimifuga racemosa -LRB- black cohosh -RRB- 30x , Graphites -LRB- graphite -RRB- 30x . '' I would be willing to bet all the money I 'd ever make in my life that these pills do not contain an ATOM of the ingredients listed here.Don ' t be fooled . Like one customer said , the pills tasted like nothing . Guess why?You can buy similar creams for $ 2 . Homeopathic medicine is trash and this product is as well .
 Do not waste your money , if you have acne , go to see a Doctor . I ordered this product because I did not want to go to see a Doctor , I used the cream and the pills . My acne did not go away at all .
 While some say it worked for them , after 30 days , I saw no difference and actually developed more acne . I was hoping something natural that worked internally would be the answer , but guess I 'll continue using topical solutions
 I tried these homeopathy pills in the past . I stuck to this homeopathy routine for a whole 6 months . I never saw improvement on my skin from taking these pills . I am surprised that I stuck to this homeopathic product for a good 6 months . I think I gave this product a fair chance . This just did NOT do anything for me . This goes to show not every product works the same for everyone , but I can see it works for some people.At this point , what works the best for my skin is BC pills , vitamins and herbal tea . I started taking all that after I found out the root cause of my breakouts . My doc told me my t-levels were a little high for a female . High t-levels in a woman = hormone imbalance . If you are a woman with adult acne , get your hormones checked and find out if that is the root cause .
 This product did not work for me at all . I had only used it for a week when I noticed bumps everywhere on my face . These pills broke me out something horrible . I believe I came across something that is helping my breakouts internally . I like the fact that this course teaches you to control my acne from the inside with food , minerals , and vitamins . Acne is not a cure but if I can find something to keep the breakouts down -LRB- which I think I have -RRB- then that is good enough for me .
 that is not the list price . Go to Chanel.com and buy straight from the website . For some reason people feel like they can lie and way way way overcharge people on amazon and we assume amazon has the better prices . I love Amazon and use it often BUT Chanel is much cheaper when ordered directly from Chanel ! And you are guaranteed a closed box with the real fragrance inside !
 My daughter-in-law chose this on her list for a Christmas gift but when she received it , it was not the one she was wanting to get.It looked like the one she wanted but was not the same . Then the company was no longer with Amazon so we got stuck with the wrong cologne because I bought it early before Christmas so it had been too many months past for Amazon to do anything about it .
 The list price is not even close to correct . It 's $ 60 on the chanel website so really you are only saving $ 6 . Kinda shady if you ask me ...
 Do not buy this soap if you are looking for something with no perfume . It is in fact highly perfumed -LRB- read the ingredients list ! -RRB- I got burned by the deceptive labeling on this one ... now I have to throw out a 6-pack of this soap . I got home with this and thought it smelled perfume-y before I opened the cellophane packaging but I thought maybe it was just residual from the shelf at the store . When I did open it I was sorry ! My eyes began to sting and my sinuses swell , before I had even opened the individual boxes . Then I looked at the ingredients list and Fragrance is listed . Dumb me ... I was taken in my the lies on the main label and had n't bothered to read the ingredients . Who would think that something clearly labeled Unscented is actually Very Scented ... you can smell this stuff from across the room . My blood pressure is still up at having been taken in by this product 's false claim and the $ 5 I got ripped off for . Shame on P&G and Olay for this one !!
 I am not satisfy with this product at all . It looks good but it does not get the job done . I had to go and buy another one . I bought it to press my hair not for its look .
 I bought this product after using Rembrandt Toothpaste , Rembrandt Rinse , and Rembrant 's whitening pen . I admit to being a longtime coffee drinker , and have somewhat stained teeth , despite regular checkups . I did not want to pay big bucks for dental whitening procedures . After trying the Rembrandt products and brushing 3 times instead of twice a day , felt slight improvement , my mouth felt cleaner . Yet , wanting a bit more whitening , I looked at other whiteners . The GoSmile system caught my eye and thought it would do better , based on other reviews . . Instead , GoSmile did very little or maybe no better results-wise than the Rembrant products , which were a fraction of the cost of this kit . I think the only difference with GoSmile is that it has slightly more hydrogen peroxide than Rembrant.I am not under the illustion of getting a bright white Hollywood celeb . smile for what I paid for this , but was wanting at least a fairly noticable change from what I was using w/Rembrant . I 'd say Rembrant 's products give me maybe 1-2 shades better than using no whitening products at all , the GoSmile , probably 3 at best . One shade better I do n't think is at all worth the cost . I suppose I 'll just stick w / the Rembrant routine until or unless I 'm in a position to pay for dental treatments . The GoSmile toothpaste does make your mouth feel very , very clean and tastes great , but that 's about it , unfortunately . Moreover the toothpaste comes in awfully small travel size tubes . Kind off adds insult to injury ... No , I do n't have any interest in or work for Rembrant , but have found it the most `` effective '' for the money , but even then only nominally .
 I bought this 2 years ago and it did n't do anything . Maybe if you had n't brushed your teeth ever and smoked 5 packs of cigarettes a day while drinking iced tea , this might whiten your teeth . I 'd save and have a dentist do the job . A complete waste of money .
 This Seller does not list the ingredients so beware if you are allergic to wheat or Celiac that this product contains Wheat germ oil . This is very vexing because if they would simple list the 5-6 ingredients on the site , or state that the product contains one of the top 5 most common allergens , many people would save their time , money and the dissapointment . As I did not open the container , once I read the ingredients off the label , I can not comment on the fragrance/quality of the soap . I can say that I do have the Carrier EDT and was looking forward to this as a layering item . Carriere is , ofcourse , a high quality fragrance that is citrus , lavender based and very fresh soapy smelling . It is similar to Pure Grace by Philosophy in composition and it is a perfect ultra sheer light skin scent for daytime office/casual scent for Spring and Summer .
 The product was fine but the retailer falsely advertises . Their price is 30 % less than you can find anywhere -LRB- $ 14 -RRB- but it all makes sense when you receive the product ; half size . I will no longer patronize a company that will not advertise with transparency .
 My dermatologist sold this to me . I have a brown spot just behind my left eye . I have tried everything to get it removed . My dermatologist even spayed it with cryofreeze . It pealed in the middle but left an outline on the outside and it looks like it is coming back . I wish this would work - but so far Not !
 This stuff did n't do any changes for me and I used it for 3-4 weeks . I have discovered using hydroquinone and kojic acid products in jars is ineffective because of the air contamination . Others say it works though ? If you got some freckles you want to lose . . it did n't for me . Atleast not fast enough .
 Bought this at the start of May , paid through the nose and it never arrived ! I was swayed by the rave reviews too but stay away . PS Amazon have refused to publish this review before so unsure whether it will go through this time
 I ca n't really tell whether this product works or not because I only used it for a week and my breakout got worse but one thing I do know is it 's way too freaking expensive .
 Well I was hoping this would work on a scar I have . But sadly it did n't lighten it at all . After about 3 weeks of using it , it just irritated my skin by making it red and itchy .
 So I have black spots between my thighs and in my belly button line , I have always suffered from this . Before I tried using this cream vitamin e was helping diminish the spots but I then decided to use this bleaching cream . Although after the first time trying it , the cream did clear up the spots significantly , I kept trying it for two weeks and the darkness stayed the same . I decided to stop to see what would happen and my dark spots got darker then before !!! Please be aware before using this , I do have very sensitive skin but I am not sure why it got darker then before I started using the crean . Also now I have tried putting vitamin e and now that does n't work either !! again yeah it might clear the spots out but if you stop be aware your dark spots will be more evident then ever before !! at least in my case !
 -LRB- Purchased 2 bottles , one for my sister & one for myself -RRB- I Used this product on a blemish i have on my shoulder & on my right temple . Used it for two weeks , twice a day . Then i used it once a day for the following weeks , it did not notice a change on my blemish . Very disappointed . My sister has brown markings around her armpits . She also used this product twice a day for weeks , there was no change on her brown marks . ... again , very disappointing . I will not use or recommend this product , waste of time & money .
 the burning sensation and redness that occurred when i put this product on made me need to wash it off so i cant say if there would be any results or not . i tried it for about three days and the burning didnt lessen each time , it actually increased . how does anyone stand the burning ? i dont have very sensitive skin either but it was literally unbearable .
 I 've been using the Clairol Gray Busters numbers 88 and 89 -LRB- depending on the season -RRB- for years . I tried the new Soy 4Plex today and it is horrible . It does not gel up like the old one did , so you have color running down your face the entire time . What part of this is better ?
 I have used miss Clairol Gray Busters # 88N Light Neutral Blonde with excellent results for over 30 years . I no longer use Miss Clairol since they changed to the `` NEW IMPROVED SOYPLEX '' they claim is the same but better version of the old product . The `` new improved soy based product '' turned my hair red/orange and washed out after 3 - 4 washes . The washing out part was actually a blessing since the color was awful . I used it twice , because I thought that maybe I did something different the first time . So far I have tried Wella 8N -LRB- Light Neutral Blonde -RRB- and L'oreal 9 -LRB- Pastel Blonde -RRB- . Not bad but not as good as the old Miss Clairol formula.In my opinion Clairol should recall this product and replace it with their old reliable formula if they want their old faithful customers back . My hairdresser is having multiple complaints from her clients and she is stuck having to search for alternative brands to create the results she used to get with the old reliable Miss Clairol formula .
 In the past I have come across several imitations of Romeo Gigli and have found that the coloring of the spray handle on the bottle is a good indication of a copy . With the bottle I purchased the handle was clear with a chrome spray pump instead of Black with a distressed pump which leads me to believe that the bottle I purchased was not genuine . I have since given the full bottle away to my brother due to the difficulties of returning it for a original product and will rely on personal physical contact with sales reps to ensure a authentic product .
 Smell too muck like alcohol and dont last to long probably 1 hour at the most.Would not recommend to no one
 I 'm not sure if it was shelved for a long time or if this just really smells bad but its just awful . It smelled fine the day I got it and now barely 2 weeks later it smells rancid . I 'll be going to compare it to other department store samples to confirm what exactly is wrong . Amazon usually pulls through well and takes care of the problem , but i dont know why this cologne jus went `` bad '' in such a short time . Will be going for refund if its something wrong with this particular bottle .
 Ok , I brought this product to not only clean my face but help brighten up my old acne scars . Says it works better with a brightening topical . I am an AA woman w / normal/combination skin . My skin usually works pretty well with products and its not terribly acne prone . This product does n't lather its more of a cream you massage on the face AFTER cleansing . Yes , it left my skin soft . . but greasy in some weird way . I did not use every night . One night as I was asleep , I was awaken by this weird pinching , itching tight feeling on my forehead ! I thought I had bed bugs or some creature was attacking me in the middle of the night , subsequently it went away . However , I continued to use the product , I did n't believe it was the cleanser . . and then it happened again ! I did n't want to scratch and break my skin so I rubbed my forehead lightly . . this was crazy . By the 2nd week , I took a good look in the mirror and I had tiny scabs on my forehead . . really fine scabs in between the lines of my skin . So I grabbed a white wash rag , rubbed it and the scabs came off . Lots of them . I 've never had this happened to me before.If anyone knows what ingredient in this product causes this reaction , please reply.In all , I ca n't say I would n't recommend the product , because everyone has different reactions to certain things . It just was n't for me .
 the delivery , by the very accomplished perfect company but I comment , buy 1 Pedi , Quick Salon Pedicure Kit -LRB- New -RRB- and was really excited to see the package , but when I opened the package ... . guaoo that disappointment , for looks like a toy = ' -LRB- I 'll give a gift to my daughter , -LRB- or so ... not recommended -RRB-
 This does n't have enough power to do much . Will bogg down when you try to use it on your foot .
 Kind of rickety and not much power . There 's something called I think Soft N ' Smooth out there I liked much better and I think was cheaper . Save your money on this one .
 Hate it ... Weak product ... It practically stops when you touch your skim ... it finished the battery too fast as well ... I thought it was one be plugged into the wall , but it uses battery ... by mistake Amazon sent 2 of this product when I only asked for 1 as well . . so now I have 2 junks ... Just buy one you can plug into the wall . . you will not get the ability of going anywhere , but at least you gon na get a good torque !
 This thing is worthless ! I do n't have terrible feet by any means , but the tougher grit disc was worthless . The little motor does n't have the capability to do a very good job . It was cheap , and I got what I paid for . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 While I was extremely hopeful after reading the positive reviews about this product , I was let down where I learned it is no different then the rest of the mediocre products out there . To begin , I often where high heels at work and walk around barefoot outside , so my feet definitely get short end of the stick . I have been looking for a simple at-home product to use in-between pedicures , and had really hoped this was for me . Upon receiving the item , I immediately opened the box to try it out . I have a little foot spa for home use , so of course , I soaked my feet prior to using as directed . After the soak , I tried to use the product and instantly noticed that the spinning head was more than flimsy . I felt like it might go flying off at any moment . However , the big problem was that this little device was no match for my calloused feet . I honestly do n't think it made the tiniest difference , and when I tried to apply more pressure , it caught and quit spinning altogether . I would n't recommend this to anyone who has some serious callouses on their feet . Perhaps someone who is n't so bad off might get better use out of it , which is why I gave it two stars.PROS-CompactEast to storeIncludes two heads with different strengthsCons-Lacks ability to get tough callousesExtremely loudFlimsy head attachments
 The rotary wheel stops completely when I touch it to my skin . This product does not work and was a total waste of money . I am very disappointed .
 Does not do a very good job on my feet . Just loosens dry skin but does not take it off . Would not recommend it to anyone .
 man what a waist this one is not even worth ten dollars keep your money in your wallets tell all .
 The machine is weak . It feels cheaply made . It buffs my callus but does not get rid of it . I talked to a pharmacist and he said to use lotion and gauze pads to soften callus before use . Will try that method .
 I had to give this perfume away , it 's a little to strong for me , smells like old women perfume , back in 1970 . . To strong!tamara
 On the plus side , this is a nice mug and an ok brush . On the negative side , this is the worst shaving soap I 've ever used . It 's a shame , too , because the mug is so narrow -LRB- to fit the Porter 's soap -RRB- that it will not fit any other soap.I 've tried several brands of shaving soap , including Taylor of Old Bond Street , the generic pharmacy brand , Proraso and Colonel Konk . They all perform better than Porter 's - even the inexpensive generic from the corner store.Regardless of how hot or lukewarm the water is , or how much you use , or how hard or soft the water is , or how much time you spend lathering , this soap just does not lather . It remains weak and thin in any case . It 's also too small to fit in a normal shaving dish or mug - it will only fit the Porter 's mug . Save your money and your skin , use Taylor of Old Bond Street .
 Bought this figuring it would n't make a difference , but figured it would n't hurt to try ... I was right , it does n't make a difference . Would n't waste your money .
 This product has done nothing at all for my skin , neither for wrinkles or stretch marks , as it was supposed to . It was tan in color , which I recall someone saying it was an old shelf product . It smells a funny minty smell and tingles a bit when applied . Not a good product ; at least not the one I received . I will not be repurchasing .
 I used Strivectin several years ago and really liked it . However , my recent purchase through 101BeautyStore was less than satisfactory . The product I received was old . Strivectin turns a tanish brown color when it is old . There was no expiration date ANYWHERE on the product or the product packaging . My rating is actually for the seller and the product I received not Strivectin as a whole . I followed the proper procedures for reporting the defective product to 101BeautyStore and they never responded . I then contacted Amazon , took the proper steps and am happy to say Amazon was fantastic in refunding my money in a very professional and courteous manner . I will defintely still shop on Amazon but will not purchase from 101BeautyStore .
 Discovered that I had growths on my eyes caused from too much sun/wind exposure . The rose water did nothing to help with the problem . Eye doctor finally had to do a procedure to remove the growth . Rose water did not help.So i gave it the 3 stars as I may have expected more than I should have from the product . But the product did nothing for me .
 This products does smell like fresh roses . However , using as directed , my face and neck broke out in a rash . This products was not soothing as described , and I do not have sensitive or fair skin . Def will not be purchasing again .
 I was desperately seeking a great volumizing shampoo ; I thought I would try this well known brand and am soooo disappointed . Not only does it not volumize my hair , but I started finding more of my thinning hair in the shower drain !!! YIKES ! OJON IS THE BEST ! DO NOT waste your money on this one .
 I 'm very disappointed with this product because the picture the picture does not match the product , picture should place a thermometer and not the bath ... this make me get something wrong ... bye ...
 Suction cups are not good at all . I bought this product because of the review posted for it , but in my experience is not as good at it could be .
 I 've used this pillow for a week now , and it is very frustrating because the pillow will not stick to the tub . Either the suction cups do not work , or the sunction cups detach from the pillow . Who makes a bath pillow with detachable sunction cups ? What is the point ?
 More like 2.5 ... As a general rule of thumb , one should not approach products for spider veins and broken blood vessels looking for miraculous results . I 've yet to find a cream or serum that will eradicate them ; friends of mine with similar blemish issues have not had anymore luck than I have . So , I am trying to be as fair as possible regarding Dermal K.I have not seen a disappearance of my ruddy facial skin . I 'm not even sure if this product is for the face , body or an `` all in one , '' as there is no paperwork or packaging with the item . At any rate , my review regards use of the product on the face . While the veins have not diminished , the product does make my skin a little more supple and soft . Be careful upon facial application though , as the cream is VERY gloppy -LRB- for a lack of a better word -RRB- and you might find that it can be messy if too much is used at one time.The smell of the item is highly herbaceous . It reminds me of rosemary , thyme or some other kind of herb that I am not remembering the name of at this moment . Some might find it to have a medicinal odor.I 've read the Drew Barrymore product connections and so forth ; celebrity endorsements honestly do NOTHING for me . Call me cynical , but celebrities are paid to promote products . I also keep in mind that actresses have access to a wide range of dermatological treatments and professionals ; they do not have to disclaim as to what they 've had * done * PRIOR or after to using a `` product . '' Drew is likable and does not look plumped and cut up like the bulk of Hollywood , but she 's still a working actress . I 'd sooner go off of the reviews of honest Amazon costumers than a celebrity 's word.Anyway , the verdict is really just `` so , so . '' This is not a horrid product , but I also have very realistic expectations regarding it . Is it worth the money ? I 'm not sure . If you expect to rid the blemishes , then I 'd say NO . If you want to enhance your skin and give it some good TLC , then it 's worth a shot.The ONLY way to totally eradicate spider veins and broken blood vessels is to undergo medical treatment . Personally , I can not afford $ 500-1000 A session at the moment , so I understand why it 's more sensible to at least * try * alternatives . On the other hand , companies do feed on desperation . Just like all of the serums and creams on the market for `` dark spots , '' cosmetic companies have a field day with the fact that most of us can not afford a surgical solution . Am I suggesting that they put out products that do not work and price gouge them ? Answer
 I did n't read the Ingredients and found this product contain Mineral oil which can clog your pores . The Vitimin E it claims to have is 18th on the list . . my bad for not reading this first . Mineral oil is basically a petro oil , which is something that can make your car run in certain forms . It does not allow your skin to breath . .
 CAN NOT TELL THAT THIS PRODUCT HAS ANY AFFECT ON MY SKIN AT ALL . IHAVE USED IT NOW FOR ABOUT THREE WEEKS . IT DOES HAVE A BURNING SENSATION SO THOUGHT IT MIGHT BE DOING SOMETHING ???
 Do not order this if you think that based upon the reviews this is the product to stop sucking thumbs . I mistakenly read the reviews and did n't look at the product and was shipped nail polish
 This is the most intoxicating , fresh , and clean smell ever , BUT it does n't even last an hour . I ca n't even smell the fragrance by the time I get to work . I use the eau de toilette . When I sampled the Perfume spray , it lasted much longer , but I ca n't see spending $ 85 for a bottle of perfume . For $ 45 , the cologne spray should last as long the cheapies , do n't ya think . It breaks my heart because I do LOVE this fragrance .
 Sorry to say the fragrance does n't last more than an hour . Also , purchased the product for fresh soap or shower smell but instead it has a heavy citrus fragrance .
 I read all the reviews diligently prior to ordering this product . I received the Mavala Scientific nail hardner and followed the instructions yet the very first morning after applying the night before I had a split . Because my nails are super short and the instructions are very clear to only apply to tip , I was super careful not to `` over do '' it , making sure I only get it on the tip that I do have . So , not giving up , I filed down the split and re-applied this time using a tad bit more as I figured maybe I just was `` too '' careful and didnt get enough on -LRB- the instructions say to hold the brush their for about a few seconds/or minute to make sure it absorbs . So I did this again . Again , same thing , this time it was another nail I noticed a split . I only have two fingers that have tips so the other nails I used Trind nail balsam and nail repair -LRB- with the intention when they get long enough I will use the Mavala on the tips as I truly belived or hoped the Mavala would be best for the hardner part since it makes sense to me to not use it on the pink part of nail or cuticle area -RRB- . My nails are in horrible shape but have been very good about soaking , wrapping and `` feeding '' the cuticles for the past two weeks . These two nails had finally showed a tip so I was very excited to use this Mavala . I figured I would only use it when the other nails caught up as my cuticles were always so bad and feel that I had been going about treating my nails the wrong way by over drying them with hardners for my entire nail . Anyway , I used the Mavala hardner with the Mavala nail `` shield '' products -LRB- 2 layers of fiber solution they sell to use with the hardner to keep the rest of your nail protected between applications -RRB- . What I noticed is 1 -RRB- the nails treated with the Mavala hardner/shield products were significantly `` yellow '' compared to the the ones I used Trind .2 -RRB- The Mavala `` peeled '' off at cuticle area both times I tried it the next day . As the instructions as well as proper care tells us to continue to use moisterizers for the cuticle area so doing that caused the Mavala shiled to peel .3 -RRB- Then nail tips had splits on the Mavala after 3 times applying it each time alittle more to ensure I was doing it right .4 -RRB- The Mavala nails looked bumpy , dull and tacky compared to the Trind . I know this is not a review of the Trind but for now , the Trind is amazing . Using the Trind nail balsam under the Nail repair -LRB- which their nail repair also has Formaldyhed -RRB- there were no bumps , my cuticles looked great and so far so good , no splits or shreds at all . Also they looked `` whiter '' compared to the Mavala . The Mavala has too many coats and if you read the instructions the shield is just a `` fake '' layer to protect the nail but it peels and really donesnt do anything more than get you by . the Hardner , what a disappointment?Past reviews suggested your nails would be rock hard on the tips but mine are not that but more importantly I have since had to file those two nails down to where they are not `` no tips '' because the hardner didnt do what it was supposed too . I tried 3x ... so ca n't believe that it is this amazing product when I had splits two times in less than 3 days.I did exactly what the instructions said if anything , put alittle more -LRB- but this was only after the 3rd day still splitting -RRB- . The Trind is really nice . Easy too . You are to remove it every night with non-acetone nail remover , coat your nail with the Nail balsam -LRB- which keeps your nail and cuticles from drying out under the fomaldyne -RRB- then you use their Nail repair -LRB- which is similar to Mavala 's hardner only you put on the whole nail . The amazing thing is it is NOT drying or peeling . And the nail looks smooth and white -LRB- not yellow and tacky -RRB- . the two nails that had tips are still alittle bit there even after I filed them down after the splits occurred when I tried the Mavala ... and so far so good with the Trind nail repair . I switched those two nails to the Nail Trind -LRB- like my others -RRB- and the tips are strong and no splits.I do not recommend this Nail hardner if you have really soft nails that are super short . I watched a couple tutorials on youtube of people applying the Mavala . . all the people have super long `` claws '' where the white is very present -LRB- it doenst really show anyone that truly has weak , frail SHORT tips -RRB- . To me , if your nails are already super long and have white tips its not the Mavala as much as you have good nails.I am a perfect example though of every time I get slightly white tip it splits and my nails are paper thin from artificial nails , bad circulation and abuse for all my life -LRB- 51 years old -RRB- . Now , I am showing great results but not from the Mavala but the Trind . I recommend the Trind .
 My 2yr old daughter sucks her 2 middle fingers , I read the review and ordered it thru amazon . I applied it on her finger nails and she tried sucking it and did not like the taste , after 2-3 attempts she got used to it and started sucking her fingers again . I paid $ 14 for no use . Try some thing else for kids , it migth be useful for adults .
 This product was very disappointing . The major fragrance is that of old fashion cold cream . The lilac fragrance is intermittent . What the other frangrance is remains undetermined . The cost was beyond outrageous when you factor in the shipping charges . $ 17.00 is too much for this 8 ounce questionable body cream . This is a `` buyer beware '' review .
 I did n't care for the Nivea Eye Make Up Remover . On the container it states , '' `` Especially For Waterproof & Long Lasting Make Up . '' '' I used it to remove regular wear makeup and it took three applications . However , it had a nice creamy texture . I do n't believe I 'll be purchasing this product in the future until improvements are made . And I would n't recommend it to any friends or family .
 I did n't like this product at all ! I tried it how it said to be used on the tube but it still stung my eyes . I would n't reccommend this product to anybody . It ' a waste of money and ladies , baby oil can take off any kind of stubborn eye makeup . Just wash it off real well afterwards .
 For the $ 6 I paid , it could of worked better ... I still woke up with major racoon eyes .
 I 've liked most of the Laura Mercier products that I 've bought . Even though they 're not inexpensive , I generally think they 're worth it , so I thought I 'd try the lip treatment.There are two parts to the treatment - the green tube is an exfoliant - it has tiny rough beads -LRB- supposedly made of bamboo , I think -RRB- embedded in a thick vaseline-like substance . It works pretty well to remove some rough patches of skin or lip stain - either a lipstick that stains the lips or a red wine stain . But I would use it very infrequently and it needs to be washed off , so I would n't carry it with me in my purse.The second part of the treatment is a lip conditioner , meant to be applied after the exfoliant . It is a faintly pink-tinted scent-free vaseline-like substance . It barely colors the lips and I like it for wearing during outdoor workouts/sports . I would n't use it on a weekday , because I wear lipstick . Lipstick does not go on well over the conditioner.So to sum up , it costs over $ 30 to get the kit , and I do n't think the expense is worth the limited use that I 'll get from it . I do n't think the exfoliant is very useful . The conditioner is nice , but the color is so faint that vaseline would be almost the same at a fraction of the cost .
 I love Tom 's of Maine , but this is definitely not Tom 's best product . First of all , it smelled like Lemon Pledge , so that I did n't like it . Secondly , it made my skin feel really dried out . The dryness went away after about a minute . It was a really weird feeling . Overall , I probably would n't buy this again . The only reason I 'm giving it two stars instead of one is because it still got me clean !
 I do n't really like the product ... It 's super thick and heavy and does n't seem to do much for my hair -LRB- very , very thick , natural , curly hair -RRB- ... I 've only used it once since my purchase , do n't know if i 'm going to use it again but if I do I 'll have to thin it quite a bit ...
 This product really did n't do well with my hair . For the price it cost I expected it to do something , but it did nothing . I was trying to use other shea butter leave in conditioners just to try it out in my hair , besides the normal cantu shea butter that I usually use on my hair . Thus , my hair is like 4b through out and in only in the back of my head and front middle portions are 4a-3c hair type . Nevertheless , this product did well in those sections of my hair but didn nothing for the more cottony , thicker parts . I will not be purchasing this product again . I only tried it as an experiment . I will continue to stick with Cantu Shea Butter .
 I guess this stuff detangles fine but , for something `` natural '' , it stinks to high heaven . It has the strongest fake cherry scent I 've ever smelled . Just horrible . Had to wash my pillow cases to get rid of the super strong smell .
 I used this product immediately and the next morning I attempted to comb out my hair . As I began , I noticed something white all over my head . There was a lot of flakiness and I was horrified ! I read on one of the reviews that if you use this product with another then there will be flakiness , but I used this product alone . We all know that African Americans use a variety of products to achieve the most optimal results . This product can not be used alone due to our hair demands , and there are many other products out there that do n't flake up when used with other products . I believe that a leave-in conditioner should be able to be utilized with other products . I disposed of this product one day after use . I would not recommend that anyone use this product .
 I had high hopes for this as shea butter is so moisturizing , but it is so heavy it is unusable . Very disappointing .
 I got allergic reaction when I used Shea Moisture Organic & Aloe Thikening Growth Milk because it has Grape seed oil.Grape seed oil has so many side effects , I 'd like grape seed oil to be eliminated from the formula .
 I love Shea butter , however I am heart broken that this product did not work for me . Yes it did moisturize and detangled my curly thick hair , but at the price of having dandruff the next day . I really really wanted this product to work , but unforgivably my scalp was not having it . I have many other Shea butter items in my hair regime so I was completely surprised how I had so much dandruff with this product . -LRB- This has nothing to do with the seller . . my item came perfectly fine . -RRB-
 I was quite excited when I bought this product after reading all the reviews . I was first surprised to see how very thick it was when I put it in my hands . I rubbed it to smooth it out and put it through my hair . I did n't like it . It was still too thick and did n't glide on my hair -LRB- by the way , I have natural African hair with a keratin process -RRB- . After I let my hair dry , I did my usual flat iron routine and my hair seemed like a feather which I did n't like . I tried the product out 2 more times before I decided it was time to stop use when my hair kept getting frizzy and I was getting flyaways . I 'm not sure why this did n't work . It seemed to do nothing for my hair and worse , so I 'm gon na try another product -LRB- Wen -RRB- and see how that goes . Really wish I could have liked it but not for me at all .
 I got this for my sister who has thick and straight hair about 6 '' below shoulder level . She first used on damp hair but no improvement . Then on dry hair but never looked as expected . No smoothness . According to reviews , it should look good on thick hair but I feel her hair is worse than before after using this product . I really do not know whether the quantity she applies is not enough but she uses about 1-2 teaspoonfuls at a time and twice a week . Can anyone suggest what has gone wrong ?
 I purchased Shea Moisture Shea Butter Leave in Conditioner because a previous reviewer had stated this conditioner had worked well on her relaxed hair . While I 'm glad it worked well for her , I do n't think I 'll be sticking with this product.As many of my fellow relaxed-haired sisters know , it 's hard to maintain moisture when your hair is being exposed to harsh straitening chemicals every few months . So I was hoping this product would do the trick , especially with all the sparkling reviews . However , while I did n't have an overly negative experience , I think my search will continue for the `` perfect conditioner '' . Pros - It smells great . It 's nice and thick , covering each strand of hair.Cons - Left a residue on my hair ; residue turned gooky over time which then turned flaky and was hard to wash out . Left hair slightly stiff.Again , this product may work well for other women , it 's just not for me . Good luck ladies !
 In my opinion this leave in conditioner is way too heavy . It weights my hair down . PropVery !!! !!!! Heavy !
 I heard great reviews so I decided to try . For my hair , as well as my child 's hair , it did n't do much , if anything . Our hair actually feels very dry after using the product . We both have hair fine , curly hair .
 Different hair takes different to products . When i first received this product i was excited to try it . when i got it and tried it for the first time , i liked it . It smells like bananas and coconuts . when i put it in my hair and let it sit in my hair by the end of the day it was a bit dry . my hair just needs more moisture than others . will i purchase this again ? NO . theres more products out there that do better than what this does . i 'll continue to make my own concoctions . :-RRB- lol
 it has helped with clearing my skin a little , but it dries it out really bad and it REALLY stings when i put it on -LRB- so much so that my eyes water -RRB- .
 The item says to put the substance on your skin 2-3 times a day , so I did . After about four weeks of use ... . NOTHING !!! It could be me but I do n't recommend the product .
 My daughter is 2 and I have been trying to get her to stop sucking her thump for the longest , I would put this on her thumb , 2 minutes later her thumb is right back in her mouth , should would frown a little bit but it did not stop her frrom sucking her thumb . She has stopped sucking her thumb throughout the day but still tries to do it at bedtime to soothe herself.I began putting sucks on her hands at night to keep her from sucking her thumb .
 My 3 year old has been biting his nails for about a year . For some reason , the Mavala just does n't stop him . Ca n't quite understand why because the taste is horrible ! Usually , he puts up a fight during application but after a few hours , he 's back at it . Now I find myself searching for another product that 'll stop his nail biting .
 My daughter is nearly 5 and with kindergarten imminent , and flu season in high swing we decided it was time to help her kick her thumb sucking habit . I ordered Mavala Stop with high hopes based on the reviews . The first day it seemed like it might be the magic charm . She put her thumb in her mouth , immediately withdrew it and ran to the water fountain yelling `` disgusting '' . Great eh ? Not so much . Apparently the taste grew on her as it has n't deterred her since . It 's as though there is nothing on her nail . She does n't even mention the taste . Just happily sucks her thumb same as ever . I even took to painting it on more than once a day . Still nothing . I am disappointed as I wanted to stop the daytime thumb sucking more so even than the night time sucking . Now not sure what to try next . Good luck to others but if you 've got a determined thumb sucker this product might just be a waste of money .
 It could be that my son has a severe thumb sucking problem . I tried the stuff and it really is horrible ! Every time I made the mistake of brushing my lips against my fingers , I had this very bitter aftertaste . However , my son grimaced for the first little while , then went right on sucking . He would suck at daycare and at night ! He was so committed and persistent.Finally , we decided that we needed something more potent - the thumb guard . We shuddered as we shoveled out the $ 80 . We hope to receive it in a day or two and will review it shortly.For those of you with children who have a severe thumb sucking problem , I do not recommend this product . However , it may be worth the $ 10 or so before you upgrade to a more costly option like the thumb guard . For those of you whose children have a problem that mainly just annoys you , then this should knock it right out.Final verdict : It is nasty for sure . It does not work for committed thumb sucking children .
 This did not work for either of my two 20 month old boys . However , I must say that when I put it on my own thumb to see what it was like , I thought it tasted horrible and it lasted for days . It may just be that my boys wanted their thumbs enough to ignore the taste , but it did n't even make them flinch .
 I 've tried everything to stop my 3 year old from sucking his thumb . This got such great reviews , even a friend of mine had success with this when nothing else worked . However , it did n't even phase my son . I tried it myself and it sure would keep me from biting/sucking . YUCK . Sorry it did n't work for us .
 This product worked for the first week . But than she got used to the flavor and now she sucks on her fingers no matter how much i put on them . Now it also seems like shes defiant against it just because I put it on . She looks at me with defiance and starts sucking her fingers any way . :-LRB- The reviews were so good ... but it did n't work for me.The company I bought it through though was very efficient . It took a very short time to receive it .
 After rave reviews online and watching the success with another child -LRB- 5yr -RRB- at school , we had plans to stop our daughter 's -LRB- 3.5 yr -RRB- thumb sucking in one long weekend . Following the advise , I applied just a little to her thumbnails to start . We checked on her , and there she was fast asleep , thumb in mouth , so before nap the next day I applied a little more . She did n't nap . That night I applied a little more on both thumbs . We were wondering why she was n't waking in the night , until we found her in the morning sucking on her thumb like it was n't covered in the most bitter foul tasting nail polish ever . We told her we would take her to Chuck E Cheese if she could make it through the weekend . What do you do when your child ca n't taste in their sleep ? Can anyone taste in their sleep ? She wants to stop , but as soon as the lights are out a robot takes over her arm and guides that thing straight to her mouth . Her teeth are messed up and she ca n't pronounce the ` k ' sound . Since we 've tried band-aids , I do n't think any type of removable guard would work either .
 I had high hopes for this product based on the reviews of other users , but it did not turn out to be effective for my son 's nailbiting problem . He said it tasted bad , but not bad enough for him to keep his fingers out of his mouth . I 've tried other nail bite products that also were not effective . This one seems to have been a little more offensive than the last one we tried , but it 's not strong enough for a compulsive nail biter .
 It only worked for 1 day , then my 3yr old got used to it and started thumb sucking again .
 My 4yr old son does n't even want to stop and we have tried about everything . I read great reviews and ones that said it did n't help . Figured it was worth a try . He stopped sucking his thumb for 2 days , we applied it morning and night . Then he just did n't care and went back to sucking his thumb . I admit , when I first noticed him sucking it again , I licked his thumbnail and ICK the Mavala Stop was still on as strong as ever ... he just sucked it anyways . On to something else I guess .
 I was hopeful now that my son is 8 , this product would have worked . When he was 3 we tried it and he would just cry and lick right through it . I thought maybe now that he 's older he would n't want to suck the thumb bad enough to have that awful taste in his mouth . Unfortunately it works as well and Tabasco , Wasabi , regular nail polish , none of it works . I 'm pretty disappointed , my last resort is to have the dentist put an appliance in his mouth that will cost me 500.00 , after insurance , to hope it will work . Just worried about his teeth .
 We bought this product for our thumb-sucking daughter . For one week , we put it on , and she refrained from sucking because of its taste . The second week , the taste was n't there so she went back to thumb-sucking and is now a more obsessive thumb-sucker then before we used the product .
 My daughter hated the taste so she refused to let me put it on ! I also bought a thumb guard , what a waist ! After trying many things , I bought a kit at -LSB- ... -RSB- IT WORKED . She no longer sucks her thumb . On their website they say that there is going to be a new kit for nail biting . It 's positive reinforcement rather than negative and she had a desire to stop . She feels like such a big girl now !
 This product is not working for our 21/2 year old daughter . I put it on her tonight and she waited about 5 minutes and then put her thumb in her mouth . Has anyone had it not work ?
 It worked only on the first day and then started swolling this from the next day . . no use .
 I bought this for my son first off it did n't stop him at all . When I put it on him I also put ONE swipe on my nail to see how it worked or tasted . I understand it 's supposed to taste bad . The taste was not what I expect it . It was n't like you put her finger in your mouth you taste it . Everything your hand touches gets covered in it . With ONE swipe on my finger I tasted it for DAYS on everything . It made all my food taste bad , I could n't lick my lips or put anything in my mouth with my hands . I could see why it did n't help with thumb sucking since I could n't tell what was causing it . So there is no way a child could go , Gosh my finger tastes bad it was like Everything in the world tastes bad . My snacks , my lunch my lip , my thumb or figures . Everything ...
 I bought this for my son who is a chronic nail biter . Unfortunately it did n't work at all .
 My daughter sucked her thumb since she was born until she was 41/2 . The problem with my daughter was that she would suck her thumb in the night , so she was n't ' even conscious that she was sucking it . She kicked the habit when we bought the thumb guard . It is a device you put in the finger . It was created by a dentist . It is unfortunate amazon does n't sell it . I am not allowed to write the url in this comment so I 'm just going to tell you that if you search in google for thumb guard created by Medetal you are going to find it . Good luck !
 Our 4.5 year old is a die hard thumb sucker and it 's starting to affect his jaw . Time to step up the game from bandaids on his thumb to something more . We thought this would be fabulous based on all the reviews , but after two coats of it that were allowed to dry , he stuck his thumb back in his mouth and looked at us like `` WHAT ?? '' -LRB- Like I thought you put something on here , I do n't taste anything ! -RRB- He did n't even taste it !!?? Must be a taste buds thing , the box does say younger kids might have this problem . Still , 8 bucks wasted . Oh well , live and learn .
 I 've been a nail bitter since I was young , and I 've always wanted to stop so I bought this product . I put it on and it went on nice and clear . However , when it came time to floss , the nasty taste got in my mouth . I thought that because the nail polish was on my nails , I would still be able to floss as long as I did n't put the floss around my nails . Unfortunately , somehow the nasty taste got onto my floss ! I ca n't do without flossing at least before I go to bed , and so I had to remove the nail polish with nail polish remover and then floss . I put the Mavala Stop on my nails the next day but I had the same issue when I tried to floss . I could n't deal with it so I stopped using it . My mom wanted to try Mavala too . I did n't tell her about my flossing problem and I allowed her to try it . She also complained about the flossing problem and stopped using it after one try ! And she also said that finger foods tasted terrible because the taste go onto them as well . Since most young children do not floss , they will probably not have the flossing complaint I have . I am glad that this product has worked for so many children and adults , but I could n't deal with it . I 'll have to look for another solution . Right now I am trying willpower because I know that Mavala Stop will be too much of a problem when it comes to flossing . I bought this product for $ 11 and I am disappointed that I paid so much and now have this nail polish that did n't solve my problem . If anyone has any recommendations for me , please share .
 My 5th grade daughter bites her nails . She wanted to try this product in hopes it would help her stop biting her nails . However , she says that it does n't taste that bad , and she continues to bite her nails anyway . -LRB- I personally think it tastes awful , but I 'm not the one with a nail biting problem . -RRB-
 My 4-yr-old bites her fingernails and toenails . I bought Mavala , put it on her fingers and toes , and she goes right on biting , even 2 minutes after I apply it . It is worthless .
 We bought for our 5 year old son to help him to stop sucking his thumb and biting his nails ... it did n't work for us . He was sucking his thumb and biting his nails as before .
 Day 1 - My almost 3yr old cried when she tasted this on her thumb . It was upsetting to see her that upset and I questioned my decision to actually buy and use this stuff.Day 2 - `` I like the way this tastes . Let me put it on '' . And that was it .
 I read some reviews that made me hope this would be the cure for my 5 year old daughter from sucking her fingers . I personally think this stuff tastes nasty , but my daughter will still suck her fingers , even with this stuff on . Does n't seem to phase her . We had also tried `` Thumb '' which also did n't work . Mavala seems very similar to Thumb . We probably should have started trying this stuff when she was younger . Thumb worked for two of my other kids when they were two year olds to wean them from their binkies . It may help you , but did n't work for us : -LRB-
 I feel bad giving this a 2 star because if it were me , I would n't put my finger in my mouth with this stuff on . My 3 year old son is a thumb sucker . I am trying to stop his habit now before it messes up his teeth . I bought this stuff because of the reviews . It worked for about a week and a half . I thought it was great and recommended it to my sister in law . Right after that , he started sucking it again . I guess he got used to the awful taste . It is so bad and stays on so good that if he touched my lips with his thumb , I could taste it for a good 15 min . I would still recommend this product . It is worth the money to see if it works for you . I just wish they had different awful flavors ... . Now we use bandaids and that is working ...
 I had high hopes for this product after reading all the reviews ... my 3yr old son loves his thumbs !!! 1st it was a pain to keep him still while i waited to the stuff to dry . then he would pick it off his nails . . then he just got used to it and would suck his thumbs anyway . really bummed it did n't work ... 1st two days it worked but after that it was a no go . : - -LRB-
 This is a good idea , but my son did n't stop sucking his finger after I applied it .
 From the day my daughter was born she sucked her thumb . She is now 2 years old . The research says not to worry about your child sucking their thumb until around 5 years of age or when their adult teeth start coming in . To me that is way to late to stop her from doing this . I 've purchased this product and another one called Thum . Neither of the two worked for my daughter . Thum makes the thumb have a hot taste which my daughter enjoyed . This product , Mavala , makes the thumb have a biter taste . Before applying both products on my daughter I did them to myself . I did not like either taste . I have not a clue why it did not affect my daughter . The Mavala does stay on the thumb nail for about 2 to 3 days , which impressed me . After seeing no results from either product I moved to putting her to time out . This has worked beautifully ! It has been weeks now and no sucking of the thumb . My advice to parents with thumb suckers is to use the free methods before jumping into buying something . Try reminding them they are big boy or girl and do not need their thumb , rewarding them with a sticker and take away the sticker when they do suck thier thumb , or time out .
 My 3 year ond 's dentist reccomended this to stop thumb sucking and it did not work at all . It taste TERRIBLE !!! but he will just sit there and suck it all off . It actually made him suck his thumb more because it made him focused on it . I think the best thing is just to ignote it until he gets old enough to want to stop . He is actually doing better with this approach .
 Thought this would be a cheaper way to help our daughter stop sucking her thumb . After the first couple of nights . the flavor was n't enough to stop her . On to the next suggestion .
 I bought this item for my two daughters , one two and half and other one ... both were annoyed when i used first time on thier thumbs but after that it did not make any difference to both of them , i was disappointed that how can this could be ... . now i think there is no other thing which could stop them from thumb sucking.People have given very good reviews about this ... that 's the reason i had purchased ... it was not at all helpful for our case .
 This product was tried on a thumb sucker and a nail biter . It did not work for either.I felt terrible after using it , it made my 7 year old vomit . As for the thumb sucker , he did n't care , he just kept right on sucking his thumb . The smell of this stuff is very , very strong . If the child touches ANYTHING , the taste and smell will get on that item . If your child , for example , is going to eat a banana , they will get the taste/smell of this in their mouth/nose . When it is on , it 's hard to have their hands even near your face , it 's so disgusting . I would never put this on another child . Even as an adult , just lifting your coffee cup to your face you 'll be able to smell it , get the taste , from your hands . We ca n't recommend this for any child and will keep looking for solutions to our thumb sucker and nail biter . I was hopeful after reading the reviews , but we are deeply disappointed . This is just awful .
 I ca n't believe they do n't list a way to take the stuff off once it 's put on . I tried nail polish remover and several washings with soap . It 's now almost 10pm and my son ca n't get to sleep . He initially threw up and continues to dry heave every few minutes . Now he just wants to suck his fingers and go to sleep , but he keeps forgetting and putting them back into his mouth only to start heaving again ! There 's no way to soothe him . This should not be on the market without a remedy !
 I read all the `` great '' reviews and was hopeful this would help my -LSB- ... -RSB- daughter stop sucking her thumb . The very first night I used it , she was sucking her thumb within 2 hours . I have tried it for 4 nights and applied more each night , but it did not help . This product may be helpful for those who bite their nails , but did nothing to prevent my child from sucking her thumb .
 This product does not work . Within an hour of trying it out my 2 year old was back at sucking his thumb like there was no tomorrow . I 'm still trying to figure it out . I tried Mavala and THUMBS and both did not work . . A complete waste of money and shipping was expensive .
 I applied this product to his thumb once . He gagged everytime he put his thumb in his mouth . Then he threw up all over everything . From all the reviews I did n't know this product did this . If you do a search on Google , and type Mavala Stop vomit you will find articles on this .
 I applied mavala stop on my three year old daughter 's thumb and it did n't work for her . The first day she was a bit upset that her thumb tastes different but from next day onwards , it does not bother her at all . I tried repeated application of this product on her thumb but she is fine with it . I am wondering if this product looses its bitter taste as time goes by ?
 I followed the advice of other reviewers here after being disappointed with THUM . I received Mavala Stop for my toddler last week . And a week later , she is still sucking her fingers just as before . I have tried to eliminate the habit only because she simultaneously pulls her hair out - creating pitiful bald spots on her beautiful head . Do n't know what to do now . But Mavala definitely does n't work . Do n't waste your money and the pricey shipping cost .
 I thought this product was working and we were very excited about it . Ultimately , after a few weeks , our son just put it in his mouth even with the bad taste and so , we stopped using it thinking the chemicals were bad for him to keep putting in his mouth . Disappointing .
 This did n't work for my 2 1 \ 2 yr old . I tried it and it is nasty tasting but not for her .
 I ordered this for my 21/2 year old son for his nail bitting habbit . We put the polish on 3 times a day but no effect . He kept bitting the nails and some times he even said `` yum-yum '' ... Not working for him . .
 This product worked great for a week but my extremely determined 3 year old is now back to sucking her fingers . The product is extremely bitter -LRB- I tested on my fingers first -RRB- and an instant deterrent , however , a bit after a week my daughter got used to the taste -LRB- I did n't -RRB- and would stick her fingers in her mouth a few minutes after I applied the product . I would ask her how her fingers tasted and she replied , `` bad '' but was determined to stick her fingers in her mouth anyway . Needless to say , we are now looking for another product .
 i thought this might worked for my 10 month old because she has eczema and sucks her thumb , which sucking her thumb does n't make it easier . she just makes her skin raw and her thumb looks like its going to bleed . but i just wanted to try it and see if it might helped somewhat . but it did n't i guess the little ones are to young to care about the taste to even stop sucking . my husband tried it on his thumb to see if it worked lol , which it did . he forgot he had it on and he washed his hands several times and he could still taste it . but i guess my daughter did n't really care for the taste as long as she could suck her thumb . maybe if she was older like 3 years old i would try it again , hopefully she wont need it . but they should really state that is for children 3 and up because it didnt say on the site for what age .
 We tried this on our 3-year old and the first 2 days he did not like it at all and stopped sucking his fingers . After the second day , however , he went right back to sucking like there was nothing on his fingers . One week after , we are still putting the Mavala on his fingers but he is still sucking away . Any suggestions on other products ?
 The first time we applied the `` solution '' it worked like a charm . Our 3 year-old put her finger in her mouth and had a look of complete disgust from the taste . Her finger would n't go anywhere near her lips ! We thought we had found something that works . But after 2 or 3 applications I guess she must have grown used to the taste , because it sure does n't stop her now . I would n't be surprised if she began to chug the stuff .
 me and my husband were excited to get this product because of the wild reviews saying how strong it was . wrong . my daughter sucked the very bitter flavor off her thumb soon enough and is back to her merry thumb-sucking ways . wish us luck saving up for ortho costs years from now .
 We were really excited to hear about this product because our almost 3 year old daughter has been sucking her thumbs for about a year and a half now . She does it throughout the day and when shes tired . The reason my husband was so insistant on getting her to stop is because she keeps scratching huge gashes on the bridge of her nose and then picking the scabs and he is afraid of scarring.The Mavala worked the first day , but by the 2nd day she was sucking her thumbs again . We reapplied multiple times a day and she would get upset but then suck them anyway . Sadly , we are one of the few unsuccessful stories for this too good to be true product . : -LRB-
 Worked for the first week but no longer works . He just pushes through the flavor to bite his nails and suck his thumb . Very expensive product for a short term effect . Probably works well for adults and older motivated kids . Not effective for my 5 year old even when we painted twice a day .
 I was so excited to find this product and read all the reviews about it . We tried it on our almost 3 yr old son and unfortunately , it did n't work . He would just wait for it to dry up and his thumb was back in his mouth again . I think he 's just too stubborn . We will try again when he 's older and be able to understand better . I have n't given up yet ...
 Good idea in theory but my son cant eat any food without a fork because of the terrible taste . Not useful because of this !
 I bought this to stop my 4-year-old son from sucking his thumb . It worked like magic the first 2 days , but then I guess he got used to it , because it works for about 10 minutes after application then he 's back to sucking his thumb . It definitely tastes bad . I guess it depends how dedicated your kid is to sucking his thumb ! It 's worth a try , though .
 my child still bites her nail the taste does not bother her , it may not be for ever one with children who do n't care
 We have been applying this product to my daughter 's fingers three times a day for the last three weeks and it does not bother her at all . She still sucks her thumb and bites her nails . We are sad because were really hoping this would work , and it has not phased her at all .
 I initially reviewed this and gave it 5 stars after about a week as my 3 year old son had virtually stopped sucking his thumb about 90 % of the time . But , he quickly learned how to suck through the smell/taste and now does it all the time . So we 've stopped putting it on him and will try again in a few months . We may resort to the clear cast thing for night time . I have no idea what we 'll do for daytime if this stuff does n't work .
 We went through the entire bottle of this and my daughter is still sucking her thumb . At first she hated the taste and would suck her fingers instead . Then we put it on all of her fingernails so she started biting her fingers . We cut her of that habit before she could get addicted but somehow acquired a taste for the Mavala Stop and now sucks her thumb with or without it . I guess we 'll have to resort to something more before she causes permanent damage .
 This scent seems to have been a bit more offensive than the last one we tried , but it 's not strong enough for a dedicated nail biter . I had optomistic hopes for this product based on the reviews of other users , but it did not turn out to be effective for my daughter 's nailbiting problem . She said it tasted gross , but not bad enough for her to keep her fingers out of his mouth . I 've tried other similar products that also were not effective but maybe it is good for others .
 The polish does have a nasty taste to it , but it peels off too easily . If you are busy doing alot of cleaning -LRB- washing clothes , dishes , etc -RRB- it will NOT stay on very good !!! It did not help me kick my old habit at all . Currently searching for something else ...
 After all of the great reviews I thought for sure this would help my 9 year old son stop biting his nails . It worked for maybe a week and he was right back to it . The taste no longer bothers him - so for our family , it was a waste of time and money .
 My three year old is autistic and she has a huge problem biting her nails so I took a gander on these and decided to try them out . I gave it a taste first and it reminded me of what finger nail polish would taste like but it was pretty bad . My three year old at first did n't like the taste but a day later she became immune to it and it had no effect . I am sure this product would work for some people just not for me or my daughter . Nail biting is a habit for me and I never noticed the taste since it was such a habit I did n't think about when I did it . I have found a new method in which I chew gum a lot but I ca n't chew all the time so my system is flawed .
 In my case , this did not work for my 11 year old son . We 'd tried several other products over the years also to no avail . We 'd hoped after a few years and matured taste buds that we 'd try a nail product again . His dentists and doctors kept saying he 'd quit ` when he was ready ' but it 's too difficult now . We thought this might help . It took him one day to get used to the taste . He 's hardcore ! We 'll be moving on to the dental appliance now ...
 The first time I used it , he did n't like the taste , but within a few hours the thumb was back in the mouth . It seems my child must love the taste as he will ask me to put it on his thumb . I have come to realize my son loves to suck his thumb and will have to stop on his own terms . Unfortunately , this did not work for my son and his thumb sucking .
 I used this on my daughter -LRB- toddler -RRB- who is a very determined thumb sucker . Initially it looked like she stopped putting her thumb in her mouth , but after couple of weeks she started to put again.Now she is so used to this nail paint , she almost know when exactly to put her thumb back for sucking after the nail paint is applied.This product may be more suitable for little older kids but not for young toddlers .
 This product worked for a few days then my son must have gotten used to it because he continued to suck his thumb . . even after twice a day applications !
 I had such high hopes , but to no avail . Our 3 year-old quickly figured out how to take a suck at her thumb and then take a drink repeatedly until the mavala was sucked off and she had rinsed the taste from her mouth . So , alas , it did n't work for us . However , I 've heard great stories of success from others . Bottom line , the stuff is n't that expensive and much cheaper than other methods to get your kids to stop sucking their thumbs . It 's worth a shot . Maybe it will work for you.On a side note . The stuff DOES taste NASTY . My 3 year old -LRB- for whom this was purchased -RRB- , climbed to get the mavala stop on a shelf in the kitchen and then painted ALL of her baby sisters ' fingers -LRB- baby sister was 9 months and a finger-sucker -RRB- . We tried to get the mavala stop off of baby sister 's fingers , but she still threw-up from sucking her fingers . LESSON TO BE LEARNED
 I had high hopes that this would stop my daughter from sucking her finger . I put it on and for that day she pulled her finger out as soon as she put it in . However she discovered that if she kept drinking water it would be better . Now three days later we have continued to repply but she does n't seem to mind it anymore and thinks its a game to try and stick her fingers in my mouth . The stuff tastes bad and I do n't know how she does it but my two year old was not put off for long using this product .
 Our four year old bites the skin around her nails and her nails when she is nervous . The first time we used Mavala Stop it tasted so bad she almost threw up . The taste also got on her finger foods and made her not want to eat . We only used it once as we thought the cure was worse than what she was doing . Maybe had we continued she would have stopped putting her fingers in her mouth , but at what cost ? Making her nauseous is not worth it .
 If you wash your hands or use antibacterial stuff , it comes off so you must reapply about every other day . Worked for nail biting . Be careful with putting the lid back on -- it stuck and my husband finally got it back open with pliers . So I just do n't screw it back on completely . A bit too expensive . Will not repurchase . Found some similar stuff at Walmart for like $ 3 .
 My 2yr old daughter sucks her 2 middle fingers , I read the review and ordered it thru amazon . I applied it on her finger nails and she tried sucking it and did not like the taste , after 2-3 attempts she got used to it and started sucking her fingers again . I paid $ 14 for no use . Try some thing else for kids , it migth be useful for adults .
 My 4 year old bites her nails down to nothing . I read the reviews thinking this is my solution but was sadly mistaken !! I paint her nails every morning and by lunch the polish is off and my daughter is asking me to paint again . She actually likes the taste !! This may work on your little ones , but not mine !
 The instruction says
 I was so hopeful this was going to work after reading all the other reviews . Our 3-year old bites her fingernails and toenails until they bleed and we are worried about her health . We applied this liberally and every day -LRB- despite the claim that the product should be applied every other day -RRB- , but she would pick it off and kept on biting . We 're hopeful we 'll find something that works , but this did n't do it for us .
 This product worked for my son for a while . He stopped sucking his thumb for a day or two . Unfortunately he then decided he would just keep sucking his thumb until the stuff wore off . Also it seemed to give him diarrhea .
 I purchased this item to help ease my daughter away from her finger-sucking habit . However , when the product came , there is NO safety seal on the outside box , and NO safety seal on the bottle cap . As a result , I 'm afraid to use the product for fear of tampering or tainting . It 's shocking to me that a product aimed for finger-suckers and nail-biters , and on the box states `` An effective deterrent for adults and CHILDREN '' has absolutely no safety seals to ensure the product ca n't be tainted or tampered with , in the long line of distribution from manufacturer to consumer !!! Very disappointed .
 I tried this with my 10 year old daughter to get him to stop nail biting . She stopped . But it rubbed off her fingers on to other parts of her hand face so she ended up tasting it even if she was not biting his nails . When that happened she refused to keep using it and who could blame her .
 Purchased this for my one-year old and did not realize this is for older kids ... much older ! Beware , this staff smells like nail polish . It is very very strong ! I would highly discourage using this on smaller children ; thus , I have yet to use this . Maybe if she is 5 and still sucking her thumb : -RRB-
 I have a special needs child that continually bites his left hand . We have suspicions regarding neurological issues that fuel this compulsion . We tried this as a way to curb his hand biting in an effort to not have to resort to more drastic measures . It detered him for maybe 30 minutes ~ but that 30 minutes was filled with a HUGE meltdown after the initial taste was first discovered . While trying to restrain my son during this meltdown , I must have wiped my arm against my mouth and the taste is NASTY . I could n't get the taste out of my mouth for at least 10 hours and that is after multiple teeth brushing and mouthwashings with Listerine . My son has SUCH a compulsion he happened to develop an aquired taste for it within an hour so it did n't happen to work for us , but we have Extreme extenuating circumsances .
 Our four-year-old son has sucked his thumb since day one . We are very concerned about this and have tried various methods to get him to stop.After reading the many glowing reviews of this product on this and other websites , we decided to try it.The first thing we noticed about the product we received was that it looked and smelled like acetone or nail polish remover . Alarmed , we contacted our dentist and pediatrician , both of whom advised us that the smell comes from solvents in the product which evaporate after application and should not pose a risk . With some trepidation , we decided to try the product anyway . The next things we noticed were that the product seemed to wear off rather quickly with our son and that he was willing to put up with the residual taste at prime thumb-sucking time -LRB- such as when he was tired -RRB- . Concerned about the frequency of application required , we then contacted the FDA Center for Drug Evaluation and Research to see if they had any information about the product . The FDA informed us it has not evaluated the product for safety or efficacy and advised us to submit a MedWatch Report for possible follow-up investigation . The official who responded to our inquiry seemed concerned about the solvents and alcohol that form the main ingredients of this product.Note that the FDA official did not indicate that the product was necessarily dangerous . However , the official did seem to think that further investigation was warranted . For the record , our son does not seem to have suffered any ill effects after 4 days of use.My son was recently promoted to the `` big kids '' class at his pre-school , and we 're very anxious about the physical and social effects of his thumb-sucking . We 're as eager as anyone to find a magic bullet to fix this problem , but we have concluded that using alcohol and solvents of unknown efficacy and safety is too high a risk . Note too that because the product is made in Switzerland , holding its makers accountable for any adverse effects that might occur would be difficult . Before using this product , you may want to ask yourself whether you want your kids to be guinea pigs for the untested products of a foreign chemical company .
 We bought this for my 9 yr . old son who has Cerebral Palsy . We hoped it would discourage him from chewing on his hands . It did n't phase him a bit ! I tried it on myself and felt sure it would work for Ryan -- it really did taste nasty . He does n't bite his nails , just his hands , so it was probably not the right product for us . We 're still looking for a fix !
 I never received this item . I sent an email to the seller asking about it , and I never even received a reply . So obviously I am very unhappy with this order and would not suggest anyone else order it .
 This stuff works -- so would cutting your kids hands off . The residue of this chemical makes EVERYTHING taste terrible . If your kids eat food w / their fingers , they 'll soon starve to death . And it does not wash off . I got it on my hands and my dinner was wrecked . Fried chicken , egg rolls , crisp brocolli -- all tasted like the chemical . Peeps giving this stuff 5 stars must have worked at auschwitz .
 My 5 year old wo n't stop sucking on her index finger . . we 've tried a bunch of different products to stop thumb sucking and fingernail biting . All with little effectiveness.I ordered this and another product similar to it and I swear she LIKES the taste of it . I 've asked her if it bothers her or if is ` icky ' and she 's told me no.I 'd say that 's a failure.I wish I could say this helped at all , i 'd like to find something nice to say about it -LRB- okay , it came nicely packaged -RRB- but thats about it.I 'd turn somewhere else to find a truely effective product to stop these habits .
 This did n't work for us ... my child would just keep right on sucking that thumb without missing a beat ! We ended up getting a device at the dental office that actually helped stopped this habit . It was n't cheap -LRB- $ 200 -RRB- but it was the only thing that worked for us !
 My little 3yr bites his nails terribly , and would even go at his toenails when he 's done with his finger nails . It was easy to apply , smells horrible , tastes worse . My hubby complained about the lasting aftertaste it left . But after all that , my son still bites his nail . He did throw up from the first time he tasted it after trying to bite his nail . It deterred him for a day , but even after daily applications for a couple of weeks , he still bites his nails . So will have to find something stronger .
 My two year old daughter has been sucking the middle two fingers of her left hand since just hours after her birth . To avoid future embarassment for her and high orthodontia bills for me , I bought Mavala Stop to coat her fingers . The first night , my daughter DID keep the treated fingers out of her mouth . The next night , I found her sucking those fingers . The third night , after my daughter 's bath , I coated her fingers again . Before the Mavala had even dried , she was licking her fingers like they were popsicles ! So , it may be a great product for successful results with other customers , but Mavala Stop is not for us .
 My child started projectile vomiting after tasting this product on her nails . I have done what was stated in the manual would remove it by using nail polish remover but that did not work .
 This product does what is states it will do but I ca n't use it for my boys because it leaves too much of a shine on their nails . One student at school asked my son if he had nail polish on !?! I ca n't use it on them and need to find another product with no shine .
 I just received this yesterday with the hope that I could use it to stop my 2.5 year old 's pacifier use . Our Pediatrician suggested we use this so I thought I 'd give it a try . It arrived yesterday and I figured I better try it on myself before I give it to her to see what I should expect , but I 'm confused because it does n't really taste like anything . It just tastes like really strong fingernail polish , but not horrible or disgusting as others have posted . I do n't bite my nails , but I do occasionally put my nails in my mouth when I am bored or just sitting around and I just realized I had the nail I painted in my mouth and it really did n't have any affect on me whatsoever , it just started tasting a tiny bit bitter and that is how I remembered that it had the polish on it.I 'm not sure if I got a bad/old batch , or if different taste buds perceive the taste differently . I will update when I 've tried it on my daughter to see if she has a different reaction .
 Intially we were so excited when we got the nail polish , because of all the other reviews . This product never worked on our kid , first day she felt bitter taste but later got adjusted to taste . The money we spent is not worth at all .
 SO I saw wonderful reviews about this product . I was excited to start using it on my 5 year old . It did work for about a day . Then she trudged past the taste and kept sucking her fingers . In the mean time , she started sucking on her hair , which she never did before , now she sucks her fingers and hair . Do n't waste your money !
 Very disappointed in this product :-LRB- With all the great reviews we were really hoping it would break our 5 year old of sticking his fingers in his mouth and chewing on his fingers . However it did not . He said it does not taste that great but did not stop him from chewing and sticking his fingers in his mouth . In fact it made it even worse ! Sad i wasted $ 13.00 on this . Should have tried a cheaper product to start with ...
 I have a 5 year old who sucks his first two fingers and I was really hoping this product worked . But like other reviewers , at first he did not care for the taste , but after a day , the taste did not bother him . I put it on several times and he still continued . I am at a loss right now and really do not know what else I can do . I have tried Thum , and that too did not work -LRB- sigh -RRB- .
 This product is terrible you ca n't eat with your hands like a sandwich without hating it !!!! It only lasts for a couple days and if you do n't remember to put another application on you 'll start biting again ! Do n't waste your money !!! It would have been much nicer if it did n't spread to food and it lasted longer ... : -LRB-
 I bought this to use with my 3 and 1/2 year old son who bites his fingernails nearly all the time . It worked the first day -LRB- and that may have been more of a placebo -RRB- . We re-applied it after 2 days and I still noticed he was biting his nails , so we went to applying it every day . Still chewing incessantly . I have tasted it and do believe that it could work , but I think my son has gotten used to the bitter taste and it does n't bother him now . He still bites his nails terribly and I 've given it nearly 2 weeks . I 'm not all that impressed .
 I thought this product would work for my 21/2 year old son . My son keeps sucking his tumb and I have tried everything . This was my last thing I have not tried . I have tried several nail polish stoppers and just like the rest this did not work . Save your money and just use baby orgel .
 I applied this to my daughter and in three minutes flat she was already sucking her thumb , I asked if she hated the way her thumb tasted and she told me in was not bad ! It might work for adults who eat their finger nails , but it does not work for the kids !
 This product is not worth the money . The product does taste horrible but it doesnt last long , maybe a day depends on how much you wash your hands . I wouldnt buy it from folica . This is the second time i ordered from them and they screwed up twice . When I ordered Mavala they sent me two in differnt packages and charged me twice and twice the shipping . I refused one of the packages at the door . And was only refunded for one product but still had to pay for the shipping one both . They say they dont refund shipping . They are hard to get a hold of too . I will never order from them again .
 I bought the product for all the goods reviews I read , however it did not work as expected for my 3 yrs old girl . The product did only work during the first night , but my daughter has n't stop sucking her thumb thereafter ...
 It did not stop my 3 year old from sucking his 2 fingers , even tho he did n't like the bitter taste . Did not work
 The first couple days it was a deterrent and then the taste must not be too bad because he went right back to the biting . It says to do every other day - I did it daily and it still did n't stop him . Not sure what we are going to do ...
 Unfortunately , my child continues to suck her thumb even with a freshly-applied coat of Mavala Stop . She complains about the taste , but is n't deterred .
 Unfortunately this did not make me stop biting . It tastes horrible but once you apply it its easily transferable to EVERYTHING ! My food and especially when you 're washing your face , I hated that ! It felt like it was reminding me that I should n't bite but it was just too much to lick my lips or my girlfriend kissing me and we taste a horrible taste in our mouths that ca n't be so easily removed with water and soap . It might work for you but it surely did not work for me .
 I almost purchased this product ... I mean the reviews are stellar . It sounds like it really works and I wanted to buy it . Interestingly I did n't see reviews that questioning the safety of this product.I researched only the first ingredient , `` Ethyl Acetate , '' and here 's is just a tiny excerpt of what I found on the osha.gov website ... `` Affects on Animals
 I used this on my 8 year old daughter . She sucks on her fingers when she is watching tv . At first this product worked well and I thought I was on the road to success . Unfortunately , after about 3 days , she returned to sucking her fingers . I started applying the product on her nails every day , but it did n't stop her . She even sucked on her fingers , just a few minutes after a fresh coat of the product was applied . So , for me this did n't work .
 Well , this product was effective on our 4-year-old son . We only applied it twice . Unfortunately , it made his fingertips peel all the way down to his first knuckles ! Once we stopped using it , the fingertips healed up just fine . Do n't know if this is a common reaction , or if he just has a sensitivity to the chemical , but I definitely would n't recommend using it on small children with sensitive skin .
 This product tastes very bitter -LRB- which is a good thing -RRB- but the taste does n't go away for hours . The first time my daughter sucked on her thumb -LRB- after I applied Mavala -RRB- she was crying and spitting the whole night . I tried it too and I had a bad taste the whole night . And if my daughter dips her thumb in milk or water or any other food the whole thing gets bitter and ca n't be eaten . Not very happy with the product .
 As awful as this tastes , our daughter , who is a major thumb sucker , said `` well , not too bad '' and kept rigth on sucking . It does n't even slow her down . It does taste horrible though and does last a few days . Just did n't help habit ... at all ...
 The product tasted really really bad . My daughter hated it so much that she felt like throwing up the first time we applied it to her nails . We wanted to get rid of her finger sucking habit . Looked like it worked during the first 2 days but then she stopped worrying about the taste and started sucking her fingers more . Guess she understood we were trying to get rid of her bad habit and so started doing it more . Might be its good for older people biting finger nails but not so good for 2 year old kids .
 MY 3 year old daughter totally forgot this product was ever on her nail . And after using this product I noticed her hands are already dirty or bitter when shes putting her thumb in her mouth . I feel so stupid .
 Okay so i ordered this product hoping it would help my 2yr old and 4yr old with sucking there thumbs and bitting her nails so very disappointed because my 2yr has gotten used to the taste and now she still sucks her thumb i do n't know what to do . the first day it worked great and after that it was over just simply hopeless i guess .
 I bought this because of the positive reviews . My 3 year old sucks her thumb , and I am desperate to get her to stop . The product definitely smells bad , but my daughter just rubs it off and then sucks her thumb . I try to keep her from touching it so it has time to dry , but it does n't seem to matter . It is a deterrent at best for us . Unfortunately , I wo n't recommend it . It might be a better product for a younger child who does n't think to rub it off .
 The box says it does n't work for kids under three because of undeveloped taste buds but the online description does not -LRB- my kid is three-and-a-half -RRB- . The serum is supposed to work for two days , but 24 hours later my kid is unaffected . I tasted it and it is just like wet nail polish . Maybe this will work on her next year ... bummer .
 I was hoping from talking with people and the reviews on here that this would work for my thumb-sucking son , but it did n't even phase him . I do n't think it tasted even as bad as the stuff you buy at Walmart .
 My dentist strongly recommended this to me for my daughter at about 4-5 years old - she is now six and we are still using it to no avail -LRB- we have been trying to kick this habit since age TWO -RRB- . She said it had a 100 % success rate . Well , meet the first failure . I think maybe it did not work because we eat spicy and ethnic foods - not chicken nuggets and mac-n-cheese . Her palate can tolerate the strong taste . Either that or she is just determined to suck that thumb !! Hope it works for you .
 My son is 3 years old and is constantly sucking his thumb day and night and so I was looking for a product that would help him get rid of that habit . I bought this after reading all the rave reviews and testimonials from other people on this site who said it worked for them.But for me it made no difference whatsoever . I applied it on my son 's right thumbnail the same day we got it just before his bed time . When he first sucked his thumb right after that he was in a bit of shock at the bad taste and had to drink water and gargle it out to get the taste out of his mouth . For a second I got excited that this just might work . But , as soon as he fell asleep after about 20 mins later , his right thumb instinctively went back in to his mouth and I could hear the same thumb sucking sound he always makes when he is sucking his thumb dry . The next day I asked me and he said it does not bother him at all , he said `` look , I sucked it all from my thumb '' . I have applied it 2 more times after that day and it has had no effect , his thumb sucking continues as usual.So basically , it did not work for us and actually it is in the same category as other products such as `` THUM '' that do n't work.Something else that I found annoying was that at least THUM lists the ingredients that it contains , for this product , you have no ideal what 's inside or what it is made up of . The so called instruction sheet hardly has any details and it just one paragraph of information inside without any details about the contents.Also the product 's box was not sealed when I received it . The bottle was most likely sealed but not the box . -LRB- there is no way to tell really as it was closed tightly but did not have any seal on the lid -RRB- The top paper lid/cover had been opened and a crumpled piece of paper was stuffed inside on top of the bottle as if to protect the bottle during shipping , that is after having three layers in the packaging alredy so it made me a bit wary as to why someone would do that .
 Bought this for our 3 year old . He ended up just biting anyway and the stuff seemed to wear off quickly once that started . We 've tried is on several different occasions now over the course of a year and he still bites .
 I tried this with my 12 year old son to get him to stop nail biting . He stopped . But it rubbed off his fingers on to other parts of his hand or face so he ended up tasting it even if he was not biting his nails . When that happened he refused to keep using it .
 Yes this will keep you from chewing your nails , it will also ruin a lot of other things . I was using this to keep my son from chewing clothing , and other things . While I had it I thought I would try it because I chew my nails a bit . Then I found anything I touched and trying to make dinner was impossible . Everything tasted like this stuff , had to stop using it .
 Thus stuff tastes terrible , I give it that . But if you have a smart child , they will notice that it gleams on their fingernails . It lasted one night on my five year old 's fingers . Then he noticed the gleam , and started scratching the stuff off . It comes off like nail polish . So - complete fail for us . Maybe using it on a younger child would work , I dont know , but my 5 year old outsmarted the stuff almost immediately .
 Painted this product onto my 3yo son 's thumb and he never even flinched ! Seriously , did not make Any difference what-so-ever in his thumb sucking . Super disappointed .
 I tried this product myself before I planned to try it on my daughter 's binkie . It definitely has a strong , bitter flavor that is really terrible ! After reading the ingredients , however , I wo n't be giving it to my daughter . The first ingredient is Ethyl Acetate , and another ingredient is Isopropyl Alcohol . It recommends use for children over 3 , but it does n't sound like a good product for anyone !
 We bought this for our 6 year old daughter who was still sucking her thumb as well as biting her nails . The product smells exactly like nail polish remover which for the first application stopped our daughter from bringing her fingers any where near her nose , let alone her mouth . But after a day , she went right back to sucking her thumb even with nightly applications .
 This was for my Nephew , but he does n't seem to stop sucking his thumb?I honestly think he likes the bitter taste !!!! He sometimes does get frustrated with it at night and thats it.So in other words it may work for your kids but I wo n't but this again ... Sorry
 I was extremely hopeful this would work for my 4 year old . . But after the first application , she simply would suck for a few moments , make a face and then back to normal . . I tried everything to make this work without making her sick . . Nothing worked . : -LRB-
 I bought this after an unsuccessful attempt with Thum . I was hopeful this would work as it did for my niece . But , my 3 year old went ahead in the middle of the night and sucked his thumb even with Mavala on it . Perhaps he does n't taste it when he is asleep ?? I would not recommend if your child only sucks their thumb while sleeping .
 The effects did n't last on me or my 10 year old son -LRB- nail biting , not thumb sucking -RRB- for even a day . What a waste .
 Purchased this for my almost four year old son , who has been a thumbsucker since he was 6 months old . He was ready to stop sucking his thumb , but admitted he could n't do it on his own . After reading the reviews for Mavala Stop we thought this would be the best and most cost effective attempt at `` quitting . `` We applied the Mavala on his thumbs , and the smell was less than appetizing . We were all confident -LRB- my son included -RRB- this was going to do the trick . I will mention that he only sucks his thumb at night and during naps . Well he subconsciously put his thumb in his mouth while sleeping . Apparently the taste was so bad , he started gagging and ultimately vomited . He was hysterical , partially because this all occurred while he was half asleep . It took 15 minutes to get the taste out of his mouth after brushing his teeth/tongue twice , giving him three child size cups of water , and finally giving him a piece of chocolate . He did n't suck his thumb for about 3 days after this incident , for fear the Mavala flavor would still be there , but once he realized it was gone the thumb sucking came back full force . If his thumsucking habits were different -LRB- not during sleep -RRB- , I would absolutely use this . However , I ca n't expect him to not suck his thumb when he is sound asleep and the thumb is a constant topic of conversation , therefore constantly on his mind .
 I 've bitten my nails for as long as I can remember -LRB- I 'm in my 20s -RRB- and I really wanted to kick the habit so I bought this product a few months ago . After I got the product , I used it every day / every other day . About four finger nails had been growing pretty well -LRB- I was still biting the rest of them -RRB- but after the third week I went back to biting all of them . Even though the taste is disgusting -LRB- and my boyfriend threatened to not kiss for a significant amount of time if he could taste it on my lips -RRB- , the taste did n't bother me as much after a couple weeks . I really want my nails to grow out and I wish this could do the trick !
 this product worked for the first 30 minutes then my daughter started sucking her thumb again , i am not sure if it was her age since she was three or that she is too stubborn i would advise the product not be used on children younger than seven or eight .
 i guess we are severe nail biters ... beyond help ... because this stuff did n't work . it washed off with water and my son figured that out pretty darn quick . after that , he would just scrape it off with his teeth and proclaim that he liked the taste . i tried it myself and it honestly does n't taste that bad . i mean , it stays in your mouth for a bit but nothing unbearable . i 've been biting for 32 years ... this is n't going to work for me . it does get all over everything you touch so be careful eating .
 My kids are still sucking there finger to the point I put it on their fingers everyday and still they continued . So I would n't recommend this product .
 I 'm a bit disappointed to find out this is n't as awful as many of the reviewers made it sound . However , I do think it might be enough of a deterrent to at least make me aware that I 'm biting my nails . For me , it seems to be a subconscious habit as opposed to something I know I 'm doing . I 've been doing it for 25 + years and have half hazardously tried to stop several times to no avail.I think it 's important to note that just using the nail polish to kick the habit probably is n't going to be enough . When I was younger my parents tried all these nasty polishes and I just kept trying until the bitter taste finally subsided . I was determined to keep biting so their efforts were never enough . It 's important that the nail biter WANTS to quit . This is just a tool to help aid in reminding you to reach the goal of quitting . Using it without the true desire to stop will probably not be enough.This polish tastes similar to hand sanitizer but the chemical taste lingers for several minutes longer . A glass of water will make the taste disappear.This product IS shiny and not matte . However , after 2-3 days it will lose it 's shine . For me , the taste sticks around well after a few days primarily because I have been making a conscious effort not to bite . It 's been about a week and I think this product has helped but I still have quite a ways to go before I can say I 've kicked the habit .
 Right now I am looking for a nail-biting-deterrent polish . This polish seems to have high reviews but I would beware of this product . The product contains Methyl alcohol , which is highly toxic ! -LRB- even in small portions -RRB- I am not Look at the ingredients ! It definitely does not seem suitable for young children with developing brains!Comment away if you have some expertise to add to this!Be a consumer advocate !
 After receiving rave reviews from friends that swear by this product and the positive feedback on Amazon I decided to give it a try . I have a 5 year old son and a 3 year old daughter that are thumb suckers . I put it on after school the other day and they both did n't suck their thumbs when getting close to bedtime , so I had faith this was going to work . I put them to bed and 1 hour later my son vomitted in bed . He was still asleep and mumbling about the bad taste in his mouth . I immediately took off the product with nail polish remover and he was fine for the rest of the night . He complained the next morning it took all night to get that `` yucky '' taste out of his mouth . I checked on my daughter and she was sucking her thumb but not getting sick . I asked her the next morning if her thumb tasted bad and she said '' a little '' . I put Mavala on again that morning since she sucks her thumb all day and again after a few licks the taste was gone for her . This was my experience , maybe you will have better luck with this product but keep in mind if your child has a weak stomach Mavala is probably not for you . If your child has a strong will to keep sucking , this product will probably not work either .
 I had heard great things about Mavala STOP from many people and was so excited to try it to get our son to stop sucking his finger . As incentive , I painted some on one of my fingers and it was indeed VERY NASTY tasting . He licked his finger once and it was gross but not gross enough . He sucked it off repeatedly ! We ended up stopping its use since it 's so high in chemical content and he was basically ingesting it . Oh well .
 It does taste terrible and it was a pretty good deterrent for daytime , but we really needed something to get her through the night without sucking her thumb and this did not work . Painted it just before bedtime at 8:30 and when we checked on her at 11:30 , the thumb was firmly embedded in her mouth . She did complain of a bad taste in her mouth in the morning , but that was n't enough to stop it when she was sleeping .
 I have two boys , 7 and 2 , both thumb-suckers . At first I thought this was a miracle product , until they got used to the taste and just went back to sucking their thumbs . My 7-year-old only sucks his thumb at night , and I tried putting it on after he 'd fallen asleep , but he sucked his thumb anyway . My 2-year-old wants to suck his thumb constantly . I will apply it and it works as a deterrent for about an hour , then he just sucks his thumb anyway , so I end up having to reapply it and the cycle begins all over again . I guess I just have very stubborn children , because this stuff tastes so horrible and lingers forever in your mouth !
 I have n't noticed any changes in my skin . Actually , I seem to have had a few breakouts in the past few days . I 'm not sure if they 're from using this product or not , but as of now , I do n't see any improvement in my skin .
 I brought this product last month but I do n't like its smell and sometimes it makes my skin painful . I tried using it for one week but I can hardly see any work . I just decided to stop using it because it always makes my face painful . Maybe it 's because my skin is too sensitive .
 The number 2 ingredient in this toner is SD Alcohol which does a great job of immediately degreasing your skin , but in the long run , it will cause your oil glands to produce more oil to make up for the drying effect of the alcohol . I like that it has AHA and beta hydroxy acids , but looking for another toner without alcohol . Any suggestions ? I 've tried the Neutrogena alcohol free toner and need something a little stronger for my slightly oily , more acne prone skin .
 I was somewhat skeptical when searching for a pore refiner because I 've had a lot of flops in the past . Unfortunately , this product falls in line with all the other failed experiments . After six weeks of use , I 've seen no change in the size of my pores . However , I did notice that my skin has been less oily since I began using the product . That 's nice and all , but my chief reason for the purchase was to see the promised reduction in pore size . It just has n't happened .
 I have noticed over the last few years my pore sizes has increased . It is crazy and now it really bothers me ! I tried this along with many other products but I did not notice any difference ! If you like a toner its not a bad one pretty gentle but do n't expect no more pores !
 Have n't seen a difference in pore size . I was n't expecting to . I decided to purchase this product because the toner I usually buy was n't available . Although it did n't work regarding my pores , it does give your face an extra clean .
 I used it daily for a month . It did not reduce the size of my pores & it causes my skin to get tiny little bumps everywhere . The neutrogena salicylic acid toner does a much better job for me , but I wanted something to try & reduce pores . This just does n't do a thing for me
 I have combination skin and this dries it out to the point of being painful . I did n't notice any difference with the appearance of my pores , which are still big . I suffered for nothing .
 After using the entire bottle every day in the shower I can say that this soap did not help to clear up any body acne .
 If you want to wash your body with dyes your whole life and get cancer have fun , but these chemicals are banned in europe . this garbage should be banned everywhere .
 This product dried my skin and did not help my acne at all . I was expecting a better product from Neutrogena .
 After using , I actually had more of a problem with breakouts than before . Maybe I 'm allergic to something in the product .
 I 've been using this for about a month and it just seems to make my back worse ...
 Not working on me . Every thing on my back still the same . Hummmmm.I wo n't buy it again.Not good bought , Dispointed
 Nivea Skin Firming Moisturizer with 2xQ10 caused a major skin allergic reaction where I used it on my arms and legs . I have had to go to a dermotologist to receive medication to help counteract this reaction . Although the itching and welts have gone away I now have ugly red splotches on my skin that do n't appear to be going away . Be very careful with this product !
 I was very excited to try this product but was very disappointed with the results . I would not recommend this to anyone who has dry skin .
 I did n't see any noticeable improvement using the product as the packaging directed . It 's not as effective as products I already use , and I would n't purchase it in future .
 I did n't really like them . They stayed on well but did n't really do anything for me . I 'm glad I tried them but I do n't think I 'd ever purchase them .
 My wife has been wearing this fragrance for many years and she was not happy with this product ... she suspected that it was old stock as the fragrance smell was ` off ' and even the coloring was not quite right . I would have been better off paying full price at a department store .
 By far this is the weirdest/stinkiest organic product I have ever encountered . In a nutshell this lotion smells like baby puke , I mean baby food thrown up all over , so gross . It did n't hit me in the store but when I got back to work and slathered it all over I was n't so sure that the smile on my face wanted to remain there . My friend bought it too , I smelled her on her skin and in the tube and same thing , yuck.The moisturizing properties are meek , at their best . This is not really for mature skin , I had to reapply repeatedly and it felt my hands feeling clammy and stinking of baby food and I 'm only twenty six . I adore this line for all their other products , the shampoos are amazing and the scrub works well but this one item is not the best to sample . I would suggest testing it in the store to see if one can handle it before shelling out some bucks on it . I rarely encounter beauty products that are this bad , and this one cuts the cheese , err I mean takes the cake in this case . - Kasia S.
 The best features of Jason Natural Cosmetics Natural Hand Therapy Lavender of Provence are its pleasant scent and convenient packaging . Other than that , I did n't like it at all . When applied , it made my skin feel as if it were encased in plastic . My hands felt sweaty . Also , it left a greasy feeling . I much prefer the other hand lotions I use .
 I have used this product for years and ran out so I found it on Amazon . I see by the package that it has improved its formula . I tried it three times and it made my whole face red like sunburn and the first time it lasted about an hour and after that it lasted for at least a day and my face was sensitive for several days . I will not use this product again and am disappointed because I loved the original formula and never had issues .
 Every summer the NW atmosphere curses me with dry , tight , ugly looking skin , and this year has been the worst in memory . I picked up a bottle of Jason Hemp lotion because I do swear by hemp oil -LRB- the stuff is absolutely amazing -RRB- and because I use Jason vitamin E cream and have had no problems with it . Sadly , this lotion just was n't worth the cost . It leaves my skin greasy , which causes irritating bumps , and , for all that it has a very , very faint smell , it makes me smell funny . To clarify , my partner has not noticed the smell , so it ca n't be terribly strong ; nevertheless , I notice it , and that is bad enough.The bottom line is that I would not recommend this lotion unless your skin is flaking badly and it is the only hemp lotion available . I know I will not be buying Jason Hemp lotion again .
 Be careful with this product . We like other Jason products . In fact , we use the Rosewater bath gel and love it but this lotion is waaaaaay too strong . It sort of smells like rosewater but it 's so strong and pungent that my whole family did not enjoy it . You may , but just letting you know what we think about it .
 Few years ago I have similar lotion from the same brand , and I liked it a lot . So I did n't hesitate before buying it . However , when I finally got it I was really surprised . The lotion is different now . The smell is unbearable !!!
 It is not what they advertise , was not 100 % cocoa butter and when I tried to get a refund it took me 3 months and a lot of phone calls , I will not purchase from these people again !
 Left my hair a little greasy after washing ... Not sure any of the benefits of this product are proven , and the smell is sickening . I would not purchase again .
 I used this for the first time this morning , and it left my hair looking disgusting even after being washed twice . Will be returning this product if I still have the packing slick
 I bought these based upon the the other 2 reviews of the product claiming just how great these clippers are . This will be the third review for this product at this time . Let the reviews stop here . Stay away from these clippers . You might as well go buy 20 lottery tickets or just give your $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks to charity . These clippers do not cut cuticles . They ca n't even get into the cuticle and get under it to cut . They look cool but serve zero function if you are trying to use them for grooming . I knew this product was junk within 5 seconds . Very disappointing given the cost of these things . You can get a -LSB- ... -RSB- dollar pair at walmart that work 50 times better than this . Just a shame . People be warned , do not spend your money on this . If you do anyways maybe you will be like me and have to end up using them to cut my lines and yarn while tying fishing flies . That 's about all I can use them for and they are not impressive at that either . JUNK !!!!!
 Do not buy this product . The mitts do not hold in the heat and the bags are way too large . No refunds are allowed too .
 I did not care for this body wash sadly . The smell was okay , but I feel like for some reason it makes me break out.I would not purchase it again for myself .
 I bought this conditioner hoping that it would thicken my hair . I was sorely disappointed when I got it because it smells like pure chemicals and I didnt notice any difference . If anything I noticed more hair falling out . Do n't buy this product .
 I have fine , oily hair . This product made large amounts of my hair end up in the shower drain . I 'm not sure why , but this was a terrible product for me .
 This conditioner does not condition my hair at all . It also smells like cheap dish soap , which leads me to believe it 's not as natural as Jason products claim to be . I am getting rid of this and looking for something , anything , else .
 This conditioner has definitely made my hair softer , but it does n't appeared to have thickened it . I 'm using it in addition to the Jason shampoo which does n't appear to be working either . -LRB- See review on that product 's page -RRB- . Save your money and look for a different cruelty-free conditioner .
 Not crazy about the smell but I could have overlooked it if it worked as a conditioner . Does not detangle AT ALL and I 'm not really sure it 's doing anything for me at all .
 I bought this thinking that it would be a fab conditioner ! Instead I found that it made my hair feel bristly and not conditioned at all . I would always end up using a REAL conditioner anyways because I want my hair to feel soft . I liked the Tea Tree Oil Shampoo but I would never spend money on the conditioner again .
 The Tea Tree Oil conditioner is strong smelling and too drying for my fine hair ; perhaps on oily and thick hair it would be okay .
 This conditioner was a bit of a let down , did n't condition my hair and was actually drying to it along with the same type of shampoo . Everyone is different however !
 I used the shampoo and conditioner one time . This is an extreme clarifying product . My hair was like straw and so tangled that I had to use another conditioner before I could comb through my hair . It may be good for the scalp , but not hair . I will only use this every few weeks to get product build-up out of my hair . Actually I 'll use the shampoo only and a different hair conditioner .
 I wanted to get a shampoo that 's both mild -LRB- so I can use at least 3 times weekly -RRB- as well as good for my dry scalp problem . So I paired Jason 's Tea Tree oil shampoo and conditioner . It felt nice but did no good to my dry scalp problem . Hence I give the same 2-star rating to both the shampoo and conditioner .
 does not condition well . leaves hair tangled . feels as if nothing used to condition at all . would not purchase again . do not recommend as a purchase
 Bought this product because I heard tea tree oil was good for a dry scalp . -LRB- It was dry but not horrible . -RRB- I figured , hey , I 'll try a natural remedy out . I was using it in combination with another company 's tea tree oil shampoo . I would have bought that other company 's conditioner , but it looks like there was n't any for sale on amazon.com.This product did n't live up to expectations . Eh , my scalp felt about the same . However , my biggest issue was the cheap quality of this conditioner . I felt like I had to squirt out a whole handful of the stuff to even feel it conditioning my hair . My hair still feels a little dry even as I type.I also heard somewhere that tea tree oil does n't hold up well in conditioners . I now believe them . I can barely smell the tea tree oil in the product . The product is a waste of money.Pharmacy student disclaimer : Herbal products are usually not approved by the FDA for the uses claimed by the herbal products ' manufacturers . Use herbal products at your own risk . Contact your doctor or pharmacist if you have any questions about a certain product .
 This USED to be a great shampoo - but it has been reformulated into slimy crap that leaves my hair as limp as shampoo from the dollar store . Great product made worthless by reformulation . Sad .
 This shampoo is just overpriced detergent with a terrible stink.After reading some of the positive reviews here I took a chance and bought this stuff . I have been using it daily for over two weeks now and it stinks , performance wise and literally . I am a man with a full head of hair that is somewhat fine , and I see and feel absolutely no difference after using this shampoo . It does n't look thicker . It does n't feel thicker . It does n't style better . It performs no better than a $ 0.99 bottle of VO5 or Suave shampoo . It actuallly is worse , because unlike those shampoos , this one has a horrible smell to it . My advice , do n't waste your money on this overpriced junk . You 're better off just going to your local dollar store and buying any shampoo.I 've bought dozens of products through Amazon over the last few years and this is the first one that I hate and makes me feel like I 've been ripped off .
 I bought this shampoo hoping that it would thicken my hair . I was sorely disappointed when I got it because it smells like pure chemicals and I didnt notice any difference . If anything I noticed more hair falling out . Do n't buy this product .
 Does exactly what it supposed to do and that is wash your hair . You 'll get the same results from a bottle of Head and Shoulders . And at a quarter of the price .
 I bought this product as a natural cruelty-free alternative to Nioxin . Nioxin seemed to help my thinning hair , but it is not vegan and you need a PhD in chemistry to understand the ingredients in it . Unfortunately , I 've had no luck with this Jason product . It appears to be reversing what Nioxin did as my hair is now falling out more , something it has n't done in months . The smell of the product is very odd as well . Something &#34; natural &#34; should n't smell like a household cleaner . Lastly , this product is not cruelty-free as it claims to be . Although it may not be tested on animals , it contains lactic acid which is an animal byproduct . Vegans beware.The only plus side to this product is the quantity . I feared that the small bottle would go fast , but it is very concentrated . It takes only about a nickel sized amount to wash my hair . But since the product does n't work , the quantity is irrelevant . -LRB- &#34; There 's an old joke - um ... two elderly women are at a Catskill mountain resort , and one of 'em says , &#34; Boy , the food at this place is really terrible . &#34; The other one says , &#34; Yeah , I know ; and such small portions . &#34; -RRB- Right now this product serves only to wash my hair , not thicken it as it is warranted to do . -LRB- Not to mention , I could have saved a small fortune buying a $ 0.99 cruelty-free shampoo and conditioner at the supermarket -RRB- .
 I did n't care for this at all . Not only did I not notice any difference in the thickness of my hair , I did n't care for the way it cleaned my hair either .
 I hate this shampoo . It smells like cheap dish soap and cleans like it , taking all of the good oils out of my hair . And it seems as though more of my hair is falling out , unlike what other reviewers say . My hair has been frizzy and flat since I started using this shampoo , and it 's taken out most of my wave . I am throwing this out and looking for something new right now .
 Where to begin . First off this stuff does not spread well . I never noticed any difference in the thickness of my hair . I did in fact notice that it made it a ton easier to pull my hair out -LRB- not matter how gentle I was -RRB- when I was shampooing with this stuff ; a lot of hair came out , which is scary ! I gave up and went back to Neutrogena Shampoo and my hair stopped coming out.Side note
 I really like that this product is good for the environment , but i absolutely hate what the product did to my hair . I used the shampoo and conditioner for one week . My hair has never been so dry , stripped of all the natural oils and frizzy . My husband has been using the product as well . He prefers nioxin but is sacrificing and using up the three bottles we bought .
 Used this for many years and it was wonderful for thin or fine hair . They changed the formula and it no longer works to thicken hair . The shampoo feels like they added conditioner . Hope they bring back the old formula . Still a decent shampoo but not if you are looking to thicken your hair .
 I love the foam and how soothing it feels , I do not follow after the first poo since all the product , oils , and dirt is washed out in its first application . My only knock on the product it has way too much protein that causes my hair to tangle and knot up . That 's why the product only got 2 stars , now if you are not protein-sensitive go for it .
 This did n't do much for me . I used as instructed but my hair remained thin . Try Avalon Organics
 I was disappointed with this product as it has not really helped my itchy -LRB- non-dandruff -RRB- , dry scalp from sensitive skin , being diabetic and over-coloring . I have not found this to be any sort of real scalp therapy that works . It is a nice light shampoo , smells pretty good even though there is tea tree oil in it , but it does not work as advertised . I am now using homeopathic remedies on my itchy , dry scalp such as applying this
 I ordered what is pictured on Amazon , Jason Natural Cosmetics Shampoo , Tea Tree Oil Hair and Scalp Therapy with the bear on the blue bottle . I checked my order to make sure it was exactly that.What I got was Jason 's treatment shampoo -- also with tea tree -- in a green bottle and though it says on the front label that there is no SLS , in the list of ingredients it says sodium lauryl sulfoacetate , third ingredient.So not happy two ways , but not going to pay postage to return it . Would not buy from this vendor again . I do n't know why it is hard for a vendor to match what is ordered to what comes in the mail .
 I have seborrheic dermatitis , as well as allergies to sulfates & frangrances in shampoos & body washes . I tried this on a whim since Jason is `` natural . '' The shampoo felt good in the shower until I started itching from the scalp down . Thank God for my itch relief Curel lotion . I itched all over for 1.5 days ! I 'm , unfortunately , wary of Jason products now .
 I was recommended this product to eliminate my dandruff . The first time I used it , I used only a quarter-sized amount of the shampoo twice , and I still had my dandruff . THe next time I used the shampoo , I used more than half a dollar-sized amount , nothing . What a waste of money .
 I have smelled cat and dog shampoo that smells better than this , returned it right away , was leaking in the box too .
 I really wanted this shampoo to work . I have a dry , oily scalp . I used this shampoo for several days in hopes it would `` normalize '' my scalp . As a result , my hair was left very dry and frizzy . The worst part was that after a few days my scalp became extremely itchy and dried out . Brushing my hair produced massive amounts of dandruff . I actually started using the shampoo on my feet to cure my athletes feet . I guess the shampoo has anti-fungal properties . I would suggest using Joico Daily Care Treatment Shampoo instead . It is n't a silver bullet for my problem , but it has been the best I 've found so far .
 Read the ingredients ... . This contains phenoxyethanol which companies are now using as their substitute preservative . When kids are in the tub they ingest bathwater in the cour of playing . Phenoxyethanol is toxic when ingested
 Unfortunately , it did n't work for me . After 3 weeks using it daily , I still have the same problems . The 2 stars go to the shampoo itself .
 This shampoo does not work ! I think my scalp dryness got worse ... Do not buy this item ... The shampoo smells good but the published advertisement is not accurate . Do not get sucked in to this product .
 After trying other dandruff shampoo 's such as Head and Shoulders , Celsum Blue etc , Tea Tree oil was the next test . The ingredients looked good so I was optimistic.After looking for it in the local Walgreen 's in the shampoo isle , it was finally located in the skin care products and priced as such.Alas , after using this shampoo for a month , carefully following the instructions on the bottle , it is still snowing daily .
 This shampoo did not work for dandruff at all . It actually left the scalp even worse with a lot of build up . Using just a regular shampoo and adding tea tree oil worked so much better .
 I have a drier , itchy scalp and need Tea Tree Shampoo to aleviate this condition . I was hopeful to get away from other products -LRB- Paul Mitchell , CREW , Designer -RRB- that contained many artificial contents . Jason 's does n't work as well for me as some of these others I mentioned .
 I have dry scalp . and by seeing so many positive reviews , thought of trying this product.Its almost 2 month now , and I can not see any difference at all.It may be because of my exceptional dry scalp , but I would not recommend this product based on my experience .
 I wanted to get a shampoo that 's both mild -LRB- so I can use at least 3 times weekly -RRB- as well as good for my dry scalp problem . I got both Jason 's Tea Tree Oil Shampoo and Conditioner and I have used them 3 times weekly last few weeks . The shampoo smelled and felt right . It was mild just as I wanted . But , it did absolutely nothing to reduce my dry scalp problem . I am looking out for other products now . I understand sometimes a particular shampoo can not help some people but can do wonders for others . I still got to find my miracle cure .
 This shampoo did nothing for my severe dandruff that plain old head and shoulders could n't do . I had high expectations , but was sadly disappointed . Then again , Nizoral has been the only shampoo to work for me , but since it is SO hard to come by I have to keep my options open .
 I bought this hoping that the tea tree would help stop the dandruff and stop the flaking on my scalp ... it did n't . It also left my hair tangled after washing . Would not buy again .
 First time I used this I felt a burning on my head and neck . I washed it off right away and there was a massive rash on my head and neck . WTF ? I thought this stuff was going to be gentle . Sucks for me .
 I did not like this shampoo by Jason at all . I am drawn to a tea tree oil type of shampoo for the smell and tingling , plus I was having issues with dry scalp . I came across this product and I ordered it right away . I was disappointed . I was hoping for a better more effective product .
 The list of ingredients took me 15 minutes to read it was so long ... That being said , use something that truly is organic . The more garbage you see in shampoo the worse it is for you IMHO . What a waste of money .
 I herd a lot about this product on internet . I decided to try , but it 's not working for me as I expected .
 Contains too small amount of Tea Tree Oil to have any effect on my scalp . I read in another review a guy saying he could feel the fungus burn when this shampoo was on his scalp . I have for real scalp fungus & this shampoo did nothing to help . The shampoo smells good & leaves hair very soft but if your looking for a Tea Tree specific shampoo -LRB- like most people who buy this -RRB- I would go with Paul Mitchell Tea Tree Special shampoo , which does actually make your scalp fungus burn .
 This shampoo works as a cleanser , but it does n't smell good , leaves my hair feeling dry with a very slight filminess that will likely build up over time . I will use it occasionally to purify my scalp with tea tree oil , but I will not use it very often .
 My sister suggested I try this shampoo because it does not contain Sodium Lauryl/Laureth Sulfates , and although my hair looks fine , my scalp is now very itchy and it never was before . There must be something in it that bothers me . I 'll give her the rest of the bottle when she comes to visit . I ca n't use it .
 Ok so it was good for the first 3days until I got so itchy it was so bad for a week , until I just stoped using it . O well just have to look for something else . It smells like rosemary -LRB-
 I have oily hair and a scalp that gets itchy a day after washing . I thought itchy scalp was just something I had to live with until I tried a shampoo from Pytho that actually controlled the itching . Unfortunately that shampoo was discontinued . From then on I had went on a search for a shampoo that can tackle my itchy scalp.I tried Garnier Dandraff shampoo , Neutrogena T-Gel , Jason scalp therapy , and even some African black shampoo . None could control the itch in any reasonable degree . Neutrogena seem to perform better , while Jason performed worse than regular shampoo . Maybe the Jason shampoo was meant for dry hair?Finally tried this one called `` Head & Shoulders Clinical Strength Anti Dandruff Shampoo '' and finally I 'm back to having no itchy scalp.Of course , different shampoo works for different folks . My only advice is to try the cheaper shampoo first before moving up to ones that cost 15 or 30 dollars a bottle .
 Unfortunately , this shampoo did NOT work for me ! I went ahead and bought 2 bottles since it had a load of great reviews . I still have an itchy scalp with a few hot spots that this shampoo did nothing for after a week of daily use . I will continue using it for another week just to be sure but I 'm thinking this is n't what it is cracked up to be.Also , the scent of this shampoo is not very pleasing.I 'm very disappointed since this was not a cheap purchase .
 I typically use Burt 's Bees shampoo and love what it does for my hair , but not for my scalp -LRB- dry and itchy -RRB- . I purchased this shampoo to use on occasion to prevent the itchy scalp it seems to cause . Plus , I love the refreshing tingle of tea tree shampoos.Let me just say , I honestly felt like I was being dipped for fleas the first time I used this product . It has a horrible chemical odor ... EXACTLY like pesticide . I tried a few more times to stomach it , but just ca n't do it . Plus , you would think it would at least tingle a bit , with it smelling like Raid and all , but nope ; NADA.Also , if you are looking for a shampoo that is organic with no SLS ... READ THE LABEL ! This product is not what it is marketed to be .
 For me , this product does the opposite of what it says . My scalp itch and dandruff got 10x worse when using this shampoo . I stuck with it for 2 weeks thinking that maybe the itch was just my scalp getting used to the shampoo but I had to give up when my scalp itch became unbearable and dandruff got much worse than just using a cheap off the shelf dandruff shampoo . Maybe my skin is just sensitive to the tea tree oil or I 'm allergic to it , I do n't know
 Sorry but I have to give this product a low rating for pretending to be something it is n't . Sorry , but this stuff smells nothing like lavender . It smells like a chemical cocktail . The `` parfum '' at the end must be the part that makes it smell like chemicals , but do n't expect anything resembling the smell of Lavender . This is closer to the smell of Tide with bleach . I 'll use Jason toothpaste but their soap is n't `` clean '' .
 I like to use new shampoos for the fun of it . I bought this due to all the positive reviews it received , but after using it I would not recommend it . There are other shampoos that do the same job for less money .
 Warning to fans of Pureology -- the ingredients have changed dramatically since P & G purchased the company . The wonderful herbals are now way down on the list , and it 's now harsh and smells like a cheaper product . It also takes more shampoo to get a lather . I know this because I keep a smaller old bottle to refill from the big size . I 'm very disappointed to say
 Have used Pureology for years . Last order was a disappointment . Must wash hair daily because the product now makes my hair too oily . Check front of bottle.I looked and sure enough , it now mentions for dry hair . I would love to know if they still make the previous formula -LRB- my 2 x a week formula -RRB- .
 I was not happy with my order . The shampoo is usually expensive and I was trying to save money by ordering from your company . But when I received the shampoo , the bottle was leaking and I did not get a full bottle . I have ordered the same product from another company and have never had this kind of problem . I do n't know why it was not secured better . Thank you for your attention.Susan Redfern
 You save a bundle with these large sizes . My salon sales this for 27.00 for 10 ounces!However I no longer use these products full of typical personal care toxins!If you do n't care about ingredients then buy them on Amazon !
 Pureology itself makes great shampoo/conditioner . Although it can be a bit drying at times if that 's all you use , I find I have to switch up the shampoos every other month to prevent that . But it 's Vegan and great for your hair.But I ordered this shampoo , this very link , and got a huge bottle of conditioner instead . The labeling is very misleading it says `` shampooing '' and `` conditioning '' but it 's def a bottle of conditioner . I barely use any conditioner , this will last me more than a year . . and wasted my money : -LRB-
 I bought the giant size of this nearly two years ago , it does last a long time ! My hair is colored and highlighted and I wash it 2-3 times a week . A couple of months ago it occurred to me that my bathroom counter is crowded with about 6 or 7 different leave in conditioners and several hair masks . I do n't know if it is the shampoo or the matching conditioner that I have used along with it but these products are very drying . That said , I think they do preserve the color and it 's nice they are not tested on animals , which is a must for any product I use . When my hair dresser pointed out my hair was breaking off I had to switch .
 I used to love Pureology Hydrate shampoo and I 've been buying in in large bottles , I recently ran out and purchased another 33 oz . Well , it 's different ... that 's all I can say . My hair does n't feel as clean or light AND I loved the old fragrance -- now it just smells blah . It 's way too expensive for what it is ...
 Ugh ! I ca n't believe this gets so many positive reviews , ostensibly from people who have dry hair ... I have fluffy , dry , fly-away , curly hair . This shampoo sucks ! It seems to destroy my hair . The best solution I 've found is to use conditioner instead of shampoo , and occasionally use a TINY BIT of a certain weird shampoo from the health food store mixed with straight jojoba oil.If your hair is dry enough for you to be shopping for a `` hydrating '' shampoo , chances are , you should n't be using shampoo at all . It is one of the worst things you can do to fragile hair . I am so angry that I 've been using shampoo for so many years , destroying my hair , searching for the `` right '' shampoo , not realizing that there was no `` right '' shampoo . Even the new sulfate-free non-shampoo `` cleansers '' dry the @ # $ % out of my hair.ANYWAY . Second of all , it is GROSSLY OVER-SCENTED with the most sickening , cloying perfume , and I felt like I was drowning in it in the shower , and when I went to bed my pillow case would reek of it . I used it until it was gone because I had spent so much money on it and I was still convinced that it would help my hair over time .
 This is my absolute favorite perfume without a doubt , however what they are selling here is FAKE . I can spot a fake bottle a mile away and the second I opened this up I knew . That 's why it is so cheap . Avoid scams and spend the extra money to get the real stuff .
 Very disappointed . The perfume does not smell like it is supposed to when you spray it on . I would be the first to know how it is supposed to smell as it is the ONLY perfume I have worn for the past 3-4 years so I purchase it or receive it as a gift quite regularly . If I had to guess at the problem it is either the perfume is very old -LRB- been on the shelf for well over a year -RRB- , or they are selling knock-off perfumes . Whatever the case I am very disappointed in this purchase . It has made me rethink purchasing anything from Amazon other than kindle books , so I have not bought anything else from Amazon since . Also , I did register a complaint with Amazon to which they have not responded . The seller , who I also complained to did contact me , but never followed through in sending me my $ back or an Amazon gift card for the purchase amount . They also maintained their perfumes were 100 % real yet some of their statements regarding this matter were not in line for this product .
 I have worn Pink Sugar for over a year and love it . I bought my first bottle at Sephora and loved it , had no issues . When I first started using this bottle , I did n't suspect anything since it does smell the same to me , but I am allergic to it ! I break out in hives every time I wear it and this never happened with the bottle I bought at Sephora . Obviously something is in here that was n't in the original . I came back here to search to see if anyone else noticed anything off and there are a couple of other reviews that also say it 's fake .
 I was hoping to get something a little gentler on the eyes , as this is &#34; all natural &#34; . However , it burns my eyes . Not as bad as some makeup removers that I 've used in the past , but still ...
 These pads cause a burning sensation to my eyes and the skin around them . Generally unpleasant to use . I ca n't figure out how others did not experience this side effect , I will probably throw them away and try another brand . I do not have sensitive skin and have never had this type of reaction before .
 The cream is smooth , unscented and non-greasy . It did n't dry out my skin and it did n't cause breakouts ! -LRB- I have combination skin -RRB- I thought I had a winner ! However , after going through a complete tube , I realized that the cream did n't work . It did n't moisturize , reduce wrinkles or fade age spots . Nothing . I 've had other Alpha products and they are always excellent , this wrinkle cream just did n't work for me at all . Unless they tweak the formula , I would n't recommend .
 I 'm 35 and my skin started showing some signs of aging . After reading about the benefits of Retinol and considering the low price and good reviews on this product I bought a tube of Retinol ResQ in my local Ulta store.I first used it on my chin , then on my forehead and above the upper lip . I did n't feel any burning or irritation . Encouraged by this one night I applied a thin layer on my cheeks . The next morning my face was covered with a small red rush . It could have been clogged pores , caused by emulsifying wax in this cream . Or that was my reaction to the retinol in this cream . The rush turned hard the following days and it took over a week for it to go away.I stopped using it and switched to Neutrogena , which does n't irritate my skin , but also does n't seem to work either.I 'll try to use ResQ during my summer break , when I do n't have to go to work : -RRB-
 I bought this product based solely upon the reviews I read here . Usually Amazon reviews are an excellent gauge by which to measure the quality of a product . But in this case , I have to wonder if these glowing reviews were written by the people who sell this stuff . I have been using this for a while now and have noticed ... absolutely nothing . . I may as well be putting baby lotion on my face . I have used the prescription retinol at the same strength and noticed a big difference when using that . So keep in mind , just because a product contains the `` same '' amount of an ingredient , does n't mean it works just as well . It could be an ineffective delivery to the cells , or the compound prevents it from being absorbed , etc. . Think in terms of eggs
 I really wanted to like this product , but to no avail.Last night I applied the Jason eye cream and within 15min my eyes were on fire . It felt as if I had rubbed in chilly oil . I immediately washed my eyes but the damage was done . Two RED , PUFFY eyes . This morning I had to go to work , and it 's my birthday thank you , with red , puffy eyes that has started to flake and peel too . I guess I will be enjoying my birthday party tonight in a Halloween costume.I understand the people react differently to cosmetic products , but how a product marketed as
 I thought I was getting `` Premium Quality Cotton Buds '' , a trademarked brand I had used before and liked because the ends do not unravel.I use the swabs around my eyes and the kind that unravel are ineffective and uncomfortable to use.What I received is something called `` Preferred Plus Cotton Swabs '' The tips unravel and now I have one opened box and three unopened boxes I do n't want . Now it 's too late to return them .
 This product was old and discolored . I have purchased this product before from a different seller and had no problems .
 Please read the ingredient list before even considering this product . It is loaded with artificial chemicals and preserved with parabens , the long term safety of which is still under study by the FDA and others . There are Dragon 's Blood lotions available -LRB- mostly from handcrafters -RRB- which are made from natural , food grade oils and butters instead of cheap junk such as mineral oil , and are free of alcohol and other such ingredients . Remember , your skin is the largest organ of your body . If you would n't eat something , why would you allow it to be absorbed through your skin ?
 There is not one single ingredient listed on the label that is a component of authentic Dragon 's Blood lotion . This is a ripoff.After a reply from Escential , it seems that customers who enter a search for ` Dragon 's Blood lotion ' at Amazon.com and are routed to ` Escential Dragon 's Blood Vitamin AD&E ; Moisturizing Lotion ' are expected to conclude that this product only contains a Dragon 's Blood SCENT . It 's not the real deal as their title implies . Escential received an overwhelming number of orders due to the Dr. Oz Show reference to Dragon 's Blood Lotion , without a doubt believing that Escential Dragon 's Blood Vitamin AD&E ; Moisturizing Lotion because that 's shown as its description . If ` scent ' had been interjected in that title , customers would be clear that it 's not Dragon 's Blood Lotion and I doubt Escential would have received any orders because of Dr. Oz 's show . I wonder how many others feel misled because of this discrepancy.Escential wrote : `` We are not affiliated with Dr. Oz . We simply received an unexpected influx in orders because of a reference on his show to a product that we happen to offer on our Amazon site . '' So they believe their scented stuff is what Dr. Oz was recommending and went ahead and filled all kinds of orders ?
 I just got this cream , used it and it seems nice . In 0.5 oz for eye cream it will last a while , however I dont feel so about the packaging . The top on this $ 65 item is absolutely disgusting and very cheaply made ! Not looking forward to use it everyday now . If I take the top off it cant make up its mind whether other parts should come with it or not ... Looks more like Dollar store item , makes me wonder about the ingredients within ...
 Although this baby lotion worked fine for moisturizing my 17-month-old daughter 's skin , I found that I really did n't care for the scent at all . It was slightly medicinal , not what I typically think of when I think '' `` baby lotion . '' '' I much prefer the soft baby smell of the more popular brands on the market . Plus I think it 's rather expensive for not really doing anything extra in the way of helping keep my daughter 's skin soft and fresh smelling . I probably would n't buy this or recommend it to friends or family .
 This product was very disappointing . The major fragrance is that of old fashion cold cream . The lilac fragrance is intermittent . What the other frangrance is remains undetermined . The cost was beyond outrageous when you factor in the shipping charges . $ 17.00 is too much for this 8 ounce questionable body cream . This is a `` buyer beware '' review .
 I was very surprised to find that this mascara was clumpy , gooey and sticky upon arrival . It gummed up my lashes but GOOD.Perhaps it was this particular type or perhaps the dealer had kept it too long and it was too old , I do n't know.Caveat emptor , is all I can say . I went with Almay instead . Works great .
 I had used Kenra Moisturizing shampoo and conditioner that belonged to a friend , and I absolutely loved it . The REAL stuff is great . However , I suspect that this Amazon-sold Kenra has been tampered with , because after using most of the bottle of both the shampoo and conditioner - my hair is more dry than it was before use . I bought new products today , and am throwing this product out ! I do n't recommend ordering your Kenra Moisturizing shampoo from Amazon , this seller in particular .
 I received this for Christmas this year . The presentation is super cute , but the fragrances is -- well -- lackluster . It did n't fizz too much and I did n't care of this pineish scent at all . I gave it two stars since I did like the the gift tin it arrived in and the overall design , but I 'll stick to my favorite Haute Tub bath bombs on my next purchase .
 This is by far the worst scent I 've ever smelled in my entire life ! Imagine a bottle of cheap cologne lost in time -LRB- let 's say like 100 years -RRB- and recently opened . That would be it ! My mother absolutely loves it and I get nauseated every time I get near . Horrible smell , something an old person would use .
 I bought this item based on good reviews and now I 'm regretting it ! When am I going to learn to stop buying perfumes based on other people 's opinions !??? I mean honestly the first thing I thought of , when I sprayed this perfume on is powder ! It smells like you 're in a makeup room where you powder your nose . Also this scent is more of a grandma scent in my honest opinion . I 'm 19 years old and that 's what I think of with this perfume . I think it 's a bit too strong and mature for younger girls . I do n't think guys will be attracted to the scent -LRB- At least not in my age group -RRB- . This is my honest opinion and I hope I can help someone from spending their money and regretting it -LRB- like me -RRB- . From now on I 'm just going to buy perfumes at stores AFTER I smell them . Lesson well learned !!!
 Bought this for my wife and thought the fragrance that lasts only 30 minutes was normal , until she bought one from a department store . The store bought fragrance lasted for hours and hours.My experience with this product bought from Amazon does not reflect the usual high quality of its products . I do not recommend this product at all .
 I got this as a graduation gift from my mom 's friend whos in her 90 's . She knew I liked Elizabeth Taylor 's Gardenia perfume , so I imagine she thought I would like this one . While it does smell nice it 's very strong and old lady smelling . It has a very old fashioned smell to it and its embarassing to wear if you are 18 years old . . If you are younger than 40 do n't buy this even 40 's might find it a little too old school smelling ...
 I LOVE THIS PERFUME AND HAVE BEEN WEARING IT FOR OVER 20 YRS , SO WHEN I SAW IT ONLINE I KNOW IT WAS A MUST HAVE . I ORDERED AND I WAITED AND WAITED FOR IT TO BE DELIVERED AND WHEN I FINALLY GOT IT , THE WAS HARLDY ANYTHING IN THE BOTTLE I GUESS IT EVAPORATED OUT , SO I EMAILED THE COMPANY AND IT WAS REPALCED AND BELIEVE IT OR NOT THE SECOND BOTTLE CAME WITH ALMOST HALF IN THE BOTTLE AS WELL , SO I DECIDED THAT 'S IT I WILL TAKE THE LOSS BUT I WILL NEVER EVER ORDER ONLINE AGAIN I 'LL JUST GO GET IT AT THE STORE SINCE THAT IS WHAT I AM USED ... I BOUGHT IT BECAUSE I NEEDED IT AND TODATE I STILL HAVE N'T GOTTEN WHAT I PAID FOR ...
 Back years ago this scent was somewhat ok , I remember having a small bottle of it someone gave me.I thought I would enjoy it again so asked for it as a gift.I was wrong.It was heavy and gave me somewhat of a headache.It 's to old lady like.And very musky.I would n't recommend this scent.I sold it on ebay.I have noticed yellow or golden colors of perfume are too strong and musky .
 I have used a lot of skin care products . My doctors office recommended this product . I had ran out of my Obagi so I thougtht I would try something new . It is oily , thick on the skin , does n't go well with make up and feels heavy . My pores even look bigger . I am going back to Obagi .
 I read all the reviews on this product so decided to try it as a leave-in . I am convinced the people that write these reviews see what they want to see instead of evaluating honestly.This product did nothing more than under quality drugstore brands . In fact , my hair was softer and combed out better BEFORE I put this product on.When I went to dry my hair it snagged and was not any noticeably softer . My plan is to eliminate this step next wash.This product is a waste of money and do n't believe the hype .
 I HAD A SAMPLE OF THIS PRODUCT FROM MY STYLIST . . AND WHEN I GOT THIS FROM AMAZON I FELT THAT IT WAS NOT THE SAME PRODUCT ... TOTALLY DIFFERENT . .
 it wipes off so easily that it does n't pay to take the time to even put it on .
 The product you get is not the goldish bottle which people whom buy womenswear know that this item -LRB- bottle -RRB- is the largest bottle you can order . UNFORTUNATELY I did n't notice the oz on the site , I notice the bottle . It does not show the itty bitty green bottle that is the size of a quarter!The COLOR IS GREEN NOT GOLD . THe little green one is just a splash of perfume -LRB- or shall I say a tease -RRB- of the product , and the way you show it on the site for sale is WRONG and VERY misleading and verydisappointing . I truly would like a call back from your CS dept. because I cant seem to get anywhere online!A very disappointed customer ! The product by far is a 5-10 star but their deceiving the customers by the visual color bottle shown ! Lori19672001@yahoo.com
 Having used Bumble and Bumble products exclusively for at least 5 years , I was stunned when I opened the bottle of conditioner I purchased from Amazon . It was both ` fowl smelling and irritating to skin ' as described by a previous reviewer . When I spoke with customer service they advised that the product was backordered but offered to send a replacement when it became available . When I inquired about returning the ` counterfeit ' version , I was instructed to ` throw it away ' . Although I questioned this , I was assured it would not be necessary to return the original order . Being cautious , I did not follow these instructions , but put the bottle away until the replacement was sent . Upon receiving notification that the replacement had been sent , I received instructions on how to return the tainted product with a notice that unless the original was received , my credit card would be billed for the replacement.As soon as this is settled , I intend to sever my relationship with Amazon . Counterfeit products along with poor customer service is a bad combination .
 I have been using this conditioner for years including a few bottles I 've purchased from Amazon and directly from Bumble and Bumble . The last bottle I got from amazon smelled like nail polish and burned my skin . Clearly a counterfeit version has ended up in their supply chain .
 I have used this product for years and the item sent from amazon is clearly counterfeit . I was overcome by the smell , burnt plastic is a good description , when I used it . I still had some from my previous bottle and there is absolutely no doubt that the item sent is counterfeit .
 I 've tried BB seaweed shampoo and conditioner before and I loved it . It 's great at keeping my hair clean , tamed and not frizzy . However , this is my first time purchasing the shampoo and conditioner from amazon and I 'm very disappointed for various reasons . The packaging is weak . The pump is taped down to the cap and there is conditioner all over the brim of the bottle which seems like its been used before . Also , It has this awful plastic odor that is n't normal . I exchanged it for another one hoping it was just a manufacture error but the second bottle had the same exact problems .
 Today I purchased this product at an authorized Bumble & bumble . salon . I compared it to what I had left of the one I ordered from Amazon.com :1 . It smells completely different . The one from Amazon.com does smell of a harsh chemical and plastic .2 . The feel of your hair after using it is completely different . The one from the salon is how it should feel , very tangle free hair . The one from Amazon.com is , well , I do n't know what 's in it.Highly recommend you do not purchase through amazon.com .
 I have a lot of hair , and typically love a thick and rich conditioner that leaves my hair silky feeling . This conditioner did n't smell foul , it smelled fresh and nice . I thought the consistency was very thin - seemed watered down , even . I have to use twice as much as usual to get all of my hair , which is the most disappointing part . However , the product did make my hair feel soft . I 'm going to try a small container from the BB website and see if there 's a difference . I 'll let you know ...
 Wierd handle angle and the bristles are super hard . Good price though . Sorry i bought two . Will give to a friend .
 The first time I bought this model it wored pretty well and I had no problems with it , but it died in about a year . Then , I guess Vidal Sassoon decided to make crapola products since I bought a black VS straightner thinking it would work well but that was HORRIBLE ! So then I decided to buy this model again since it did me so well the first time . BAD IDEA . It gets hot and fries your hair to the max but does n't straighten worth crap . I bet I could straighten better with my breath ! Unless you want to fry your hair and get nothing out of it , I suggest you start looking at a different straightener NOW !
 Well , I really was excited to receive this item because I 've always heard great things about the Bumble and Bumble line of hair products . But I was quite disappointed when I used it . Instead of defrizzing my hair , it somehow made my hair more frizzy than ever and there was certainly no shine to be seen through all that frizz . I have fine hair and my hair frizzes very easily most of the time , but especially when it 's humid . I 'd think a defrizz product would do the defrizzing like it says . I ca n't see why my hair type should matter . But I tried it several times during humid and non-humid days and my hair still did n't smoothen for me ... frizzed away ... So I ca n't recommend it ... I ca n't understand why there 's so much hype about this product . Maybe it 's their shampoo/conditioner line that 's actually worthy of a good rating , but certainly not the defrizz product .
 I bought this product in hopes my hair would look a little bit more ` finished ' after straightening , curling , etc. . However , every time I use it , I keep looking at the mirror wondering if it actually DID anything . And it 's frustrating that I spent more than 20.00 on a small bottle of a product that I really have to wonder is actually doing anything . It could be olive oil for all I know , because it really has n't made a difference.Would recommend looking elsewhere .
 I 've read some descriptions for these ice cream baths , some saying they 'll be good for 2-3 baths , some saying one ice cream per bath . This being my first of this line , I thought I 'd melt half the ball and see how much it affected the bath . With half melted , I thought the bath 's smell was n't that strong and the water did n't look like it had enough oils and color , so I put the rest in . After taking the bath with one whole ice cream , I 'm a little disappointed . I love lavender and go to a yearly festival to get my fix . This one did n't have enough of the scent to give me that relaxing feel of lavender . Overall , it had enough oils -LRB- over 6 different oils in there -RRB- but none of them were lavender ... does n't that seem wrong for a lavender - named and - colored bath product ? I wo n't be buying again and wish I could return the other 2 ones I bought . I 'll probably gift them .
 I decided to try this shampoo and conditioner because my salon is now using Bumble and Bumble products and my stylist was raving about the products . The coconut smell is great but the shampoo and conditioner are just ok . I thought that it would make my hair smooth and give it more shine , but my hair feels like I am using a cheap supermarket brand shampoo . Also , my forehead seems to be a little on the oily side since I started using these products . I normally have very dry skin with no blemishes . I am kinda disappointed because I spent $ 50 on both the shampoo and conditioner . I would n't buy these again ...
 While Bumble and Bumble used to be one of my favorite lines of hair care products , this conditioner -LRB- and I might add shampoo by the same name -RRB- was a real disappointment.Using it left no softening or conditioning effect and there was n't even a pleasant scent . Do n't know where Bumble fumbled but they certainly fouled up on this one . I 'm saving my $ $ $ $ $ for Lush and Frederic Fekkai ! - Gail Cooke
 I have purchased this product from salons and have been extremely happy with Bumble and Bumble . I thought I would purchase from Amazon to save myself a couple $ $ . This was a BAD idea because when I used the conditioner for the first time , my hair felt as if it had been STRIPPED and and I could barely run my fingers through my hair ! NOT SOFT AT ALL . I decided to try conditioning 2 times in a row but this still gave me the same result . I have used this new bottle for about 2 weeks in hopes that my hair would soften up . . but no luck.I am very disheartened because I bought the big pump bottle and I dont even want to use it . The only thing I use it for is to SHAVE MY LEGS !! This product is FAKE and was a huge waste of money . I am never buying B&B ; online ever again .
 Beware in purchasing this item . The viscosity and texture of the product is inconsistent with Bumble and Bumble 's typical high quality shampoos/conditioners . My hair did not respond the way it usually does to B&B -LRB- it was more like the effect of using a cheap hotel hair product -RRB- . Although the fragrance seemed 100 % spot-on , I still returned the product based on my suspicion that it 's a fake .
 For several days after using the conditioner , my hair has been left very tangled and frizzy so much so that my hair breaks when I comb it . I purchased the largest size so this is unfortunate . Perhaps it is n't the real Bumble and Bumble as other unsatisfied reviewers have noted . Either way , I would not recommend this conditioner based on my experience .
 I have used this product before and loved it . It did not seem like the same product . It smelled like Suave instead of the rich coconut smell I usually associate with this product . I will buy the product from a retail store or directly from Bumble and Bumble in the future .
 It does n't really help dry hair and only has a faint smell of coconut . Not worth the money . Do yourself a favour and save money , get the Suave professional conditioner which works as well if not better for a tenth of the price .
 The Creme de Coco conditioner is horrible . -LRB- I always buy from a salon mind you -RRB- It leaves your hair feeling waxy and the conditioner does n't absorb into the hair follicle . It smells ok . I 'm not a fan . I have medium texture and long hair with highlights . I 'm using Pureology now , much better . I must say though that the Creme de Coco Shampoo is awesome , but the conditioner-not so much !
 While Bumble and Bumble used to be one of my favorite lines of hair care products , this conditioner -LRB- and I might add shampoo by the same name -RRB- was a real disappointment.Using it left no softening or conditioning effect and there was n't even a pleasant scent . Do n't know where Bumble fumbled but they certainly fouled up on this one . I 'm saving my $ $ $ $ $ for Lush and Frederic Fekkai !
 While at the Salon my shampoo person massaged this into my hair for about a million years and it felt and smelled like heaven . -LRB- which is odd since this is not a scent I normally am drawn to outside of the beach -RRB- I believe this is what led me to thinking it was super fabulous and then the purchase of product.I was smart -LRB- ??? how smart is 8 bucks for a mini bottle of conditioner , I am so warped -RRB- and only purchased a mini of this and then the Gentle Shampoo , -LRB- which I like quite a bit -RRB- I like the way it feels in the shower , I try to recreate the massaging and the saturation , but afterwords it 's while drying it 's not that special , my hair is harder to detangle , the ends are really dry , and it is n't really that soft like say after Pureology . It does leave it shiny.When I blowdry it 's awful , airdry it 's just ok , texture wise . It tends to leave me frizzy after the blowdryer . Not a good hair day in the making , so darn . It just feels coated , untamed and odd.I do n't hate it to death ... , but for me it was a miss all things considered . What a waste -LRB- for me -RRB- of an insanely good scent .
 I have bought this product for years from my salon . I thought I would buy it online to save a trip to my salon . Considering how often I use this product , I noticed right away that the color was off . Then when I used it , it was obvious that the product was fake considering the consistency was very different . Finally when I used it , my hair was full of knots and unusually dry . I 'm disappointed that I bought two bottles . Please , please be aware that Deal Seakers is selling FAKE Bumble and Bumble products ! Unacceptable .
 I have tried everything I can think of , but this just will NOT put color on my eyes . There are definitely better products out there , though these colors are very inviting ... Too bad they do n't work .
 I dunno the color made me look like an alien i picked up a wrong color it seems but the good thing is that it doesnt fade but i have to go for a different color
 I am african american and bought sally hansen airbrush legs shimmer because of a previous review from another african american girl who loved the apperance of the spray . I first applied the spray as the instructions says which was to spray it on your hands and rub it in so when i sprayed it on my hands the spray was really cold and seem to stick to my hand and when I glided the spray on my legs I hardly seen a difference I could see the shimmer but did not see the airbrush effect like the models legs on the can . I liked the product because of the shimmer effect but it wasnt really what I would have expected . If someone is looking for an airbrush effect this probably wouldnt be something you should get -LRB- for african americans -RRB- but if you like goldent tint of shimmer this would be perfect .
 I used as directed and barely noticed a shimmer . I applied more than I needed to to see a difference . It lasts all of a few minutes . This product is a great idea , but perhaps they need to work on their formula more .
 Does n't do anything . Slight sheen but wears off . Tried to use in a fashion show for the models and nothing happened on any of the models . Almost like both bottles were just filled with air . Not worth it .
 This item worked okay for a few weeks -LRB- unfortunatley the first 30 days - so I could n't return the item -RRB- . The plastic covering that funnels the steam just kind of rests there , so it 's always falling off . The steam is not very strong . The timer broke after a few weeks , and then it would automatically shut off in the middle of steaming . After about two months , it would n't produce any steam . Now it sits in the corner of my apartment doing nothing . Do n't get this , just boil some water and do your facials the old fashioned way . It works just as well !
 This is not my first facial sauna but it is the worst I 've used . The `` Cold '' function does not work well -LRB- not significantly enough at least -RRB- but the hot function works fine . It tends to leak the water you put in , even if you keep it below the max-fill line .
 I got one of these for Christmas and it does n't work at all . It 's very complex to use with multiple functions that conflict and cancel each other out . The instructions are of no use . I 'm disappointed because these are n't inexpensive and the child who gave it to me wasted her money . Do not buy this -- they do n't work!I wish I could have given ZERO stars .
 I received one of these for Christmas . The product would not produce any hot steam . In fact , the light for `` hot '' did not come one . I sent it back -- paying $ 15 in postage -- and received a 2nd steamer . This one heated , but it took 30 minutes and no steam came out . Also , the facial piece was broken . So I 'm now in the the dilemma of deciding whether to spend yet another $ 15 to replace THIS one . If the 3rd one does n't work , then I 'm out $ 30 -- so far . This is not worth it . I do n't have the heart to tell the teen-ager who gave it to me that it 's a worthless product and that she wasted over $ 45 on what will soon be trash . Such a waste . Such a sham .
 This product does not work . It takes over 20 minutes to heat up , then does not produce enough steam to be worth the effort . I even made a tent over it and did n't get the sauna effect . This product is a complete waste of money .
 Let me start by saying I never write reviews . Secondly , I am a product junky and have tried most of the products people rave about . My hair is fine , wavy , not processed , but still rather dry . I have been using biolage , but was ready for a change . Got this b/c of all the amazing reviews . It is honestly one of the worst products I 've tried . My hair is like straw . Thought the hair mask would help ... and it does a little bit , but no where near what you 'd expect for the money . Also got the leave it treatment , thinking it would help . Nope . Bottom line
 I have been using the Kerastase line for about 5 years . Normally my hair feels conditioned just after using this shampoo . I used the shampoo today and it was like putting dollar store shampoo in my hair . Buy the product , just not from this distributor .
 Real Kerastase Shampoo leaves the hair smooth and manageable . I used this and my hair was like a scouring pad ... dry , horrible . I think they fill this great big bottle with bogus shampoo and charge you $ 68.00 . I do not recommend buying this shampoo online ... I do n't know who the vendor was , but they sold me a fraudulent product.I had to go out and buy a new bottle of Kerastase , which is wonderful . Another $ 38.00 out of my pocket .
 `` Buyer beware '' may apply to some of the Kerastase products here -LRB- phenomenal product line , by the way -- I 've been using on and off for nearly 10 years -RRB- . Away from home , I was going to buy from this seller -LRB- btw , that would be ... ?? -RRB- until I noticed that the back image appears to have Chinese or Japanese writing . HUH ??? Also , product safety seal missing from opening in another image -LRB- hmmm ... -RRB- . More importantly , I discovered that genuine Kerastase products are sold only in authorized salons or via the product line 's official website . Given some reviewers also questioned the authenticity of the product , no thanks -- at least for this seller -LRB- again , is ... ? -RRB-
 Im a great fan of all kerastase hair products and normally almost all of them are awesome . This is just regular , not so intensive , i could definitely get a better kerastase product for this money , not worth it .
 I had read a lot of positive reviews for this item . I have highlighted hair and I flat iron so I was wanting something to help restore my hair . I really did n't think it was any better than anything I could get at Wal-Mart . It was definitely over priced . I did n't see any improvement in my hair . Would not recommend this to anyone .
 i tried this shampoo today because some of the reviews . It is really not that great for the price . First the smell of it is horrible . It does not lather up at all . It left my hair drier than i started with . i have tried many shampoos for dry hair and this one does not compare to the shampoo and conditioner by moroccanoil . I will stick with that and goldwell . Buyer beware .
 After I 've used 3 other bottles bought from regular salons , I was thrilled to find Bumble & Bumble Holding Spray on Amazon with such good prices . It 's a very good spray and environmentally friendly , too . I was able to pour into smaller spray bottle for traveling . Unfortunately this bottle I ordered from here did n't look or smell quite the same as the leftover liquid in my current bottle . My current spray has a clean refreshing scent , but not this one . Needless to say , I quickly return it the next day .
 This is not the same quality as the spray from the salon . It is not as sticky and smells like alchol . Do not buy this , it is a fake
 This is not the real product . I am a long time user of this product and usually purchase it from my hairdresser however , this time I decided to order it on-line to see if I can get a better price . Hah ! Yeah right . Sure this fab product is less money from this particular seller but , it 's not the real thing . It is much stickier , does not hold my curls the same , and even smells different . And on top of all that , the product arrived sticky and damaged.They said to return the product for a refund , but at this point , why bother . By the time I pay to return it , I will have spent the money again . Lesson learned ... never again .
 If this is Bumble and Bumble I will flap my non-existent wings and fly . Think twice , the bottle matches somewhat but it is not holding spray as advertised in my opinion .
 I have very fine hair now live in the hot humid south and was desperate to find a new hairspray . After reading reviews decided to try this . My first try was a horrible experience . This stuff stuck my hair together so bad I could bearly comb through it to get it out ! Terrible product . What a waste of my money .
 Getting Bumble and Bumble conditioner for less than $ 20 * is * too good to be true . Being a long time user of this product line , I knew immediately upon receiving this item it was a knockoff . The container label was already wiping away , the scent was off and the texture of the conditioner was gritty . Seriously ?!
 I have no idea what this is &#8211; but it &#8217; s not Bumble & Bumble Seaweed ! I love B&B , but I have no idea what &#8217; s in this bottle . It arrived with plastic around the top &#8211; which was good since it had exploded . There is a horrible chemical smell coming from it . It does not feel or act like B&B in your hair . I used it twice to make sure . I am sure . This is NOT B&B . The code on the bottom of the bottle is &#8220; H47A &#8221; . It &#8217; s going in the trash if I can &#8217; t return it . I went to Target and bought a real bottle for $ 22 . I guess if the price is too good to be true &#8230; . well , you know the rest .
 This hairdryer was fine while it lasted , which was about 3 months . It started smelling as if it was burning when used . Then it stopped working completely . It was never dropped or damaged , and was only used by one person , drying their hair once a day . I emailed Amazon to find out how to get a replacement , and they never responded . I finally called Amazon , and they informed me that after 30 days one has to contact the manufacturer . The manufacturer 's written materials say you have to ship it back to them , and pay them $ 8 for return shipping . They then will repair it . Thanks , but for all the hassle of packaging , shipping , and paying for postage back and forth , only to get a `` repair , '' it 's just not worth it . I do n't expect a hairdryer that cost almost $ 70 to fall apart with minimal use after three months .
 Nice blowdryer but for the price not worth it and I have owned ohehundred dollar blow dryers.I know the difference
 I was extremely satisfied with the actual merchandise but I was unhappy with the condition of the box it came in . The box was broken halfway through so I was unable to give it to someone as a gift as I originally planned .
 Even with all the attachments , this diffuser did not fit my Conair hair dryer . I could barely squeeze on the largest fitting , but it would continually pop off while I was drying my hair and eventually cracked down the side from being shoved on too many times . I was very disappointed and ended up having to buy a new hair dryer that came with its own diffuser attachment . I am sure the product would be fine with the right hair dryer .
 I bought this thinking b/c it had the different fittings to fit almost all size hair dryers that it would work with mine . It unfortunately did not fit my Helen of Troy hair dryer , so I end up holding it on , but that does n't work well so it usually falls off . Very disappointed .
 This bath bomb did n't give off as much smell as I had hoped . It did make my skin nice and silky smooth and the little bits of coconut in the bomb was a surprise floating in the water !
 I thought this did not work or smell this the real Bumble and bumble and then I went back to the salon and bought one to confirm my suspicions ... this is a knock off . DO NOT BUY THIS !! this is not the real product .
 For those of you who like to add an extra step of grooming in the morning with no measurable results , look no further . This is the product ! I have been a faithful B & B user for over ten years -LRB- and have converted others to the seaweed shampoo and conditioner ! -RRB- and this stuff is a waste of money . It smells good -LRB- really good -RRB- but then it evaporates leaving my hair no more manageable , shiny or conditioned than before . It 's like a handshake for your hair . I feel cheated for having spent the money . Learn from my mistake !
 Bb Tonic is a great product , unfortunately not the same product when ordered through amazon . I agree with imposter !! Wasted my money , threw it away ...
 I fell in LOVE with this product and had been using it for a couple years ordering it from a beauty salon in Atlanta . Could ` nt get it anymore through them ... so was excited to find it offered on Amazon . However , am sad that I bought 2 bottles , only to find that I wasted my money because this IS NOT the same solution . It looks the same - but it leaves my hair coated and kind of heavy . All the other bottles I have bought in the past NEVER did that .
 I have been purchasing this Bumble & Bumble hair tonic from a local salon and using it for a couple of years . I would give the product based on that experience 5 stars , but based on this Amazon purchase , I give it 2 stars . I wo n't go so far as to call this an `` imposter '' like another reviewer , but I do agree it is different . It still works ok for my purposes
 I am a regular user of the B&B tonic spray , which I usually buy at the local beauty supply chain . I was excited to find the products for less on Amazon . Prior to ordering , I had not seen the reviews stating that others thought it was an imposter , but I agree that it seems like a different product . I compared it to the remaining tonic spray that I bought from the store . The scent smells less like tea tree and more like alcohol . It does n't have the same color -LRB- white -RRB- as my prior bottles . It left my hair feeling heavy and flat -- something I have never experienced before from this product . I went onto the reviews to see if anyone else felt this and apparently others have had the same experience . I also bought the Super Rich Conditioner and the Tonic Shampoo ... the conditioner also seems off -LRB- less thick , not as nice a smell -RRB- , and I have not tried the tonic shampoo yet . Maybe they are the real thing and just old , but does n't seem that way . I would consider keeping imposters if they worked for my hair , but so far they are resulting in a big , bad hair day . I am going to see if I can return it , but I am not sure if it will even be possible Overall , very disappointed . It is worth it to pay a little extra for what is assuredly the real thing .
 I bought this awesome hair spray online about a year ago after my hairstylist used it on my hair and strongly recommended it . When I was leaving I did n't have the cash to buy it in my salon and so she told me to buy online directly from Bumble and Bumble , because if you buy from other places likes Target or on Amazon they might be counterfeit . I guess someone is diluting the formulas down to make more money , I do n't know . If you google it you can usually find more information about it , though there was much more a year ago.Anyway , I decided to buy online on Amazon anyway because it was slightly cheaper , and I did notice a difference . The product I got on Amazon made my hair feel greasy and heavy , not at all like my experience at salons . But it was too late so I 've just been using it . Since I do n't use the product that often I only had to buy some more now . I bought directly from Bumble and Bumble this time to compare and there is a distinct difference . What I bought from B&B ; is light and makes my hair shine , as it should . It acts as a great moisturizer . Once I opened the bottle I could immediately smell the difference between the two products . I 'm not sure what exactly is going on , but I think it 's worth the few dollars difference to buy from B&B ; to really get what you 're paying for .
 For DDF , I 'm not a fan . I liked their face scrub that is discontinued . Best bet after years of hard searching , antiseptic wash found at your local pharmacy . Stuff is AMAZING
 I always buy Floxite magnifying mirrors . One of the main reasons is because there is no distortion . I have been using the 10x for several years and decided I needed more magnification . There is a lot of distortion especially on the edges . I have to move between my 10x and this one . Floxite did not live up to its reputation on this one .
 Unfortunately this product was too oily for me and weighed my hair down , it has a nice aroma but did n't work for my hair .
 I thought that it was packaged nicely but it dos n't work well on natural black hair if you are trying to tame edges . I ca n't speak for relaxed textures but I think it will work for them . Also some people liked the lavender smell but it was irritating to me .
 This does not work as well if you have kinky edges . I have tried everything , mousse , gels , spray , waxes . That being said , if you have chemically straightened or curly/wavy hair it will keep things in place.I use it because its the best thing so far but I am still looking .
 I first heard about this product after watching a music video on Youtube . The video inspired me to read about the hair stylist who did all of the hair for the video . He mentioned that he used this product . I then saw that Sharon Stone swore by the product as well.When I received it , I was so excited to begin using it . The product looks like deodorant and is just as solid and hard . I was basically unable to smooth the product onto my hair because of it 's hard , solid nature . It smells wonderful , but the consistency made it impossible for me to use .
 the smell was kind of dull . i was hoping that the smells would be more pungent but they were a little dull and blah smelling .
 I received this Land of Milk and Honey bath fizzy from my daughter , who usually buys the best gifts . This was disappointing -- worse than disappointing , actually . The scent was nothing special , and it created a scummy layer on the top of the bath . It left the tub slimy , so that I slipped getting up , and it left me sticky . I actually had to rewash myself . I 'm not passing judgment on other ME ! Bath ice cream fizzies , but in my experience , this one -- Land of Milk and Honey -- was terrible .
 I did n't even use this as it just came with one little packet . I did n't even know how to go about using it , it was just a tube of liquid . Not sure if it was already mixed in there or if it was missing something but I did n't want to find out
 I originally first bought this product from a salon at a much higher price of course . When the one I order arrived , it did not work as well as the salon one . Packaging was different which was noted in the description not that that should matter . It has a liquid film at the top which the salon one did not . Now I understand why salon offer products at a higher price ... Quality is worth it !!
 Sad to say that this product made my curls lifeless and frizzy by the end of the day . I have african-american hair and achieve EXCELLENT tight spiral curls after shampooing and conditioning . This product did not make my curls POP like they would if I left a basic leave in conditioner on it .
 I purchased this as a stocking stuffer for me 20something daughter . Did n't realize it at the time but the bottle was not sealed nor did it look to be a new bottle . She has n't said anything to me about it yet so not sure if she 's tried it . . I 'm hoping it 's okay ! I assumed at this price I would at least receive a sealed unopened bottle ! Bummer !!! Wo n't buy from this seller again
 I 'm multi racial and have somewhat of a frizzy/curly afro . I tried this product a few times on my hair and it had no effect . It smells nice though
 After using this product for years , B&B recently changed formula along with packaging . Why ruin a good thing ? The new formula is gooey and frizzes my curls ! It does not define the curls , which the other product did . Garnier makes a $ 4 drugstore product that is exactly like this . Be warned that if you have thick curls and/or coarse hair , this is NOT the product for you . It does not `` calm '' and is definitely no longer a `` creme '' , so the packaging is misleading . The texture is more like a gel and as opposed to coming out of the bottle like a creme , oozes into your hand and feels slimy in your hands on and on your hair . It is not a pleasant experience and I am really disappointed that they ruined it !
 I purchased this expensive product with the belief that it would keep African-American hair streighter during and after blow-drying . Wrong.The product caused my hair to become brittle , and breaking . I will not use it again , and I am not sure how to send it back . In this economy , I lost more money that I needed to .
 I threw mine out . It made my hair feel sticky and dry . I use John Frieda 's smooth creme and have been for years . I went back to it . Would not recommend even if it was free !
 The container is not easy to spray and after brushing your hair it leaves white scams.Not very charming for your look .
 Made my skull itchy and my hair dry . It does nothing to protect against humidity.I wasted 6 bucks on this at Walgreens . Do not waste you money on this .
 I 'm not too big of a fan of this eye shadow . The colors look great over the computer , but once I got it it was aother story . It has a lot of glitter in it , so when I put it on , it went everywhere . And the glitter is big , it 's not just a little shimmer , it eventualy got under my eyes and I basically looked like I was 13 and I 'm 24 ! It does n't go on very smooth either -LRB- due to the glitter -RRB- . I would n't recommend this product at all . It does come in a very attractive eye shadow case though ... lol .
 Go buy it in person at Sephora or something instead - the eyeshadow arrived crushed when I ordered it by mail . Instead of being able to use the colors separately , I got a single color . Ick.That said , I swear by this brand and this dual eyeshadow is my favorite . It has a lovely sheen and very subtle sparkle . Gorgeous !
 The first time I received the wrong product completely & had to return it while I waited for the eyeshadow that I ordered . Once received , the eyeshadow was completely crushed , meaning the powder was n't solid , it was crushed powder and fell out everywhere when opened .
 I purchased this shadow duo in Peach Fuzz and Sexpresso and thought what was pictured would be similar to what I would receive . Not at all . The brown is a very dark espresso matte and the peach is a pink/orange with tons of gold glitter . The matte is very difficult to blend and the glitter goes everywhere . Also , the colors are not fused as shown , but in two separate half-pans .
 I have fine hair that tangles easily and is shoulder lenth this just makes it feel like there is a lot of goo on it . It makes it tangle even easier . No good for me .
 i tried this product after reading up on it a bit and was very disappointed . I got a bad rash almost immediately and than had to go see a specialist ! The rash got worse and it actually scarred my left cheek ! This is a very bad product and the FDA should look into this as it can be very dangerous to skin !!
 In all fairness this is a good blowdryer when it is working ... however , it will not continue working for longer than 6-8 weeks at a time . I have had to send my blowdryer back to the company three times in the past year . Each time I had to pay Farouk $ 15 for the repair and the additional cost to ship the blowdryer . Farouk has sent me a new blowdryer in a timely matter each time and then 6-8 weeks later it is dead . I recently found out that since my blowdryer is over 1 year old , I have to pay Farouk $ 35 each time I send it in for repair . I contacted Farouk about receiving a refund for the blowdryer because I have had so many problems and do n't feel like I should have to continue to pay for a repair/new blowdryer and they refused to refund my money . So my Farouk went in the garbage and I am on the search for a new , lasting blowdryer ... any suggestions would be greatly appreciated !!
 I did a lot of research before buying this hair dryer . I dropped it in the first month of owning it and it no longer works . My husband opened it up to see if he could fix it and he said the components were incredibly cheap . Buying from an online distributor -LRB- amazon -RRB- voids the warantee . I should have bought the babyliss . That is what I had before and it was a much better hair dryer .
 It smells ok , but there 's just something about it I do n't like . When I wear it I find myself thinking something smells weird , and realize it 's me .
 I never received this product . It had been about two weeks before I complained and only then did the seller inform me it was out of stock ! They refunded my payment but what good is that ?
 I was disappointed with the scent of this fragrance . It smells cheap and needless to say the scent does not last on the skin . Will not buy again and will not recommend it , but to each his own . -LRB- some persons will still love it -RRB-
 This comb will ruin your hair in no time . The tips are sharp and ragged.It is sure to give split ends . The metal ring around it catches your hair and breaks it off . It is a poor design and I would n't recommend it to my worst enemy !
 I bought this for my wife on her birthday and she was very happy when she opened it . The order arrived right on time with no delays . The quality of the product is not quite worth the price though . If you plan to use some sort of salts with this DO N'T it will cause the bubbles to stop working . It is also very noisy and actually ran too hot . We had to run it to get it hot then let it sit for a few minutes with it unplugged before it reached a temperature where it would n't burn her . Overall I would go with another product .
 I was totally disappointed in this product , did nothing for me inch wise either , and super messy . I 'm not going to give you the full name of the latest wrap system , it has `` lipo '' in its title , but they lead you along the way , I bought 8 treatments for about $ 195 , followed the directions to the letter , when I ordered from this distributor , I even asked if she 'd want the feedback from me , whether good or bad , I finished the last treatment on Saturday , 1/26 , sent the e-mail , negative but nice , I have heard nothing , so , take this for what it 's worth . I felt like I was covered in slime . I 'm going to try another wrap that seems more body friendly , you boil a packet and a bandage for 20 minutes , let it stand and apply to the affected area , if this does n't work , it 's off to a spa , expensive , but I hear they do a better job and the results are visible , we 'll see .
 It 's a big waste of time and money . I wrapped myself and got NO results . I tried calling and their is no answer . i emailed and they wo n't respond back . I called the Kentucky state attorney generals office and find out that they are a very small business and have had several BBB complaints . If i were to do this again , I would buy body wraps from a more reputable place on the internet .
 I have used almost the first whole jar and have not seen any results thus far . I followed the recommended usage of 4-6 wraps within 3 days and there has been no change in my measurements . I had a baby 3 months ago so I figured I would be the prime candidate for this to work . The instructions say it takes up to ten days for the results to really show and I 'm only on day three , so I will write back on day ten . The set comes with an outfit I can only assume you are supposed to wear while you are doing the wrap but the instructions say nothing about the outfit or what it is used for .
 I seldom return a product even if not quite satisfied with it , but I very much wanted to return this body wrap kit . Unfortunately for me , the company has a `` no return '' policy . This body wrap is way more trouble than it is worth . I followed the directions carefully and lost a mere 1/2 inch overall . But even the poor results are not the problem . After you apply the mud , you wrap your body in soaked ace bandages , then put on a sauna suit for 30 plus minutes . During this 30 minutes this `` mud '' drips and runs . If you do light exercise , as I did , to increase results , anywhere you have walked , stood , or been will have this `` mud '' all over it and it does not clean up easily . I probably lost more weight cleaning up the mess than using the product . I now firmly believe if you want a body wrap treatment , pay a professional .
 I sent this parfum to my sister-in-law who has used Estee Lauder 's Beautiful before . She stated that this parfum was unsatisfactory , because neither she nor anyone at her Rehab Center could smell the fragrance . Even a heavy spray on various areas was barely detectable . She wondered if the parfum had been watered down .
 This is n't so much a review of the product as it is a warning to all you guys buying for your sweetheart.I purchased this being fairly sure that her perfume was `` Beautiful '' , and also fairly confident in Amazon 's return policy if I was wrong . My bad , she wears `` Miracle '' and Amazon wo n't take this back.So I 'm not so happy getting another one of those $ 77 lessons ... to double check before ordering -LRB- even if it means letting her know what you are buying -RRB- ! And if anyone needs a bottle of Beautiful , I have one I 'll let it go cheap .
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas and she was disappointed with the smell . Although it smells like &#34; Beautiful &#34; the oder seems not as strong as the bottle she bought at Macy 's . Kind of like it 's been watered down if that 's possible.Very disappointedd and will be paying full price at larger department stores from now on . I guess you get what you pay for .
 The item does not come in a box as pictured and the size is far less than the .6 oz advertised .
 Just a whiff of this perfume and my head starts thumping , It really smells just awful , please stop making it.I do n't like it on me , I do n't like it on my friends , I really and truly can not stand it .
 I received a sample for this in store . A dab on my wrist was okay . But then , I sprayed this perfume on my wrist and neck . It was vomit inducing . I had a migraine for the whole day . I would never buy a full size of this product .
 I helped my supervisor with an online order for this product at the Lauder website . When I placed the order the first time , I failed to enter a `` password , '' and when the page refreshed , it defaulted to standard shipping , which I did n't catch until after the transaction was complete . I called and was told that the shipping could not be changed but that the order would be cancelled and I could place a new order with the correct shipping . The order was not cancelled , and we received two shipments . I have now made FOUR calls to request a postage-paid return label . The first three times , they promised to e-mail the label . I have supplied 3 different e-mail addresses and received nothing . So I asked them to either fax it -LRB- they would not -RRB- or snail-mail it , which they said will take up to two weeks to receive . Meantime , my supervisor has a charge on his card for a package that is sitting on my desk unopened -- plus $ 12.00 for the original shipment that was supposed to be cancelled . Lauder 's customer service failed 1 -RRB- to permit changing the shipping method , 2 -RRB- to cancel the original order , 3 -RRB- to send a shipping label in a timely fashion . Crappy , crappy customer service . I 'm very glad that I use Lancome products !
 This is the substance which my neighbor wore into the basement while doing her laundry . This perfume wafted up through my A/C system on a 95-degree day and hit me with the force of chemical Mace . To me , this perfume smells exactly the same as Cutter mosquito-repellant , only ... a lot , LOT stronger . I got a whiff of `` Beautiful '' and fell to the floor INSTANTLY with convulsive dysentery , vomiting and blindess . EMT and police -LRB- about 20-30 minutes later when I could reach a telephone , -RRB- had to get the building super to open my door so they could scrape me up and haul me off to the hospital . The MIGRAINE this perfume can cause is indescribable . Toxicity of perfumes is a matter of degree
 I was not happy at all , have used this for years it was not the same.The box was not sealed , so I feel that it was tampered with the smell was awfull , just glad to get a refund . Thank You
 Product was described as new but unboxed , and was scheduled to arrive no later than Dec 21st . I was never contacted to let me know that shipping was delayed ; it finally arrived Dec 27th . The perfume had no cap and there was a sticker on it which read `` Demonstration only . Not For Resale . '' When I called the company to find out what was going on , they told me that I should have known `` unboxed '' meant `` tester '' . They even sent me an email copy of their ad -- which states `` Testers and unboxed products are exactly the same as the regular perfume , except testers usually come in a plain box -- with or without a cap . Unboxed products are the perfume or bath product , only without the box '' . Tuccini gave me an RMA # and told me they would accept the return but that I would be responsible for shipping costs both ways , plus a hefty `` handling/restocking '' fee . After weeks of calls and emails with Amazon -LRB- we filed an A-to-Z Guarantee Claim -RRB- and Tuccini , I finally received back the entire amount of the purchase , plus extra credit from Amazon . Although I ultimately was taken care of , this was an absolutely awful experience , and I am dismayed to see that the Tuccini ad looks exactly the same -LRB- which I believe is misleading -RRB- . I further question whether Amazon should have such a business as one of its merchants ; is it even legal to resell testers ?
 I received this product and it is not Beautiful by Estee Lauder , it has to be a knock-off . I could tell as soon as I opened it and compared the bottle with my original bottle I already had at home , the color was off even the feel of the bottle was different . And when I flipped if over it was not numbered like all my previour bottles have been . I have been wearing this perfume for 22 years and this is the first time I have been ripped off . I ended up going directly to Estee Lauder to buy another bottle because I can not wear what I got from this seller . This is what Estee Lauder told me when I told them what happened to me . Do not buy from here , you wo n't get what you pay for.Hello : We would like to take this opportunity to thank you for completing the esteelauder.com BizRate Survey . We appreciate the time you have taken to share your comments with us . Thank you for providing us with valuable feedback.We are so pleased to hear how much you love using Estee Lauder products.We are happy to know that we could provide an easy and convenient shopping experience at esteelauder.com so that you can shop right at home and find all of your favorite Estee Lauder products.We appreciate the opportunity to explain that we are an authorized online distributor for Estee Lauder products and can assure our online customers that they are purchasing authentic , high quality products directly from a brand they know and trust.You should know that there are sites selling our products that are not authorized retailers of our products . This means that they do not obtain the Estee Lauder products they sell through us , which does not allow us to exercise quality control over products they sell . We can not guarantee the freshness or authenticity of the Estee Lauder products they sell . If you have any questions , please feel free to email us and we will be happy to address any of your concerns.We hope that you will continue to use and enjoy Estee Lauder products and online services . Do n't forget that our site is updated every month with new features , new products and more . We truly appreciate your business and look forward to your next visit.Thank you , Theaesteelauder.comCustomer Service
 I was excited for this product , the colors -LRB- white , black , pink and silver-shimmer -RRB- were beautiful . However , I tested it multiple times with different techniques -LRB- using primer , setting with powder , using it as a base for other powders , and just the palette colors by themselves , applied with either brushes , fingers , and sponges -RRB- and I had really awful results with all of the above . The creme does not stay put - at the end of the night the colors had smudged , the black had taken over , and all of the color was in the creases of my eyelids . Really disappointing and really ugly.Sorry Revlon , I love your stuff but this was a big , fat zero .
 I have them in other colors and like them , but I did n't like Twilight because the colors are a little dull . Also , the texture is not as good as I thought , it is too creamy . Despite that I still like the other ones I have . I think Revlon Beyond Natural Cream to Powder Shadows are better cream shadows and stay on better than this one . But remember
 I have them in other colors and like them , but I did n't like Twilight because the colors are a little dull . Also , the texture is not as good as I thought , it is too creamy . Despite that I still like the other ones I have . I think Revlon Beyond Natural Cream to Powder Shadows are better cream shadows and stay on better than this one . But remember
 I was excited for this product , the colors -LRB- white , black , pink and silver-shimmer -RRB- were beautiful . However , I tested it multiple times with different techniques -LRB- using primer , setting with powder , using it as a base for other powders , and just the palette colors by themselves , applied with either brushes , fingers , and sponges -RRB- and I had really awful results with all of the above . The creme does not stay put - at the end of the night the colors had smudged , the black had taken over , and all of the color was in the creases of my eyelids . Really disappointing and really ugly.Sorry Revlon , I love your stuff but this was a big , fat zero .
 I love this product , but the item pictured is the bottle type and SleekHair `` Slick Willies '' the money from you with their product misrepresentation and sends you the jar type instead ! Even after you tell them in emails not to ! Their refunds policy leaves you with less money in your wallet and no product ! They charge you a 20 % restocking fee for their screw-up -LRB- or in my case , they defiantly sent the jar type after I told them that was not what I wanted ! -RRB- , you do n't get your shipping and handling refunded and the postage for you to send back to them with signature confirmation as they advise is very pricey ! And they get to sell the product again to another unsuspecting customer ! They seem to be randomly abusing their customers as many customers have complained as I have . If you have $ 30 or so to just throw out the window then by all means , go ahead and order from these crooks !
 I had hoped that this would be a nice light citrus scent but it just is n't scented enough and it does n't last on the skin at all . It may just be my body chemistry .
 bought this because it was a good deal , or at least appeared to be . It 's almost scent-less ... there 's a reason it 's on sale .
 I had been using this perfume for a couple of years now but it was getting too expensive for my budget nowadays so I decided to look for it online instead of buying at the department store . I found it on Amazon at a surprisingly low price so I immediately ordered one . Unfortunately , I was so disappointed with the product when it came . The cellophane overwrap was not sealed on one end , the box itself did not look original , and the so-called perfume was so watered-down -LRB- or alcoholed-down , or whatever they did to it -RRB- that it not only smelled a bit odd , but the scent immediately dissipated in a few minutes of wear . I thought that if I was trying to be `` cheap '' , I would have been better off getting one of those `` knock-offs '' or `` smell-alikes '' at the mall . I wanted to return it to Amazon but found out that perfume was NOT a returnable product . This was such a waste but surely another lesson learned on `` You Pay For What You Get '' as well as `` Never Buy Perfume Online '' !
 Formaldehyde is in most nail polishes but it does n't mean you should ignore it 's danger . It is a known human carcinogen . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 do n't use it . do n't like the way it looks like on my nails before polish and no appreciable difference after I used it .
 I had to give it at least two stars because it is effective at helping nail polish adhere without chipping . However , if your nails are prone to peeling or chipping , this will make them more brittle , dry , and prone to peeling . Switched to Nailtiques # 2 and it helped them recover .
 I HAVE BEEN USING `` SHINE PLUS '' FOR TEN YEARS OR SO . THIS MOST RECENT PURCHASE WAS A DISSAPOINTMENT BECAUSE THE FORMULA HAS BEEN CHANGED . SHINE PLUS HAD A LIGHT PLEASANT FRAGRANCE , AND ITS OVERALL PERFORMANCE WAS FAR SUPERIOR TO ANY OTHER PRODUCT -LRB- I SHOULD MENTION I HAVE USED REDKEN AND OTHER PROFESSIONAL PRODUCTS FOR YEARS AS A PROFESSIONAL IN THE BEAUTY INDUSTRY . -RRB- I ANTICIPATED THE PRODUCT TO BE CONSISTANT TO WHAT I HAVE EXPERIENCED IN THE PAST ... BUT ... THE FRAGRANCE IS SO OVERPOWERING THAT I HAVE TO `` BRACE '' MYSELF , HOLD MY BREATH , AND RINSE IT OUT AS QUICKLY AS I CAN . IT IS TRULY OVERWHELMING AND DEFINATLY A CHANGE IN THE FORMULA ... BAD BAD ... BAD !
 This product will leave your hair very shiny , which is nice , but it does nothing to help style your hair . Not that impressed .
 I am a hair stylist and I recently purchased this product , the velvet cover on the rollers makes them difficult to work with and it gives the hair a weak curl , you also can not use any hair care products because of the velvet cover on the rollers . I would not recommend this item .
 I bought this a couple years ago and loved it but the new one just does n't seem to have the same effect .
 Revlon changed this classic , timeless scent -LRB- NOT `` ORIGINAL '' as bottle says -RRB- , and it did n't work !! I had seen the many comments on this and other sites , and decided to test it out for myself . I bought a new bottle , and splashed a handful of it on one arm , then splashed a handful from my old bottle on the other arm . I was amazed to find such a change - the new formula is awful ! The fresh , spicy scent with the almost musky accent is completely gone . I could blend rancid lemon juice and some 50-year-old old talcum powder and produce something similar to this new scent . YUCK !! BAD JOB , REVLON ! Maybe I 'll come back to try it again in a year or so , though I doubt they 'll listen to us and go back to the REAL ORIGINAL . I 'm really going to miss my old Jean Nate !
 I have been wearing Jean Nate for something like 45 years or so -LRB- I know its been a long time -RRB- Then I ran into it at Walgreens and bought a bottle of the Splash . I tried it and it STUNK ! What happened ???? I tried it again , same stink as before . Then tried it on my daughter and mom to see if perhaps my body chemistry changed and made it smell bad on me . But it stunk on my mom and daoughter too ! So , now I am researching the smelly Splash product on line and see that more ladies think also like me
 like a previous poster said , they have destroyed the original scent of jean nate . I 'm using it to clean up where my pup messes , SHAME ON YOU . the original was the best . There 's almost a pepperey after fragrance , yikes !
 I thought I was the only one out there who noticed the difference in the Jean Nate ' until I started reading the other comments . I 'm not alone ! The new stuff is terrible compared to the old . Plastic , it smells like plastic . I was told for years how nice I smelled . Not anymore . So I switched to Philosophy 's Amazing Grace . The firming body lotion is wonderful . Clean and refreshing the way Jean Nate ' use to be . I have written Revlon several times and they said they changed the formula 2 or 3 years ago with no explanation as to why . In the mean time I bought at least 3 large bottles of the after bath splash and pretty much had to waste them . Don `` t buy the new stuff . It 's not the same .
 I 've been using Jean Nate After Bath Splash my entire life , and have loved it and introduced it to friends and family , but my recent purchase smelled completely different . REVLON , DO N'T MESS WITH A CLASSIC !!! I will never buy this product again unless they change the formula back to the original . What would possess them to make this change ? Either create a new product with a new name , or leave the original as is . Did you think we would n't NOTICE ???
 I concur with the comments of some of the other Jean Nate Splash customers who , like me , have detected a noticeable change in their experience with this product.I have used JEAN NATE splash for 25 + years and have always enjoyed the natural , light , fresh , long lasting scent . Over the years , many coworkers have inquired as to what type of fragrance I was wearing ... even several hours into an eight hour workday . They described the scent as `` subtle and refreshing '' ; not too overbearing.Personally , I thought I detected a `` change '' in this product about 3 years ago . The scent did not appear to be the original light , `` fresh '' scent . Additionally , I thought the aroma had become very short lived ; wearing off rather quickly ... which may have been to my advantage as over the course of the day it appeared to develop an `` off '' scent , something akin to `` vinegar '' . -LRB- On one occasion while waiting in line at the bank , a lady standing behind me had to step aside as she was offended by the scent . -RRB- Initially , I thought that perhaps my body chemistry had changed , making this product 's scent interact inappropriately , however after reading other user 's experiences , perhaps the problem lies with the manufacturer.So , I guess my long love affair with Jean Nate Splash has come to an end . Others may try and appreciate this product , however I will not invest any more money in something that I feel has become inferior in quality.I did so enjoy another of Revlon 's offerings marketed several years ago ... the Jean Nate -LRB- Blue -RRB- SEASCAPE scent . Perhaps Revlon might consider re-introducing this scent ... if they have n't `` toyed with '' the ingredients of this product as well .
 Like the other reviewers I bought several bottles over time thinking that maybe I had purchased a bad batch of Jean Nate although in the 40 yrs I have used it it had never happened before . No , Revlon had to go and add `` Moisture Replenishing Complex of Vitamins E , A and ALOE VERA '' -LRB- & who knows what else ? -RRB- and that killed the fragrance . I wonder if anyone at Revlon reads these comments -- I hope somebody does and shows it to their president to change it back to the ORIGINAL ORIGINAL . It just dawned on me to check the AMAZON comments -LRB- thank you , Amazon -RRB- and I am so glad I 'm not alone but there 's not a lot of consolation in being right about this -- how are we going to fix something that was not broken ? Or will Revlon just kill it .
 I have always loved Jean Nate after bath splash . It 's so refreshing particularly in the summertime . I had read some of the reviews saying the formula had changed , but could n't think of a good alternative so I went ahead and ordered some . The other reviewers are absolutely right - the formula has changed ! I still had a little bit of the `` old '' Jean Nate in a travel bottle and compared . The new stuff does n't even smell remotely like the true original Jean Nate . I 'm giving it two stars because there is one good quality that remains - when you splash it on it does feel cool -LRB- although I imagine rubbing alcohol , which smells as good as this stuff , would work as well and cost a lot less -RRB- . I just ca n't understand why Revlon would change what was once a fantastic product , but I do know I 'm now on the hunt for an alternative that smells decent .
 I used to wear Jean Nate years ago . Loved , loved it . It was a light fragrance that I would splash on after a shower . I consider myself a Jean Nate expert.I was so happy to see it being sold again and ordered it . Oh my , big mistake . The scent is much harsher , and my eyes burned all day from the smell . I am very disappointed that Revlon has changed my old friend . I now am stuck with a 30-ounce bottle of this stinky stuff . Please , please bring back the original scent .
 The new formula is TERRIBLE !!!!! ALL YOU CAN SMELL is the ALCOHOL . A saleslady said my perfume smelled `` woodsy '' because it was so offensive a smell . REVLON , are you listening ? Revlon , do you really care about the comments of your most loyal female customers ? No woman wants to smell like she has been out in the woods for weeks with your `` new formula '' !!!! Enough said and written !!!!!
 I concur with all the disappointed long-time , loyal fans . The new formulation is simply awful . I 've given it several tries , and end up scrubbing it off each time , so bad is it . I loved the classic . It was an amazing product - fresh , uplifting , with a truly urbane , sophisticated lemony note that belied its affordable cost . I knew I could always go into a drug store , and find this wonderful staple . I 've had many compliments wearing this . I would always get an appreciative reaction from my husband on smelling it on my hair . I 'm so disappointed in the new ` Original ' formulation . It 's actually kind of nauseating - a sort of cinnamon note mixed in with the lemon verbena . How in the world did Revlon come up with something so bad ? ` Banal ' would have been a better formula option than this .
 I 've loved Jean Nate for years . I was in the mood for an little indulgence , and I bought a bottle . It smells like horse . I am so disappointed that they changed the scent . It used to be so elegant .
 REVLON what have you done ??????????? to the Jean Nate Body Splash . This Jean Nate splash is nothing , I repeat nothing like the Product I have used since the 60 's . It smells like bug spray now . I use to get compliments from complete strangers asking what I was wearing every single time I wore it . I was asked what perfume did I wear ? The Old Jean nate Splash that I used lasted all day and into the AM I could still smell traces of it on my wrists.The new Splash is offensive , it acutally made my stomach turn after I had it on awhile . Please , please , please bring back the old frangrance . I will buy several . I bought 3 bottles on sale and will be returning the two bottle I didnt open to Walgreens ... because of the way it smells now ughhhhhhh ... . Why did you try to fix something that wasnt broken . : -LRB-
 When I went to get my parcel at the Post Office , the parcel was all wet , so I asked the clerk to return it . I 'm still waiting for another bottle to be sent to me . Thanks!Nicole Tetreault
 Supposed to deter cats from furniture . Did not work . Smell awful for any use .
 This review is for the selected Kilo scent . I 've tried/used just about every Axe shower gel . I am really hooked . I usually have several in my shower to fit my mood : -RRB- Axe Kilo had a good smell . It is somewhat of a cross between a musk -LRB- Dark Temptation or Anarchy -RRB- and a citrus -LRB- Twist -RRB- . It is not a very strong smell , however.My big gripe with this is that it is quite runny/diluted . I was surprised how easily it poured/ran out of the bottle . In contrast , other Axe shower gels are super-concentrated and thick and luxurious with extra goodies in them . In others , a little goes a long ways , but not with Kilo . It is one of the weakest Axe shower gels I have used , so it is comparatively expensive to use . I would say , I use it 3X the amount of others . It also has no special exfoliating scrubs , moisturizing beads , or even any sparkles in it.In short , if you are new to Axe , pass on this one . There are many better ones . If you are a seasoned Axe user , this is maybe worth 1 bottle just so you can try it and for variety . Note that the 16 oz size is usually cheaper .
 I just bought this shampoo on amazon , because I heard it works well . The logo on the shampoo in the product picture in this link below is suppose to be the official logo . which the two Xs on the shampoo I received is different.http : / / www.amazon.com/Nexxus-VitaTress-Biotin-Shampoo-32/dp/B000N2MZMQ/ref=pd_sim_hpc_9can anyone tell me why the logo `` NEXXUS '' is different than what Nexxus says their official `` Nexxus '' should look like . The product I get does not have 1 `` solid letter X '' on top and `` hollow X '' at bottom . The Nexxus logo on the product I received is just Two X. one on top and one on the bottom.The logo in this link below is different ... is the one I got ... why is it different?http : / / www.amazon.com/Nexxus-VitaTress-Biotin-Shampoo-Liter/dp/B003C5URYY/ref=pd_sim_hpc_4anyway I can tell how old is the product?Shouldn ' t logo for a product look the same?DId I get fake Nexxus shampoo ?
 This purchase arrived well after the notified delivery date of May 15 , 2009 , and was damaged . ICoco Mademoiselle by Chanel for Women 3.4 oz Eau de Toilette Spray contact the Seller to inform them that the glass bottle of Coco Chanel Mademoiselle was broken and its contains has drained from the parcel . mind you , I have to date never opened the box , however , due to the obvious leakage of perfume I contacted the Seller via email . I informed the Seller of the above and request a replacement bottle . I have NEVER recieved a reply to this request .
 did n't smell all that great and it was really gunky in the bath after awhile . It should be sold with a net or something for holding all that stuff in . I was covered with vegetation after my bath like seaweed . Yuck !
 On me this lipstick was a peachy , rust brown color with a matte finish that was really unattractive.My skin is very light with a touch of pink so I thought `` Blushing '' meant a touch of pink in the colorbut that was not the outcome . Think it would probably be much better on someone with a darker , warmer skin tone.Glad it was a gift with purchase from Clinique . The lipstick goes on easily & is moisturizing so I will try the pinkerversions of this product .
 Not what I expected after reading the description , but then most men 's fragrances are not . Paul Sebastian is still my favorite sine Yardley of London Musk for Men is no longer made . If anyone knows where it can be purchased , please let me know .
 I 've had 3 different girls tell me this smells just like a scented maxi pad . I 'm not convinced this is flattering .
 I bought this product of Amazon and I 'm really disapointed that I did . While the product does appear to be authentic and smells like the authentic product it is not nearly as potent nor as long lasting as a store bought bottle . My last bottle , bought from a department store , took only 3 sprays and the scent lasted all day . The bottle I bought off e-bay takes 6 or 7 sprays and the scent is almost gone by the time I get to work . Extremely disapointing !
 I bought this perfume because of the good reviews . But , the item that I get is fake , its barely have any smell and inside the bottle I can see some debris and sandy looking things , I bought it from amazon directly . So , I will recommend everyone who want to buy to ask and confirm to amazon first before ordering this perfume .
 I know this product is really well-reviewed , so when I got it I was a bit surprised at the smell.It 's actually a very nice scent . It has more complexity than you might expect , and a good whiff does n't kill your nostrils.It also lasts a decent amount of time , and it 's definitely a scent you can wear in everyday environments , such as at work.My problem with it is that it 's quite a flowery scent . It 's something you might smell on an older woman , like your Mom . Still a very nice smell , just not for a man in my opinion.Maybe that 's why there are so many good reviews , is because women might like the smell of it , so the guys get good responses , and therefore write good reviews?And yes my bottle was sealed and says FOR MEN on the bottle . Too bad I ca n't return it , maybe I 'll give it to my Mom for Christmas .
 I do like most of Burberry 's line of colognes but I found this one to have a sour smell to it . I 'm very surprised most people liked the cologne . I 've been wearing cologne for over 20 years and have had dozens of different bottles and this one was definitely up there for the worst . I know colognes may vary from one person to the next but this one had a salty and sour fragrance to it .
 I 'm overlooking the fact that the product I received was obviously a previously returned item -LRB- the box was beat up and torn and I had one full ounce less product than marked on the bottle -RRB- . The smell of this product , while not offensive , is almost nauseating because it 's so overpowering . I put a dab on and my unsuspecting wife thought I was painting something with oil-based paints . Also , the ingredient list cold be considered a compendium of bad chemicals . Surprised by all the glowing reviews .
 Product was supposed to be in stock and have been waiting for a long time for shipment . Back ordered , is the excuse . Should not have been in stock message . I believe it was done on purpose . Buy from someone else.Plenty of suppliers out there .
 I happened to know about colognes a great deal , ... and I have conducted a teston this item and it proved to be fake , ... . the odor does not last long -LRB- not enough oil base -RRB- , in fact it smells even differenti bought the original one from the mall and you ca n't compare both ; the one from the mall has a scent that lasts much much longer and is very strong , this product has watery texture . I 'm 100 % convinced in my conclusion that this product is not the real Burberry made .
 I should have known from the price that something was up with this shampoo . I 've used this shampoo for about 5 years off and on -LRB- mostly on -RRB- because I love how it works and I especially love the smell of it . This shampoo that I recieved does not in any way smell the way it should . It doesnt smell bad or anything , it just doesnt smell the same at all . Because of the price I kept the shampoo as it worked alright and was inexpensive but I will order it from my hairdresser again from now on . You get what you pay for I suppose .
 They sent the wrong one . Bought it for my mom and took them to her -LRB- she does not leave in the country -RRB- and once I gave them to her found out they were the eye ones and not the ones listed . By now it is too late to return them . Very dissapointed .
 I have used this product for many years and love it . However , when I ordered it from this supplier , the description said that it would come in a box in its original package . It did not . CAVEAT EMPTOR ...
 This add misrepresents the product . It looks as if you are buying a collection of 3 brushs and only one arrived . Note the range pricing without any ability to select the actual brush you will be shipped . This is an improvement over when I ordered as it used to only have one price so I was very surprised to only receive one brush . The vendor never replied to two emails that I sent two weeks ago .
 Not a great brush - there is nothing great about this brush . I do n't even bother with it , get a ceramic one instead !
 This mascara is extremely wet , and I find it to be very messy . I have deep set eyes and and this mascara gets all over my eye lids .
 This mascara was dry and clumpy . Also , when you look down , it smudges . I will continue searching for a mascara for length and smudge proof .
 What a waste of money !! This product is so overpriced and disappointed us when it did absolutely nothing . Makes a great gag gift , but if you 're looking to care for your sore muscles , plain old epson salts do the trick .
 I have purchased this in the past with no problem but this time it had a strong acohol smell when first sprayed when that smell disapated there was no fragrance left ??? Horrible I will return it was I can find some extra time . This also happened to be a valentines present to myself ! No stars
 The product listed on the Amazon is not what was sent by Folica.com . The item number listed on Amazon shows tan towels in the silver packaging , which is what I ordered . However , what was sent was a different kind of towel in the orange/white packaging . Item advertised was not what was sent . False advertising - very aggrevating .
 This stuff is HARD . I mean take a pencil out of your desk drawer and try to use it as eyeshadow . I used it once and tossed it .
 Nothing against the soap , but the listing says this is 27 cents per ounce , which is way lower than the real price . If you figure it at 30 cents an ounce , that would work out to $ 38.40 for the whole bottle . It 's a good soap , but know what you 're really paying .
 I bought Soledad . I 've not quite found the right combination to make it pop for my coppery-brown skin tone . I do like the smell though ...
 This stuff is HARD . I mean take a pencil out of your desk drawer and try to use it as eyeshadow . I used it once and tossed it .
 I wanted to get a polish that would nourish my nails , as they become dry and brittle from washing dishes , etc. . I love China Glaze and was excited to try this out . The soft pink is very pretty and adds only the slightest hue . It also dries very fast . Unfortunately , I can not leave this polish on for more than a week as it makes my natural , long nails crack and spit at the tips . I never had this problem before and am sorely disappointed .
 The nail polish color was beautiful , but it takes at least five coats to get a good , solid color . When I opened this product , the polish was very runny , and the color had separated . And every time that the color sits for more than 10 minutes , the color starts to separate again . I wish I had tried the polish sooner , so that I could return it for a different bottle .
 i love this color but the one i recieve was in very bad condition . ive never had a nail polish that was so watery , i ca n't even use it . i do reccommend this color but not from this site , just buy it at a store .
 I 'm just flat out disappointed in this color ... I always apply nail strengthener and base coat to prime my nails , and I still had to pain 4 coats before I achieved solid color . I really do hate sheer nail polish ... I realize it 's a new formula for `` sorbet-like '' shades , but I did n't like the way it looked . I may need to paint a pale , opaque shade on my nails first and give it a second try .
 The product shown in the picture is a completely different color as the actual product . OPI is a great brand and the product works great , it 's just the wrong color ! I expected a reddish pink and this is more of a coral color !
 I have been using this product for about 3-4 weeks . My nails are thin and peel but also brittle and often snap off when bumped . I have 2 nails that have a split line in them . As soon as they grow out past the end of my finger , the split portion rips back down to nail line . So far I have not noticed any change . Almost all of my nails look like I keep them cut down to the quick . I am hoping that as they grow out this time they will be stronger and that I will eventually grow out the 2 nails with the split in them and resolve that problem . This is an ongoing problem and I am hoping that with time this product will work . At least it is reasonably priced so I can afford to wait and see if things improve .
 I bought this shampoo believing the hype that my hair would be thicker and possibly even start growing back . That did n't happen . In fact , when combined with the conditioner , which does n't condition at all , my hair became harder to comb and so more hair actually fell out . It does have a nice scent , but I do n't think that it cleaned my hair very well , as my hair felt quite oily .
 Since using nutri-ox shampooand conditioner itchy bumps have appeared all over my scalp , a problem I have never had before !
 we returned this item as it was not as advertised , so I ca n't truly judge its quality , just that it was not what we thought we ordered .
 On me this lipstick was a peachy , rust brown color with a matte finish that was really unattractive.My skin is very light with a touch of pink so I thought `` Blushing '' meant a touch of pink in the colorbut that was not the outcome . Think it would probably be much better on someone with a darker , warmer skin tone.Glad it was a gift with purchase from Clinique . The lipstick goes on easily & is moisturizing so I will try the pinkerversions of this product .
 it is product by 01/2007 , almost 4years , and the box is opened when i get it .
 I do n't personally use this unit , but my girlfriend does every morning , and it causes a huge degradation of my quality of life in the mornings . It initially does n't sound all that loud , but over time the high pitch squeal that it makes will start to drive you nuts . I do n't think she necessarily hears it as the sound exits through the back of the unit away from her , and I bear the brunt of the unpleasant noise.Anyway I can not recommend having one of these in your home if you live with other people . I figured it 's worth warning other people , so I made a quick stop to comment before shopping for a replacement so I can get back to relaxed mornings .
 I made my purchase and then read the reviews afterwards . Big mistake ! After reading the reviews , I discovered many customers had problems with the serial numbers missing and doubts of authenticity . When my product finally arrived , sure enough , the serial numbers were missing . The product was so obviously fake ! It had large white tags on the cord where serial numbers should have been , the box was n't sealed , and even the plug had a different look from a real one . I would not recommend this purchase , no matter how good the price . Instead , spend your money on a genuine T3 ... it 's worth it !
 I would n't rate it if I did n't have too !!! I 've gone through 5 of these until I quit trying to actually receive one that was n't defective !!! DO N'T BUY THIS DRYER !!!!! This dryer is n't even manufactured by T3 anymore !! I think I kept getting refurbished ones . They all came vibrating as soon as I turned them on . BEWARE , DO N'T PURCHASE !!!!!
 the on-off switch is extremely sensitive and right where your fingers land when you hold it - I am constantly turning it off while drying my hair . Really needs to be fixed . Other that that , it is a fine dryer .
 I bought my first T3 for the weight , noise , and ionic benefits . I had a T3 for years and loved the performance . However the construction was shabby from day one . The nozzle would not stay in place . I ended up taping it on . When it finally died , I replaced it with another T3 thinking the first one was a lemon . This last one also disappointed . The first time I tried to replace the concentrator , it bent the dryer!Plus this one seemed to leave my hair fuzzy - NO benefits from ionic ceramic claims . This one is in a drawer and I use the Revlon I bought for 1/3 the price .
 Stopped working within 90 days but not covered under warranty . Amazon refused to stand behind the product .
 I had this dryer for about a week and a half . It did n't turn on twice and started smoking once . I do not recommend ordering this item .
 It was quiet and light-weight and seems like it dries my hair faster then my old hair dryer . However , it broke after usage only 4 times . Only cool air came out and no HOT air no longer working !
 I owned this hairdryer for about 6 months . I must have gotten a dud because it never seemed really powerful , got waaaay too hot , and broke after 6 months . My hair did n't look any different with this dryer than with my old Conair cheapie that I got from CVS .
 When we tried to register the warranty , the company refused because a silver serial number tag on the power cord was missing -- and they said it was missing because Amazon tampered with the product . No kidding ! We do n't believe for a second that Amazon would ever do anything like this . What we suspect , but do n't know , is that the manufacturer , T3 Micro , Inc. , is protecting its full-price vendors . As to the blower , what you 're getting for roughly half price is a pretty good unit . It is very light and comfortable , but controls are limited . There are two fan speeds , but no heat settings . There is a cool air switch . All in all , it does a very nice job -- and on low speed , it is especially quiet . Despite the warranty situation , we decided to keep the blower . We would have given the blower itself three stars , maybe four , but the warranty matter was very disturbing .
 I 've had this dryer for a little over a year . Worked well , dried quickly and although not small the dryer is lightweight for its size . But just had a huge scare this morning while drying my hair . The cord literally broke off from the base sending a flare up of fire into the air and exposing the wires ! I 've had much cheaper dryer 's for years and I 've never experienced anything like this . Major safety issue and now i have a $ 100 dryer thats unusable after a little more then a year . I have a message into Amazon.com but i suspect since its been a little over a year any warranty that was offered is no longer valid . I 'll update this review when i get a response . -LRB- As far as its use , it was used about 5x per week and although it had a long cord I used it right by the outlet so it was n't stretch or tugged . The cord did get twisted up much easier then far cheaper dryers and other appliances and this may have contributed to the problem . -RRB-
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT FROM THIS MERCHANT ! I ordered this blow dryer 3 months ago and it has already broken . The merchant will not replace it and neither will Amazon because it is past the 30 day warranty . Amazon first told me they would replace it , but then changed their mind . I believe that when you pay over $ 100 for a product that breaks only a couple months later , it should be replaced . I suspect this product was used and refurbished . My advice would be to buy from a salon or beauty supply store because then you can register it with the manufacturer , which you can not if you buy it through Amazon . I am very disappointed with this product and the service I received from the seller and would discourage anyone from falling into the same trap I did .
 I have been `` eyeing '' this hair dryer for over a year . it WAS the hair dryer used by my stylist and it was the dryer provided by a luxury hotel at which i recently stayed . it `` retails '' at ulta for $ 200.00 i found it on amazon for $ 101 , including shipping and was so exited ! i received it between this past christmas and new years . During the second week of March , it just quit . I had saved the original packaging , so , although disappointed , I thought i would have no problem returning it for a replacement . I emailed the manufacturer , who informed me that amazon.com was not an authorized dealer -LRB- so why did they wholesale it to amazon or one of its affiliates ? -RRB- , but that they would be happy to replace it upon their receipt of the product + a check for $ 54.95 . On the same day , i went to my stylist for the scheduled appointment ; she was no longer using that hair dryer and i learned that hers just quit too . She is using a different brand . I am hoping that the new hair dryer that i have now purchased will not look for reasons to avoid honoring their warranty . I had no idea i was doing it , but felt like i put an unsuccessful $ 100 bet on this product .
 Dryer lasted exactly 90 days and died . This was a replacement to the exact dryer I bought from Ulta 3 years ago . So disappointing to see Amazon offer this product from this vendor given the number of complaints and problems .
 My T3 just stopped working after 3 ' MONTHs , 3 months !!! I am a professional and can NOT afford for this to happen while blowdrying a clients hair.This has NEVER , ever , happen to me with ANY other professional blowdryer ! I am taking One more chance on this product since , I have a bad shoulder & it really is light weight & leaves the hair very smooth & shinny ... LAST CHANCE T3 ! side note
 Would not purchase a product if it can not be registered for warranty . Purchased in good good faith hair dryer through Amazon and upon receiving it , went online to register it . Was told by manufacturer that seller not authorized dealer for this product and therefore it could not be registered . Therefore would like to return and have notified seller who does not respond . I expect a full refund .
 Hi Gang , I just threw this Hair Dryer away after having it for about two years . It has begun to smoke and smell horrible . I did some research and found out that Bespoke will do anything to get out of a warranty for this thing . If you bought it here at Amazon they wo n't touch it . Hence the circular file ... When it did work , it worked just okay . I did n't like the speeds on the fan or the heat settings . High is too high , low is too low , none of them felt quite right . Save yourself some money and buy the Remington D2012 that they sell here at Amazon . Our new one just arrived . It 's got a quieter motor , absolute perfect fan speeds and heat settings , and a true 4 year warranty . Best part ? You can buy almost THREE of them for the price I paid for the Bespoke.If you are looking for a top of the line Hair Dryer then keep looking . The Bespoke has no warranty here and the product really is n't that well thought out in the first place . Look at one of the other offerings and make sure you get a true warranty .
 We bought the T3 Featherweight through Amazon less than a year ago . The dryer died yesterday . I contacted T3 and they stated that they would not honor their warranty because Amazon was not `` an authorized dealer '' . They offered to replace the dryer for $ 50.00 . I advised them I would let Amazon know that the dryers they are selling are not backed by a warranty because they are not an authorized dealer . Sounds like a bunch of manure to me .
 I have had two T3 Tourmaline hair dryers and both have seriously dangerous wiring issues and caused electrical sparks and fire down the cord . I 'm sending T3 's blow dryer to the Federal Trade Commission to investigate the safety , but since that process takes time , I wanted to alert others of the fire and electorcution hazard of the T3 hair dryer.I purchased a T3 hair dryer on Amazon -LRB- a purchase that can be verified -RRB- . After using it for less than 8 months , it fired 6-8 inch red sparks when turned on . The sparks from the electrical fire extended a couple feet down the cord . I was lucky that my arm was outstretched and am thankful for not being electrocuted.An isolated incident unrelated to the T3 dryer itself , you might think . Well , I did , and based on the glowing reviews , I replaced that T3 hair dryer with another one . At about the ten month point -LRB- last week -RRB- , I turned on the dryer and a loud screeching noise erupted from dryer , giving off a terrible electrical fire smell , and blowing the fuse . I 'm grateful that the dryer 's dangerous malfunction tripped the switch before being electrocuted.The T3 dryers are n't the only items I use in that outlet , which works perfectly fine for anything else -LRB- e.g. , waterpik , hair iron , etc. -RRB- . Nor was I around water when both of these T3 dryers basically exploded into electrical flames . I 'm not a cat with nine lives , so two T3 hair dryers that threaten to be fatal was enough.I contacted T3 with the limited information on their site , alerting the company and asking for their mailing address to return their consumer hair dryer to inspect for safety . They absolutely wo n't give out their mailing address , even when alerted to a potentially fatal product . The T3 company just sends template emails , with no contact person , name , or address , and demands to know that model number . This is in response to a request to send them one of their products that is so seriously defective that it could be fatal.Now , I do n't run a consumer products company , but if I was told a customer was nearly electrocuted and sparks are firing from my product , I 'm pretty certain I 'd be responsive , regardless of whether the dangerous item was black or white . Very shady in my view , prompting me to wonder if there are others who 've experienced T3 's defective product and give up trying to contact the company .
 I have owned 3 T3s -LRB- Three different models , including this one -RRB- . They are great while they last . My third one just died after only 5 months and I WO N'T be buying another one ! The heating element has gone out on every one of them after less than a year of use . Do n't waste your money .
 Although there is a 4 year warranty on this product , the seller went out of business and no one can tell me where to return this nonworking dryer . It 's touted as superior with a long warranty but what good is the warranty when you ca n't get it honored ? A dryer this expensive that breaks after a year is no different than a cheaper model that you can at least replace 5 times over this one .
 I am a loyal Amazon customer , but much to my disappointment I was sold a used blow dryer . The packaging looked conventional . Upon closer inspection , I noticed the white label that should be affixed by law to the bottom of the electrical cord -LRB- warning of water danger -RRB- was missing . But this is the worst ; the words `` off '' and `` low '' were gone from the handle of the dryer , partially worn off from use . Where the hand would grip the dryer , the words had rubbed off ! I could not find in the Amazon product description the words `` reconditioned '' but it seems that is what you could get . I did speak , sort of , to a customer agent , who said I would get a `` new '' one . I was not sure if that meant `` new '' or `` another . '' It came right away with free shipping and it does indeed look new . Just remember it has a 30 day warranty .
 This is the worst dryer I 've ever used in 20 years as a professional stylist . Arrived damaged . Seller refuses to take it back . They call it `` bespoke '' Because it sounds like the a BEE in your ear . Rattles .
 Not the best hair drier I 've used it gets hot as you cornuie to use it but I would n't have purchased it if I was to look for a professional hair drier that can bring up the heat because this does n't really do that .
 I 'm one of those people who reads most reviews before purchasing a product on Amazon . I understand that it seems like most of the time there is that one or two people who speak poorly about a product that the masses rave about . It 's just a blow dryer , about $ 80 at that , but still just a blow dryer . This product could be a good hair dryer , but the plug does not work subsequently neither does the dryer.Why I 'm leaving this review is to expose the lack of commitment the seller has towards their product and customer . The seller would not respond to my emails about this broken down product in under four months . For the first 3 months the dryer worked well . Then the dryer at times would work and not work . Finally the dryer would not turn on . I cut the plug off and tested the power to the dryer without the plug . The plug is bad and so is the dryer with this plug .
 Paid almost $ 100 for worst blower i ever had ! Dont get fooled by its stylish looks . The heat was generous but the power was weak and took forever to dry my short hair . To top it off in less than 4 weeks the front nozzle broke off making it totally unusable . I purchased this hair blower for its high rating on an online review as being one of the best hair blowers for the price . I was also looking for a lightweight blower which is probably the only good thing you will get from this product ! According to what ive read on Amazon , I dont believe it is warrantied by the manufacturer when purchased from Amazon . Dont waste your money ! Will try and get a refund from the seller ... . DiscountsJungle
 I read so many reviews on this hair dryer before I bought it and I purchased it anyway despite the fact that several people noted it died shortly after purchase ... so mea culpa . Here are the positives : - It 's very light-Generates great heat-Love the extra long cord-They provided extra filters when I purchased it which I thought was a good thing but ... Now the negatives : - Even if you change the filter regularly -LRB- hint , hint with the included extras -RRB- , mine died after a year . - It 's passing was very dramatic and looked like it was going to catch on fire , and smelled like it too.So it 's great as long as it works , until it does n't ...
 I did a lot of research before buying this hair dryer . I debated between the Elchim 2001 Classic and this one , and ended up getting this one . i should n't have ignored the reviews cautioning me on this product . After using this product for about 3 months , it 's broken ; it makes a low whirring sound and barely blows any air out on high power , makes a weird burning smell , and emits extremely , extremely hot air.So , potential buyers , beware !!!!! I did n't believe the negative reviews here , but trust me , now I do !! My new Elchim Classic will hopefully arrive within the next week .
 I was very disappointed in this hairdryer . I tried it out and it seemed to work fine ; then when I went to use it , it would n't cut on . I smelled smoke and saw sparks . I just returned it and hope to get a replacement soon . Hopefully that one will work better .
 I bought this hairdryer under the impression that I was getting some magnificent piece of equipment . At $ 200 , this `` magnificent piece of equipment '' starting whistling at me within DAYS of using it . I went back to the store , and they kindly exchanged it . About one week later , it began whistling again . I went back to the store and they exchanged it for me . The third hairdryer I received did n't whistle until about a month of using it . Because this hairdryer got so many great reviews , I was willing to exchange it one more time , and so , I got my fourth hairdryer in 2008 . It worked great up until about four days ago when I smelled something that smelled like it was burning . That alarmed me , but I ignored it . Then two days later , I heard something pop inside my hairdryer . After that , there was a piece of something rattling around inside of it ! I finally had had enough , so today , I returned my hairdryer and got my money back . My husband did some research , and we found a great $ 35 hairdryer that works just as well , if not better , than the $ 200 piece of crap that I had to return multiple times .
 Purchased this dryer 2 months ago and it started to make a humming noise about a week ago and within a day is was not working . Seems to me this must have been a refurbished hair dryer because I have my old one that I purchased from QVC 3 years ago and it is still in perfect working condition . Do n't waste your money ordering from this vendor . Something is not right that it worked for only a short amount of time but long enough that I am unable to return it . This is one very disatisfied customer . If I could have given it no stars I would have done so .
 I purchased one to try . Then two more , the first on failed at at arrival and since I call 32 days after I ordered , not received . It has been used twice ! They declined to honor this purchase ? I have called five times to only be told there is no supervisor to make a decision ? Them they tell me they declined it . But will never call or email back ! The product is defective . The handle is burning up and burnt my daughter 's hand!Dissipointed !!!
 I reluctantly purchased this hairdryer after reading all the reviews . I did n't really want to spend that much money when there where hairdryers for significantly less . The good things
 $ 100 + is a lot to pay for a hair dryer that only lasts for 9 months . Do n't bother . If you want to spend the money on a high-end hair dryer , make sure it has a guarantee . This one does not .
 The hairdryer does not work at all . I have sent 3 emails to the company with no avail . I am going to have to stop payment . I do n't know what else to do ! Nancy
 I purchased this hairdryer specifically for the lengthy warranty . However , my dryer came without a serial number and therefore I could n't get the warranty . I returned to Amazon stating the problem and got another one with no serial number . The return process was easy and painless , but they did not pay attention to my comment or the product . It is obvious Amazon is not an authorized dealer . Never tried the dryer .
 Lasted 7 months . In that 7 months it sporatically shuts itself off . Now its completely dead . The manufacturer wo n't warranty it because amazon is not an authorized dealer.My $ 10 conair has lasted at least 15 years ! What a waste .
 I oredered this item and I received it in non-working condition.So , I figured i have to call their customer servive and ask for RMA ... Yeah , right ... just try to find their contact info online.Well , ok ... I did get packing slip/invoice so I figured i will get their info there , right?Wrong ! There is no info there either ... I wonder if this company is even legal and paying taxes ?! The only way you can contact them is thru amazon 's email form and they will replay you with some generic email saying that you need to pay 15 % restocking fee and return shipping fee !! So you recive an item that doesnt work and then you have to pay extra $ 50 or so to have it replaced !? It 's just not worth my time ... Dont take the risk of losing your time and money as I did.I had to file a claim to Amazon and i am looking forward to file a claim with BBB.Thanks for the reading and I wish you good luck!Sasa
 Do n't buy this product ! It is NOT from an auth dealer . Amazon put up a fight when I returned it and it somehow it `` got lost in the mail '' so they didnt refund me . Seriously do n't get sucked in .
 I have always used relatively inexpensive hair dryers and have never had one break . I splurged over $ 150 for a Bespoke Dryer and the thing burned out before I even had it for a year -LRB- and I do n't even use it once daily -RRB- . It literally sets off the smoke alarm when I use it . Had to throw it out . What a total waste of money . And forget any warranty - they do n't stand by their product .
 I bought this hair dryer with high hopes that it would be the dryer of my dreams ! Not so . I used it for about a month , trying to like it . It was quiet and light weight , but did n't dry my hair in half the time of my cheap dryer like everyone states it should . It took about the same amount of time due to the fact that it does n't have much blowing power . It 's like my old hair dryer on low ! I hated it so much I sold it on ebay and bought an Elchim 2100 . Now , that dryer really BLOWS ! It 's also a whole lot less expensive and supposed to last for 2000 hours of use . At 5 minutes of use per day -LRB- yes , it 's that fast -RRB- , that 's 65 years !
 The hairdryer is nothing special . It is not powerful enough although I have straight hair . Not really worth the money .
 This dryer is not worth the money !!! I used it for 3 days in a row thinking it would get better for some reason and it did n't . It did nothing exceptioinal for my hair . It barley blew out any air . My hair looked and felt the same after every blow dry . Compared to the dryer I have now , which I spent $ 50 on at Sally Beauty Supply , I would rather keep my old one . In my opinion the old one did a better job for less money . I do n't see what all the hype is about T3 products ? I also tried a straightening iron by them and it was a piece of % * & # .
 bought it . did n't use it . wanted a silver one . picture looks silver . returned it . will get exactly what i want instead .
 I 've had 2 of these dryers in the past 21/2 years and both dryers broke the same way - I turned them on and there was a funny noise and smoke started coming out the back . It looks like the fan just completely broke off . I had gotten the first through my sister who is a hairdresser and she replaced it for me -LRB- that one lasted less than 6 months -RRB- and the second one lasted longer , but still not long enough considering the cost . There are limited setting options too , so those of you looking for `` cool shot '' or `` warm '' options should look elsewhere . It is very light and I liked it , but am going back to more reasonably costing models with good reviews over risking another $ 100 + on this again .
 I did not find anything exceptional about this dryer . i think it is over priced and I 've had better luck with my $ 39.00 hair dryer that is 1850 watts . I bought mine though my hair dresser . I know she only paid $ 80.00 for it , because I was there when the sales girl sold it to her . It was a poor choice on my part to even buy it and if i could i would return it . do n't waste your money on it . its not any better then something you can buy at Sallys beauty supply or any local beauty supply house . the only thing i can say about it , is that you turn it on it works , but not with the best of power .
 I ordered a T3 dryer from Amazon because I had one previously and really like it . I just tried to register the dryer and realized there was no serial number on the cord . I should have read the reviews because I see several other people have had the same problem . Disappointed about this . You think you are getting a good price and then find out maybe in the long run your not .
 I like the extra long cord and I think it dries my hair a little faster but not by much . I do n't like where the on/off buttons are located I will be drying my hair and I accidently keep hitting them also it is not very quiet . Would n't buy it again or recommend it .
 This product comes with a one year warranty from the merchant as opposed to a four year warranty from the manufacturer . There is no serial number attached to the power cord so you ca n't register for warranty.Also our product made a distinctive sound that we did not have when we bought our first hair dryer from the manufacturer directly 5 years ago ... Lesson learned , wanted to try to save on the purchase price , lost on the quality and warranty . Attempting to return the product . I would advise not to buy this product from this merchant .
 Does n't get hot enough to style my hair . It dries it , and leaves it frizz free , but it just does n't get hot enough to shorten my drying time or omit the need for straightening iron . It is nicely designed and really light weight , but it just did n't do the job . I 'm returning mine .
 I will say that this blowdryer does dry my hair faster than a regular one , but for 150 bucks my hair still comes out frizzy . I tried to send the warranty and yes since amazon is NOT an authorized buyer Bespoke Labs will NOT honor the warranty . It was too late for me to return . I 'd rather have bought the smaller version full price at Sephora or somewhere else , but I feel this was a big waste of my money .
 T3 Bespoke Labs 83808-SE Featherweight Professional Ionic Ceramic Tourmaline Hair DryerThis dryer is dangerous , and does n't work well at all . Yes , it dries hair . There is no standard temperature setting , you can just have high strength or low -LRB- wind level , not heat -RRB- and it is so hot i 've burned myself and my hair on it . Because it gets so hot , it 's own internal temperature regulator SHUTS IT OFF all the time in the middle of drying . The only way to turn it back on is to wait until it decides it 's ready to go again -LRB- several minutes of sitting . -RRB- It is quieter , but who cares , if it 's quietly burning your skin and hair ? i am actively pursuing a refund , do n't waste your money .
 Do n't waste your money on this hairdryer . It is poorly constructed . When I took off the attachment , it fell apart with a piece getting stuck inside . In trying to get the piece out the plastic cracked . One of the worst hairdyers I have ever used .
 I 've had two . First one quit working in 2 months . Replacement ALSO quit working after 3 months . I still have n't gotten all the gory details on WHERE to send this second defective unit . Plus , I have to pay to ship it there AND include a check for $ 14.95 for `` processing '' . Some warranty . It may be 4 years , but is it worth the hassle - time & expense - of returning every 3-4 months ? The worst part is that the first one was a gift from my sister-in-law and she was mortified so handled the first replacement ... the store kindly exchanged it for her . She paid $ 200 for the darn thing , so I would hope so ! In any case , I did not want to prevail upon her kindness again , so decided to handle this one myself . I go to the web site - no info there - says to call them . I call them . They tell me to go to the website and send an email . Huh ? Why could n't they have just said that on the website ? I suspect because they have a LOT of defective units but do n't want people to guess that , and if they had the warranty info there , well , it would be a negative and not a positive . At any case , and at that kind of money , there should be better quality control -LRB- AND WARRANTY instructions ! -RRB- so that I do n't have to go thru this every 3 months ! What is wrong with this picture ? Yes , buy it if you want to deal with the warranty mess and inconvenience and cost . You 'll love it for the 3 months , miss it for 2 months while awaiting the warranty info/replacement ... and then the cycle will begin again . I have very thick hair with waves and it works wonders and leaves my hair shiny . But , geesh , I could never recommend it to anyone . $ 200 and I have to send it back for warranty every 2-3 months . Hello ??? Bespoke are you listening ???? My friends would never forgive me if I recommended such a poor quality product to them . Now that I had to prevail upon my sister-in-law to get her receipt , and I have it in hand , I can now spend my money to send the thing back . This has added 3 weeks to the delay , but I have FOUR YEARS . At this rate , they will probably wait until just about the end of that period to send me a replacement so the new one will be out of warranty practically when it arrives . I got the first one in late Dec 2006 . The second one in mid-March
 I ordered a T3 dryer from Amazon and it came minus the serial # so I was not able to register it with T3 . At the high price , it needs to be registered for warranty . Amazon replaced it , and again , the serial # is missing !!! They are not buying these from an authorized dealer . The serial # should be on the cord . Anyone else have this issue ?
 I used the dryer for about a year . One day I was blow drying my then 6 year old daughter 's hair when sparks started flying out of the dryer . I freaked out ! I am trying to get a replacement but the company is giving me a hard time because I bought it through Amazon and they are not an `` authorized re-seller . '' Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased a hairdryer for over $ 100 from this vendor in Jan 2009 . I filled out all the warranty forms and submitted to T3 as expected . Now it 's October of 2011 and it is already breaking . I was sold a POS ! So when I contacted the manufacturer about the dryer no longer functioning properly , they responded via email that this vendor AND Amazon.com are not an authorized resellers of T3 products and my dryer is not covered under the warranty . Now I am royally hosed.I highly suggest NOT purchasing any products that may require a warranty fix from any vendor like this .
 First , I was very much unimpressed by this hair dryer . Given its price , I was expecting something significantly better than a 20 dollar dryer -- NONE . And it 's no featherweight , it 's heavier than my previous one.Second , I found that I could n't register this product because its lack of the serial number . Though on the manual , it specifically says if the serial number is missing , it might not be authentic . So here goes the warranty comes with the bespoke itself . But I reasoned it must still be authentic since it 's sold by amazon . . Third , I went to sephora and found this one on shelf . Man , the one in sephora , though looked exactly like this one I had , but it 's real featherweighted -- just by this , I did n't even need to try out the functionality of that one in sephora to understand I have got this fake one from Amazon.Amazon tried to charge me restocking fee for this one that is fake . I need a resolution !! Please do n't buy , it 's fake .
 Too strong ! Not my scent ! It gives me headache . -- I bought this several months ago and tried several times to appreciate the smell since all the reviews were great but this is really a strong scent and I ca n't take it . Sorry ...
 Is my mom 's favorite perfum , in Mexico I have troubles to find it . I bought it in this web site but I received the perfum opened and somebody used it because the original package was open .
 I have used Lancome eye liner many times before . What I did n't know was , not every Lancome eyeliner is made equal . If I had known the quality of this one , I would n't have bought it ... . It sits on my dressing table collecting dust ...
 It is great as a curling iron , well ... as good as any other you 'd get at Target or Wal Mart but if you do buy it and plan on using it as a straightener , be prepared to buy it often.I went through three of these in less than a year because the locking device that keeps it closed so that you can use it as a regular curling iron breaks VERY EASILY !!
 I purchased this item at Wal-mart . I was so excited because it offered the ceramic curling/straightening capability in one unit for a great price . Sadly , my excitement quickly faded . After only a few uses -LRB- a week span time -RRB- , the clamp knobs popped off , the lock feature broke and the ceramic itself started to chip ! Trust me this was n't due to any misuse or abuse on my part . The product is simply very poorly made and a waste of money !!
 Bought it and returned it the next day . Thought this combo was a good idea especially for travel , one less thing to pack . Quickly realized why this was so bad . First , the plates do n't clamp down enough to straighten my hair and Second most importantly how easy it is to BURN yourself . since its also a curling iron it heats up around the whole area . Dont get your fingers too close or get too close trying to straighten the layer closest to your neck . . STAY AWAY FROM CURLING IRON/STRAIGTENER COMBOS !!!
 I purchased this straightening iron today and boy am I disappointed . It does n't completely close together so even with my THICK hair it hardly worked . After about 3 minutes of having it plugged in at the medium setting , thick , black smoke started coming out of the end . Save your money and purchase a better quality straightener . This piece of junk is going back tomorrow !
 When I first bought this product , I was it 's biggest fan . Sure , it does n't clamp tightly on your hair , but it did a good impromptu job . The whole thing pretty much fell apart on me -- with the first thing to go being the lever that holds the straightener together when using the curling function . I was still able to use it , though , until this morning when I woke up and for no reason at all , the whole thing pretty much was broken in half .
 This straightener is completely terrible !! The plates do n't close together completely so it only straightens your hair in random places . After using this , my hair looked worse than it did when I first woke up . The curling iron is just average . Do not buy this , it will NOT work .
 I received this straightener/curling iron as a christmas present and it is the worst product ever . It smells like the plastic on it is burning , the straightener does n't even clamp closed on my hair to straighten it . The locking device on it , is horrible , it takes several tries to get it to lock shut . It does n't get anywhere hot enough even when put on 25 . The curling iron does n't clamp tight onto my hair either so I do n't even get a decent semi curl out of it ! When you do close it , you can clearly see a gap between into between the ceramic plates . Also the on/off button is right where you would lay your hand on the handle to hold the straightenter so you constantly have to check to make sure you did n't switch it off !
 I recieved the revlon 2 in 1 straightner and curling iron as a christmas present a couple years ago . I did n't use it much at first but now that I started I 'm very disappointed with it . It does n't clamp down all the way and it makes my hair look worse . I have thick hair that is straight and after I use it my hair is a frizzy poofed out mess and no straightness to it at all . I will be investing in a new one after doing some research
 This product is unsafe . The heat dial goes up to 20 . I had it on 5 and dropped it on my arm with less than one second of contact . I received third degree burns that did not heal for three weeks and will probably leave a 1 '' x 3 '' scar on my arm for life . I ca n't even imagine what it would do set on 20 , probably burn your hair off and anything else it touches . It should be recalled .
 As soon as I turned it on , the straightener did n't work . It took a long time to heat up an the curler was rough and did n't work for my hair . I will never use this again .
 This product is awful . STAY AWAY ! How on earth did they think it would straighten hair if the top and bottom of the flat iron do n't touch when it is closed ?!
 Words can not express my dissatisfaction with this product . It takes me close to ten minutes to straighten my hair , even on the highest heat setting . What 's more , due to the fact that the straightener does not close completely , my hair still is n't perfectly straight when I am through . Inside of the straightener are screws holding it together , and my hair regularly gets caught on the screws and ripped out . On top of all of this , the hinge snapped one day while I was using it and the straightener literally fell apart . I have happily replaced this flat iron with a new one , but I do n't know if the emotional scarring the Revlon straightener left behind will ever heal . For the love of hair , do NOT buy this product !
 The little locking tab broke withing the first week . When I called Revlon , they said `` not my problem , call Helen of Troy '' . I did - and they sent me a replacement that is so badly constructed that I can see the wires in the joint .
 I bought this as I had a Revlon straightener in the past and absolutely love it . I was looking for a new one with a ceramic plates . Decided on this one because I thought that the curling iron was a great added feature . Boy was I wrong brought it home , went to use it the next day and it was broken . It did n't seem to be that big of an issue and as my other one wasnt working and I did n't have time to go return it I figured I would use it then return it when I had time the next day . I was very disappointed . It heats up okay , but without grabbing the tip of it It does n't securely close onto the hair thus having to repeat the same section multiple times or use both hands . I came back to it a day later and the part that was broken from the little use I gave it was 10X worse . Basically on the plastic part that holds the two sides `` together '' is broken to the point that if I let it separate I can see the inside wires . I would n't buy this product again , and after looking at the reviews now I should n't have even bought it to begin with .
 I purchased this iron yesterday . The straightener had a couple of nicks/chips on the flat plate . Quality control anyone ??? They caught onto my hair and pulled it out . I had to hold the straightener together very tightly to get it to work . Also , the curling iron function did n't let me smoothly curl my hair . The clamp does n't hold the hair onto the iron . It just slides right out , so you ca n't really do much curling . I am keeping my fingers crossed that rite-aid will let me return it because of the chips on the flat-iron plate .
 Very poor quality . I liked the combo b/c I travel a lot and its convenient . Also both heat at the same time so I can use either . However , after using one for a month the hinge broke . Thinking I had a defective one , I returned it and got another . The same thing happened.I would recommend the Conair Ceramic 2-N-1 Straightener & Curling Iron instead . The hinge is in the middle so not as much strain is put on it . The Conair is working great so if you want a 2 in 1 combo I would skip the Revlon and get the Conair.Conair Ceramic 2-N-1 Straightener & Curling Iron
 I just bought this straightener today , but I was sad to find out that the two irons do n't come together close enough for it to apply enough pressure to really straighten your hair . My hair is usually very quick and easy to straighten too . The curling iron part works alright , but it 's can kind of rip on your hair ... I got this for $ 15 at walmart and I 'm going to take it back tomorrow and try to find something better . : -RRB-
 I liked this product when I first bought it . My hair is n't curly but I sometimes wanted it to just be sleeker so the flat iron worked well enough for me . However it soon fell apart . Do n't waste your money !
 I was really looking forward to receiving this item but was extremely disappointed when I used it ! It does not do what it is designed for
 From reading all the other reviews , I thought this would be the best deal for a straightner/curling iron in one . The curling iron works great , and if you are looking for a curling iron I would recommend a Revlon . However , the straightner did not work on my hair at all . My hair is almost naturally straight just with a little wave here and there , and it couldnt even straighten out the little waves . I had to turn mine up to the highest temperature , and then the outside of the barrel was the only part that really got hot . When you clamp the straightner together the plates do not touch . You have to squeeze the black part on the end really hard to make it actually touch your hair , and if you do that little pieces of your hair get snagged on the plate and pulled out . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 The color is way too light to show up on my eye lids and I 'm fair complected . The product itself is good since I did use the other color I ordered .
 The description says that this does not need sharpening , it does . This is not the twist eyeliner , it is a pencil . I used to order one that was a twist up but they no longer offer it . So instead I ordered this one and it is not the same thing
 I ordered three of these combs because they were advertised as `` All Fine Teeth . '' They are n't . They are half fine teeth and half not-fine teeth . When I contacted the seller , so-called `` BeatBargains , '' I got the ridiculous excuse that `` other sellers in amazon have and can change the item listing info ... Unfortunetly we dont carry the item you specificly want so that puts us in a bad situation . '' -LRB- Spelling errors replicated as received . -RRB- Then they offered me a `` reasonable partial refund . I can do this to show you how sorry we are . '' Uh huh . I had to insist on a full refund , which they graciously gave me AFTER I returned the combs .
 These combs actually appear on the screen larger than the actual size , so be careful that the smaller version is the one you actually want . There was also a 7 inch comb , which is the one I would have rather purchased , but by the time I received them , it was too late for me to exchange them .
 Just bought a half dozen of these combs at Walgreens for 59 cents each.Be detailed and specific . What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product?Not too short and not too long . Aim for between 75 and 300 words .
 The price was too high for the Clipper-mate Pocket Comb 5 '' All Fine Teeth . My husband combed his hair with this comb and thought it was an inferior product . It is too much trouble to return the comb , but I certainly would not buy it again .
 I have n't been having luck finding fine tooth pocket combs , so I ordered this one . It 's like a hard rubber comb ; nothing like the stronger plastic ones I 've had in the past . Fortunately , I found some Ace combs at my local Vons so I stocked up on some of those . This one 's going in the trash .
 I bought this a long time ago ... very small , soft , smeary little messything.Didn ' t last , but did embed it 's self into every crease and for some reasonwas impossible to remove : / I found their eye brow pencil worked beautifully for the desired look : -RSB-
 I think I built too many expectations for this product . After the kajal my indian friend Samira gave to me before she flew back to India ran out I have been in an intense search to find something comparable . This one , my friend , does not.I do like that it can be easily smudged , however , it does n't pass the `` one swatch test '' , it 's not consistent nor pigmented . It did n't pass the 2nd , nor the 3rd , and just the 4th time I went over my lid with it , it was pitch black . I was surprised that it lasted nicely about 3 hours in a sunny day outside , though.Why did it get 2 stars ? SMALL . I read some reviews about it and I would n't spend more than a dollar fifty in it . It 's an INCH big . AN INCH ! If you want something to wear everyday , I would n't say it would last over 2 weeks -LRB- pushing it -RRB- and for six dollars . NO WAY!Another thing , it is cheaply made . I feel like the case is gon na break if I do n't hold it right and it will not stand any impact without falling apart . The make up itself is also not the most `` sturdy '' and I feel like it 's ready to split in a half at any moment I use it . It 's also not creamy and hard to get on your lid and it 's going to be terrible when the tip goes away to use it right under your eyes.So if you do n't mind spending 6-8 bucks on this product and want something to wear occasionally and to be on a safe place in your purse , go for it . It 's no perfect , but nice for touch ups.If you were expecting a nice kajal or at least very good quality make up , spend more or spend on something else . This one is really not worth it !
 When i bought the Kajal Eyeliner i was expecting it to be like the Indian eyeliners . My mom always got me some from India , and they came on dark with no smearing , but after i received the eyeliner , it was soooo TINNYY ... it looks really cute and stylish so i bought 2 one for me and one for my friend , it was her birthday and i was excited to get her one ... she loves eyeliners . The shipping was okay , it came a day or two late . Anyway , before i gave it to my friend , i tested the one i bought for myself out . when applied it does look pretty , but i had to go over my eyes 10 times , because i like it dark . it was like a crayon , totally not what i was expecting . i would n't recommend this to anyone , because its small , last maybe 2 weeks , and it take a while to apply if your looking for dark eyes . i 'm not sure about the top lid as i only use it on my inner bottom lid .
 I was looking for a good , thick , kohl/Kajal product . At first I thought this was it , but despite its decent color , it smears VERY easy . So unless you are careful , I would only recommend this is a near last resort . Not to mention you are n't really getting a whole lot of eyeliner .
 This product was nothing like I expected it to be . The bullit was extremely hard and therefore could not be used on the inner lid of my eyes . I am very dissatisfied with this product .
 I bought a 1.49 $ lip pencil , among other items . This lip liner was totally defective.The bottom of the pencil twisted as if it would turn up which it did n't . I contacted the seller to exchange , they told me to sharpen the pencil , which I did . Then the entire inside of the lip liner fell out staining my carpet . The price is irrelevant , Point is terrible customer service and rotten product!Stay away
 Vendor accuses me of lying about never receiveing product . According to them
 Picture is not what you 're getting . KMS has a new formula which has a different packaging and an unbearable smell . I had to send it back . I thought I was getting the old formula because that is what is pictured .
 On me this lipstick was a peachy , rust brown color with a matte finish that was really unattractive.My skin is very light with a touch of pink so I thought `` Blushing '' meant a touch of pink in the colorbut that was not the outcome . Think it would probably be much better on someone with a darker , warmer skin tone.Glad it was a gift with purchase from Clinique . The lipstick goes on easily & is moisturizing so I will try the pinkerversions of this product .
 It does not last long on your lips . I expected better quality for a more expensive product . I will not buy it again .
 I was a little disappointed with this lip pencil . It was nice , the way it is designed ; flat ; but , it was very dry and too dark .
 After all the time I spent searching for the product could . Not find the shade I wanted , so I thought i 'd try a different shade . waste of my hard earned money ! , , does not go on well at all color is bad nothing like chart shown and I was waiting for a matte , lip pencil it was n't at all . Very dissappointed !
 I ca n't purchase this product until I know what the percentage of pine tar is in the shampoo . Please add it to the description so that I may see how it compares to other types of shampoo with pine tar as the main healing ingredient . Thank you !!!
 I know this product is genuine but I just could not work my way around this . I love Boss Bottled which I believe is a gourmand as well . But Lolita Lempicka has a kind of very sweet sugary spicy smell which my nose could not stand . It is very sharp and I would not recommend this for people with sensitive nose . I thought my nose just needs to get used to this type . So I tried 3 times and I had to wash my hands off because I might throw up if I kept it on my skin . Finally , I gave this up to a friend . If you know someone who has this , try before you buy . This is definitely not a blind buy kind of fragrance.Update 02/09/2011I stopped by at my friend 's place and I was curious to try this one more time to see if I have developed a liking towards this . Fortunately I have not . It still smells bad on me . I am sorry , but I will not recommend this to any man .
 Too much dusty powder and licorice . Gave it to a friend , over 60 , who loved it .
 I was looking for something different and unique . I 've been collecting colognes now for a couple of years , and I have over 20 different colognes.I came across a few reviews of this Lolita Lempicka Au Masculin , and the reviews caught my attention.Since none of the stores in my area sell this cologne , I ended up blind-buying this one.The description of the cologne is very accurate . It truly does smell like black liquorice , and I think it 's a very beautiful and attractive smell.The only problems with this cologne is that it only lasts on my skin for about ONE HOUR and the projection is non-existent !!! I 've never had a cologne fade away so quickly . It 's kind of depressing because I really love how this cologne smells.The projection is great for like the first 5 minutes ; after that , it stays about 1 inch away from the skin.No ... It 's not because I 've become `` accustomed '' to the smell . Like I said earlier , I have over 20 different colognes.Every time I start using a new cologne , I can sense it for its entire staying time.That was not the case with Au Masculin . The first time I wore it , the smell was completely gone after one hour.I 'll go ahead and keep this as a collection item since it has a unique smell and bottle design , but I 'll never waste my money on Lolita Lempicka Au Masculin again !
 I wrote a review for another product , eye shadow and gave it one star . The review has been changed to 3 stars by someone . Why ask for a review if you -LRB- Amazon -RRB- change it ? For what it 's worth - I ordered 10 of L'Oreal eye pencil and received 1 . I paid an exorbitant postage and handling fee for one -LRB- 1 -RRB- pencil . Where are the other nine -LRB- 9 -RRB- pencils?Does anybody read these things ?
 It feels as if it 's expired . It does n't go on smoothly at all , and it requires a special sharpener . Overpriced
 It seemed like a very nice bathtub accessory ; tried the sounds first and was looking forward to using it in the tub . Once in the tub , it sprung a leak and filled with water , shorting out the electrical works . -LRB- not me , luckily -RRB-
 Worked great first use - could switch through sounds and turn massage on/off . Rinsed off after use and could not turn off the sounds , had to remove battery to turn it off.Very comfortable , just do n't expect to count on the features working well .
 Recently I tried liquid , cream , and this colorstay foundation as an alternative to mineral makeup.BIG mistake.Liquid makeup provides NO coverage.Cream makeup was a little more coverage.I tried colorstay because it is supposed to last.This stuff rubbed off like any other makeup , even with primer.It washed off easily -LRB- reviews I 've read all over say it 's sooo hard to wash off . . BULL -RRB- . It did n't dry as quickly as some people said . . at least not for me.The shades seem to be off.It was terribly hard to blend and not look chalky like someone else said.Coverage was no better than cream or liquid makeup , even after applying several very light layers over problem areas . It just seemed like I was taking the makeup off.I returned this foundation and purchased another brand of mineral makeup called Everyday Minerals -LRB- LOVE IT ! -RRB- . The intensive collection offers more coverage -LRB- and LOTS of shades -RRB- than this foundation and feels like you 're wearing NOTHING . The price is way better than bare minerals -LRB- which I used for over a year and did n't like because of the sheen and white look it gave my face -RRB- and avon minerals -LRB- my most recent mineral makeup before the venture into other foundations -RRB- .
 I bought this product a couple of months ago and I 'm still not too sure if I like it or not . Its medium coverage , if you have a pimple or red on your skin this will make it lighter , but not completely disappear . This is definitely not a foundation for hot weather . It looks like you have make up on . I would n't purchase this again because it did n't deliver anything close to what I wanted .
 It had little bitty lumps in it like it had spoiled . Will never order discontuned products from clinque again . I had a brad new bottle that i brought from the store to use first so it was several months before I knew it was sour . I ordered two , Expensive .
 I purchased this item from Amazon when the department store was out of same . I had used this product for many years and loved same . However , this product is no longer being made by Clinique and was clumpy and lumpy and obviously old and stale , and out-of-date . It should no longer be available on Amazon . I should have returned same as it was not useable .
 This has been my makeup for 20 years and has been discontinued . The product received had small lumps throughout and an odd smell . I 'm unable to use this makeup .
 I started buying this Trucco Duo at the shop where I attended Cosmetology school , but it was very expensive . When I found it on Amazon at this price , I was thrilled.First problem
 I ordered the Buff , but mistakenly was given another shade . To ship it back would cost too much to have it replaced . Kept the product and hope to be able to give to someone who may use it .
 I ordered this hair dryer in December . It is now August first and I just ordered a new dryer . This dryer worked well and it dried my hair in a reasonable time -LRB- I have thick semi wavy hair -RRB- . But after 9 months it has basically died . It only works when I hold it in certain positions . I am assuming it has to do with the cord but that has been untwisted . I am dissapointed .
 This hair dryer was alright , not really fantastic . It dried my hair , not sure if it added shine or whatever since I 've been switching styling products . After 18 months , it broke . Something went wrong with the wiring . At first I could use it if I held the cord a certain way , but after a few days of this , it went completely kaput . Aside from this , the dryer is VERY heavy and this became even more apparent after I purchased a new , much lighter product . Overall , there are many better hair dryers out there , and in general , I am not so impressed with the whole Ionic/Ceramic technology .
 While the product was labeled &#34; New &#34; , it was old in that the spray , the lotion , and the shower gel are yellowish and strong-smelling as opposed to clear or white and fresh-smelling . I purchased a lot of this item , for years , until it became difficult to impossibe to find , and whenever I wore it , it always brought compliments whenever I came into the general vacinity of friends and strangers alike . It was a wonderful fragrance and I just do not understand why it went off the market!I have been planning to return the purchase , but just have not yet had the time to repackage it for return .
 I did not find this perfume to be anything special or present itself as described . Very ordinary and cheap smelling , luckily the fragrance disappeared in a short amount of time . I would not recommend `` Halloween '' to anyone . I was extremely disappointed .
 I bought this so I can get rid of my sagging puff under my eyes , but all it did after a month of use , was nothing . They are still very visible . I had hopes because of all the reviews I read . I 'm not going to buy any brand as they are all worthless
 This product does n't work . I buy all Clinique make up and tried All About Eyes and it works much better . Also , I did n't realize when I purchased RoC , but this product and all of their products are tested on animals-that 's not pretty ! None of Clinique 's products are tested on animals-they are cruelty free . I will be sure to do my research before I make a purchase next time .
 Came in a battered box . When opened , the tube was completely twisted and misshapenand most importantly - USED!I had to throw it away , as I could not trust an already open product . Especially , asit is an eye cream . Hygiene and Product Authenticity is paramount here . Suffice , tosay I am not going to buy form this seller again . This is the WORST product I 've boughtvia Amazon thus far . Would not have given it any star , how ever the system here doesnot accept that . So , I am forced to give it 1 . Please , be aware .
 I dont know where the hype come from , but i am a 21 male , i use computer like 12 hours a day - a typical nerd and my eyes looks really bad , so i decided to buy an eye cream , since i am very good looking when i was a child , but now i am ugly , so maybe because of the eyes that make me ugly then i am eager to try this one , too bad i bought 2 of them , then it turn out to be disaster , i cant even look at me in the mirror , my dark circle is worse , and it also swollen , it also makes my eyes red and blur my visionWheni stopped using , then it back to normal , you cant believe how depressed i was after this , i dont want to sit on a computer all day long , i want to go out and mingle with people , i want to laugh with them , to be a normal person , but my face didnt allow me to , some night i cried alone , why was this happening to me ? What have i done wrong to be so unfortunate like this ? As a teen , i got acne and acne scar , my parents who are cruel also treat me with disdain , they are lookism so they hate ugly people , even if it is their son , i am from asia so parents have the right to treat child like beggar , because us children have to depend on them.Then with nothing to lose , i googled the best eye cream , and i foundDermalogica multivitamin power firm developed by national dermal institute , wow what a miracle , the dark circle is vanished , i look ten times better . I go to class and every girls in my class staring at me , twist their hair , smile at me , my crush is there , before totally ignore me , now cant take eyes off me . Ok this seem like a fairy tale , but for some person , having a beautiful eyes will totally change how they look , and luckily it is me , after years of being a total dork , i am more confident now , i am dating the girl i have a crush on , Which just make me wonder how shallow people are when judging other by looks , but we have to accept it.So just ignore this roc eye cream , or if you still want to buy it , i have 2 nearly full bottle which i will sell for a very cheap price , anyone interested?Take My advice and buy dermalogica eye cream instead , even if it is expensive -LRB- 40 $ -RRB- $ it worths every penny , and you can use it for 3 to 4 months
 This eye cream is an AWFUL product with an overpriced tag . It stings so bad when you put them on . Plus , it did not stay on . The moment when you put your hand around the eyes , trying to feel it , the cream rubbed off on your fingers . It does not absorb well . Lastly , the product did not work for me as promised . My dark circle and wrinkles appear even more clearly with this product on !
 This is rediculous !! You packed a 0.5 oz tube of eye cream loose in the same box with 27 lbs of cat food ! You did not bubble-wrap the eye cream , you did not place it in a protective box , you did not do anything to protect a small tube of eye cream from 4 heavy bags and 48 cans of cat food ! The tube was flattened ; it was the most expensive single item in the box . If I could give you zero stars , I would .
 Update : Saw some improvements for about 2 weeks then it plateau 'd . Not enough improvement to be worth the priceI ordered this because at 40 I started to get dark circles under my eyes . They are not puffy , but rather more gaunt looking . Looked like I was closer to 50 , especially when tired.I ordered this and Neutrogena Healthy Skin Eye Cream at the same time . I got the Neutrogena because it had positive reviews and was inexpensive ; I got the RoC because it was a brand that I heard a lot of people recommend for dark circles under the eye.After about a week of using this at night and in the morning I have noticed a dramatic improvement . That does n't mean they were completely gone , just noticeably lighter . The cream is white and blends in easily and is not noticeable - its not greasy or shiny . Plus this container will likely last 6 months given how little is actually needed to apply to both eyes.Even if I do n't see any additional improvement I 'm still very happy with this . I was not expecting this to make me look 20 years younger - it does a great job of reducing the dark circles so they 're not what people notice
 this product did nothing for me , no reduction in wrinkles , under eye circles etc. i do n't know why i bought it in the first place . i think i 've used it before and the results were the same but i decided to give it another try . wrong ... do n't waste your time or money
 I am one month info using this product and it has made the skin surrounding my eye area drier and there is no improvement .
 I 've been using this for awhile now and gave it a chance . My eyes look as though I 've never used anything at all . I would not recommend this product .
 I 've been using this for several weeks now as directed . The skin is soft and moisturized , the cream is light and easy to apply , but I have not noticed any change in the fine lines or in the dark circles so far . Nor have I experienced any skin irritation at all -- I 'm using it every day now with no ill effcts whatsoever .
 Roc is made by Johnson and Johnson Company - a company that is on PETA 's list of companies that performsenseless , needless , CRUEL tests on animals with their products . I 've never found any product that actuallyperforms miracles - FACT
 I bought this eye lotion so I can get rid of my dark circles around my eyes , but all it did after a month of use , was to slightly reduce them . They are still very visible . I had high hopes because of all the reviews I read about it . I 'm not going to buy a new one , I 'll try another brand .
 This cream is so strong that it irritates my skin worst than a sunburn , really red and itchy I had to through it away . A waste . There is so many better more gentle options out there .
 This product makes some pretty bold statements about under the eye circles disappearing along with diminishing wrinkles around the eye but after a solid month of using it twice a day , I can actually say that I see no difference at all . Not sure how they can continue to sell products like this so I am hoping my review will help somebody else before they waste their money .
 I used this product for approximately two weeks without any problem . All of the sudden , my eye swelled , got red and extremely irritated ... i.e. I got an annoying case of contact dermititis . It has been over a week now and it is just starting to go away only because I began to use hydrocortisone cream . Needless to say , I am not happy with this eye cream at all . It is very harsh to be using any where near your eye area !! I would opt to use Estee Lauder or Clinique !
 I 've been using it for a month and I should have just gone with my gut feeling and saved the money . My eyes look exactly the same .
 My husband wanted something to reduce bags under his eyes . This produce had a good reveiw so we purchased it . He applied it under his eyes 2 times a dayRoC Retinol Correxion Eye Cream , 0.5-Ounce Tubefor 3 weeks . It did not work !
 This is my first review on Amazon and though I 'm a long time shopper here I usually do not take the time to write reviews . In this case I thought it was needed since there are literally hundreds of products that claim to reduce dark circles or puffiness under the eyes . I bought this product based on reviews here and on other websites with high hopes that it was a cheap and effective treatment . It was cheap , but totally uneffective . I have been using this product over a month religiously and have seen no change whatsoever in the appearance of the areas under my eyes . Wo n't be purchasing another time .
 I have been using this cream for about two weeks or longer and to be quite honest , I do n't see any change at all . I am very disappointed and would not buy this product again .
 I 've been using this around my eyes twice daily for two months now - I 've seen no change , no improvement . The cap is annoying and product leaks out .
 Maybe this cream worked for other people , but it did nothing for me . This is no different than any other cream I 've tried . I was really hopeful as the cost is cheap and the reviews were positive . It did make the skin under my eyes soft , so that was a plus . But , I will still be searching for a cream that helps my dark circles .
 Dont notice any changes ... the dark circles have slightly lightened . . but not a product I would be willing to buy again. : -LRB-
 I 'm 48 , have chronic insomnia , work at a computer all day and do n't drink enough water . That being said , the bags under my eyes are the size of your typical piece of carry-on luggage . Over the last six months , I 've tried four types of `` anti-puff '' , `` anti-dark circles '' and `` serums ''
 I really do n't have many wrinkles , bags , dark circles - have been blessesd at 62 . Thought I better start using an eye cream to keep things that way ! This product is VERY HARSH and my skin can take most anything . Second day I woke up with bags , dark circles and swelling which took 3 days to subside . Be very careful with this product .
 Buyers BEWARE !!! I normally buy Roc product at Costco . This was first time I tried buy eye creams on Amazon . I bought two boxes of them , one for my mom , one for myself , but we both afraid to use them now . Because the quality is like counterfeit . It is very watery , the color is like bleached white rather than beige color that we have seen for years . It does not look and feel like the same Roc eye cream we 've been using for years . We were very surprised since it 's from Amazon . BEWARE !
 I purchased RoC Retinol Correxion Eye Cream and it irritated my eyes and mademy skin burn . I could n't use it and the Amazon dealer refused my request for arefund . Very disappointing .
 I could n't take the smell . It made me break out . I used this after running out of retin a. Not the same . Sticking with retin a.
 I have tried a lot of products for eye cream and have come to the conclusion that a good , heavy face cream is just as good . Roc seems to have a lot of `` let 's do the whole dermabrasion without the clinic visit '' to it that just does not seem to be a good idea . I actually get puffier using this product as well as the face products than I would with a good face cream . If you want to use this as a good exfoliant - that 's ok . Just do it once a week - otherwise you 'll be all peeling and flaking - and puffy . Try Rachel Perry . Much better .
 I tried both of these products ... the RoC Retinol Correxion Eye Cream and the RoC Multi Correxion Eye Cream and neither worked . There was absolutely no change in my skin or anywhere else for that matter . So I would NOT recommend it . I am giving the product one star because I have to rate it otherwise I would not give it any stars .
 I 've been using this product for more than a month and it has not made any difference . I think it 's a waste of money and time .
 The ROC eye cream did not do a thing for me.I wo n't waste my money on any more of their products .
 This did nothing for my dark circles after using it twice daily for a whole month . I will wait another one month before I toss it . Will keep you updated if there are changes ...
 I 'm a 35 year old male . My skin usually responds well to `` beauty '' products , and I typically will see improvement easily . I had high hopes for this product . I used this eye cream for 6 weeks , the only improvement that I saw was that the darkness under my eyes was slightly lightened on days where I felt very tired . This product did absolutely nothing to improve my eye wrinkles situation.If you want to actually get rid of eye wrinkles within a week and smooth out and actually tighten your skin , try using one or both of these : Neutrogena Ageless Intensives Deep Wrinkle Moisture , Night , 1.4 OunceNeutrogena Men Age Fighter Face Moisturizer , 1.4 Ounce
 There are a lot of good reviews on here so I think it depends on the person . My circles are 100 % from thin skin and genetics , still in my 20s , and I looked awful after using the product for a month . I think the retinol results in a good amount of exfoliation which in my case made the veins or muscles that create the darkness more visible . It 's been about two weeks since I stopped using it and already I look a lot better , so luckily it was n't permanent , but just keep in mind the product is n't for everybody .
 It did make me dark circles fade a bit ... but it made my fine lines a lot worse ... it looked like my skin was dehydrated . I started using another eye cream again and the fine lines went away ... it also caused some redness with my skin but thats the retinol .
 Wishful thinking this product would actually do anything for my eyes . Just another over rated product , keep your money . It is however less expensive here then in a drug store .
 I only sleep 4-5 hours every night and have pretty bad dark circles . I have used two tubes of this eye cream in the hope that maybe it just takes longer to work but did n't see any improvement . Actually , it has made my dark circles even worse and as for the few wrinkles under my eyes , they are still there . Waste of money !
 I was excited to try this nail polish but was disappointed when it arrived . It is not nearly as thick as the picture makes it look . In fact , it 's almost entirely translucent . I piled on 3 coats and I could still see my nailbed through the paint . This polish might make a great top coat for someone but as a stand alone nail polish it is not very impressive .
 Do n't know what is going on with this online Essie lacquer . I purchase Essie all the time ; at the salon , and even at my local department store . Never have I seen this product so watered down . I know Essie has a sheers products line ; however , not the ones I normally wear . Sugar Daddy is a new Essie color , and I know this is not supposed to be a sheer . But to verify my knowledge , of this product , I went to the department store , and pulled the SUGAR DADDY , and opened it , and it was soft , semi opaque , not sheer . Two or three coats will do the trick . Guess I 'll continue to spend more money for OPI , and Essie locally ; therefore I 'll know what I am getting , before I buy it ; and wo n't have to spend extra money on return shipping , that will not be reimbursed ; even though it is a lesser quality product.I think it is in the pricing ; if you normally pay 8.00-10 .00 for either of the basic lacquers ; more than likely this product will be the opaque version.Don ' t know where they are buying this stuff from ? The sellers are great thoughUpdate
 I bought Ivoire De Balmain for years in department stores in NYC . Loved it , always got compliments and requests for what perfume I was wearing . Because I received gifts for several recent years of another wonderful perfume I had not purchased Ivoire . But I missed not being able to use it ; but could not find it at any department store in NYC , including Bloomingdales . So I went to Amazon . What a shock to discover Ivoire was no longer but a `` shadow of its former self . ''
 The picture is look REAL but the product when I recevied is FAKE . The bottle is not look the same with the piture , also the cap make by fiber plastic , look Ugly inside . The seller advertise is New , but when I recevied is Open box , Not have original wrap ... terible seller ... never do bussiness with YOU again ... Doulton By Royal Doulton For Women . Eau De Parfum Spray 3.4 Ounce ... Fake ... Fake.Sent me another one is real .
 I have used and loved Bay Rhum for many years . I first bought it while visiting Bermuda . It is a spicy lotion with a certain unctuousness that makes it a joy to use . The product is now produced in the US-clearly inferior to the original . It lacks body and has a dilute aroma . Furthermore , the manufacturer 's quality control measures are woefully lacking . Last year , I purchased the product from Amazon -LRB- great service from Amazon , BTW -RRB- . The packaging was as I expected and the label on the bottle correctly represented what I thought I had purchased . When I opened the bottle , instead of the anticipated lovely , spicy aroma came a weak , fruity smell . When I looked more closely at the back of the bottle , I saw the raised lettering and image indicating the ingredients were Royall Lyme ! Amazon graciously and quickly replaced the defective item . The replacement product was fine . I ran out and purchased another bottle . Guess what ? The exact same packaging/labeling defect . Oy . The smell for the Lyme seems much worse and entirely intolerable . I have decided to look for a different product from a different manufacturer .
 Royall Bayrhum of Bermuda was NOT FROM BERMUDA AT ALL , but was concocted in the US under some kind of license agreement . I felt cheated when I read that on the delivery box . I am disappointed by this deception . The fragrance does n't have the aroma of the original , made in the island . This is clearly a scam .
 My husband has used this very expensive product for years . This bottle has almost no scent . It smells like pure alcohol . This has never happened when I ordered this product from a small store . $ 50 literally down the drain !
 I bought a bottle of `` Royall Bay Rhum '' from my normal supplier last fall . I do n't go through a bottle but every few years . Evidently , it has been near six years since my last purchase , because the Bermuda people sold out six years ago , and now the marque is formulated in the USA by Royal Doulton.This recent bottle is H2O and alcohol with a fraction of the oils of the Bermuda product . I had an e-mail conversation about my and my wife 's impressions with the Royall people in Bermuda . The Bermuda Royall contact stated that the ingredients are the same , but the US Customs somehow regulates how much of the key oils can be used in the US product . I rather doubt the involvement of US Customs , when the more likely reason is that Royal Doulton is cheapening the product using less of the oils that used to give this Bay Rhum such a punch.My wife used to love this . She noticed immediately that the new bottle has only a little of the impact of the fragrance and no depth . I have a bit of the old product , and she can tell the difference right away.So , about $ 38 for a 4 oz . bottle for nothing.I recommend not buying this product . You will find it now unsatisfying compared to what you bought several years ago.Now I need to try to find another Bay Rum -LRB- Rhum -RRB- product that is satisfying to my wife and me . Unfortunately , the St.Thomas is a bit on the sweet side for my wife 's and my preferences , but all of the others I have tried are too weak and lack the kick of the old Royall , Bermuda product.Bring back the old product , please , and it will sell nicely . This new formulation will not succeed in the market .
 I have used Royall Spyce & Royall Lyme for over 40 years . I bought from Amazon the pkg of 3 -LRB- Spyce , Lyme & Royall Bayrhum -RRB- , but discovered that the Bayrhum has NO aroma ! What do I do ? Return it ; go buy an oil to give it an aroma ; or , toss it ? I am truly disappointed - almost disgusted . Was this an error at the factory or what ?
 I recall the Bay Rhum I used in college - Royall Lyme brand I think -LRB- as opposed to Royal Doulton -RRB- , but the Bay Rhum essence . It had a distinctive aroma that i could smell for close to an hour -LRB- others I suspect longer -RRB- but I think it was cologne , rather than `` after shave cologne '' . In any event , the aroma of this stuff is so weak to my olfactory apparatus that I asked my wife what she thought of it . Her reply was `` barely detectable '' . I think I 'll stick to Tiffany for Men , Paloma Picasso 's Minotaur , and Caron 's Pour Homme in the future . To me , this stuff is no better than water . I may let half of the alcohol evaporate to see if the aroma gets any stronger . Otherwise , I 'll simply toss it .
 My wife bought my first bottle of Royall Bay Rhum for me back in 1969 . It 's the only aftershave/cologne she has ever liked . I went through a period of a few years using other products , but she wanted me to go back to the Royall bay rum , so she bought a bottle . I used it sparingly , but eventually ran out . A few weeks ago , my sweet wife ordered another bottle , and was I ever surprised . It smelled more like rum than Bay Rhum , and felt like a chemical burn when applied . Some may call that bracing , but I 'll tell you , it 's not the same product I used in previous decades . The scent of the current product is very much weaker than the old original , and it is gone after 15 minutes . The old Royall product lasted for hours . I also recall that the old Royall Bay Rhum bottles had a bay leaf in each one . There was probably more bay laurel oil in it , and the leaf in the bottle helped it retain a distinctive scent to the very last drop . I 'm actively looking for a better replacement product and wo n't go back to Royall . They would do well to return to their old tried and true formula . If you like alcohol on your face after a shave and shower , I suggest buying a bottle of vodka or rum to rub down with . It 's cheaper.This is an October 2012 update
 This is actually about the bottle I bought two years ago and should have reviewed then.Let me start at the beginning . I first used Royall Bayrhum OF BERMUDA around 1970 . Yeah , that 's over 40 years ago . I bought it on St. Thomas where it was a heck of a lot less expensive than here in the U.S. I loved that scent and used it off and on over the years.Then I ordered a bottle from Amazon without realizing that it was no longer really Royall Bayrhum OF BERMUDA . It 's now made in the USA and the quality is horrid . All the flag waving and `` buy made in the USA '' campaigns and then we turn out poop like this . The Chinese could put together a better knockoff and charge about five bucks for it . I knew that something was wrong when I opened the bottle and the scent of bay leaves was n't there . You might just as well use rubbing alcohol for a buck a bottle instead of wasting your money on this . You can also walk into most large drug stores and pick up a bottle of cheap bay rum that has more of the essential oils than this does.If you like to try new things , cut some plain alcohol with about 25 % water and add a few dozen bay leaves . Let this sit in the sun for a week or two , giving it a shake once a day ... you now have bay rum . If not strong enough , add more bay leaves and put back in the sun . Too strong ? Add a little water . Now use the money you saved to buy something else made in the USA ... which is hopefully of better quality than this .
 I like bay rum . Such a classic , clean scent . I have never run into a bay rum that I did n't like , until now . This stuff vaguely smells of bay run , then quickly degenerates into something resembling the smell of cheap hairspray . Truly awful . While most bay rums tend to be on the short-lived side , not this stuff , no , you 'll reek of chemical waste all day -LRB- and then some -RRB- . I wish I could give this zero stars .
 This is no longer the exhilarating , refreshing , superb smelling product it once was . No longer made in Bermuda . The USA licensee has massively watered down this product.This used to be the finest bayrhum available anywhere . Now it is a weak shadow of it 's former self . I strongly recommend people find another bayrhum and please let me know of a good one . I certainly hope the new maker will return to the old formula which was so rich in essential oils and wonderfully masculine.Amazons service was excellent as usual.The new licensee needs to return to the brisk , refreshing lotion of the past . Not this watered down alcohol . Sigh ...
 I had such high hopes for this set . I am 32 and still dealing with bouts of acne . Had it under control the past couple years using Alpha Hydrox products . Then the past year I started getting acne bumps on my neck and under my jawline . The kind that are small and spread and do n't pop , and are OH SO difficult to clear up . So I have been trying new products containing glycolic acid since this is the only thing that ever worked for controlling my acne . But this line is disgusting ! The cleanser is nothing more than a lotion , it does n't lather and feels like I am rubbing grease on my face . And the actual lotion is entirely too greasy for people with even normal to oily skin . My face is covered in oil within 15 minutes of putting it on and I 'm having to blot with tissues . Gross ! I tried just the toner in the afternoon , but oil also appeared on my face within 15 minutes of applying . After using all three products for two weeks , I have been breaking out more and my skin has a film on it . These products are going in the trash .
 I bought the product looking for something to help control my oily skin -LRB- I have a mildly oily t-zone -RRB- as well as cleanse it and help fight against wrinkles . I used it for a week when I noticed my chin was starting to break out . I rarely breakout in this area . I continued to use the product hoping it would do as it states . On Sunday my daughter and I played with makeup afterwards washing our faces . I was surprised to see that the cream cleanser -LRB- does not lather at all -RRB- did not remove the makeup . I had to use my usual routine for removing makeup and have since stopped using this product . I do not have the time or patience to wash my face with two different cleansers twice a day . I prefer the nuetrogena daily face scrub . It 's cheaper , removes makeup , and helps mattify the oiliness of my facial skin also keeps me breakout free.I think all in all this product lightened my skin a little , definitly did not cleanse properly , and the toner is toner any toner will do the same thing . I do not recommend this product for the use of cleansing . It may help fight wrinkles but I doubt that . This is definitly one of those waste your time and money products.By the way I did not feel any tingling burning any sensation to let me know its working . The cream cleansers directions are to apply a generous amount to face and neck then add water and continue cleansing then rinse . When I did this the water rinsed the `` cleanser '' right off . I also tried leaving it on my face a while while i took a shower to see if I would start feeling it nothing happend.Like I said before the toner is a toner any other will work just as well.The face cream does not smell at all . It has a very oily feel to it . Like it is oil based but it listes nothing of the sort in the ingredients . I used it at night and the only difference i noticed in my skin was it was slightly softer but definitly looked shinier . When used under makeupit made my skin super greasy even on my cheeks and temples.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEYIt is so not worth it .
 I bought this in an attempt to try to get control of a sudden outbreak of moderate acne . The cleanser and the toner were alright but the face cream was way , way too greasy for my skin ! My face practically shimmered from all of the grease . Once I switched back to my Clinique oil free lotion I was much happier . Overall , I did n't really notice much of a difference after a few weeks of using just the cleanser and toner so I stopped using it . After doing some reasearch , I found that glycolic acid is n't really that effective against acne since it ca n't exfoliate inside the pores . Salycilic acid is what you need for that . I 'm now using Paula 's choice products and my acne is practically nonexistent . This might be useful if you have alot of sun damage -LRB- that 's what glycolic acid is good for -RRB- and I would definitely only recommend the cream for very dry skin .
 I used the product trio -LRB- cleanser , toner and lotion -RRB- twice daily for a month . I experienced no stinging , burning or redness . The cleanser is creamy and does not lather -LRB- I prefer lather -RRB- . There was not any `` amazing '' difference in my skin . My skin might have been a little smoother , but not so noticeable that I could tell for sure . The breakout issue might have been a little better , not a lot better . I could not tell any difference in the size of the pores as the other reviewers say they can . The one big difference I could really see was that this product really `` bleached '' my skin - not an effect I wanted to happen.Those of you who want to lighten your skin / fade your tan - go for it . However , I wo n't purchase these products again . From a facial cleansing standpoint , I can purchase something a lot less expensive and get the same results .
 I was hoping this would help even my skin tone and reduce the appearance of scarring from old breakouts . It did n't help at all.Still looking for a miracle product out there !
 Although the wording and description states this is pure essential oil , I saw on the label when I received it that it is a synthetic chemical , NOT true essential oil . It did not function the same way as the genuine oil either , and when I sent a complaint to the company twice , I was completely ignored . I 'm primarily upset that they can falsely advertise it to be something it 's not . Beware of this company 's products ...
 I can not truthfully give this more than one star . What I thought was the real thing turned out to be synthetic . I will not be buying anything from this vender again.charly
 The lotion applicator has a flimsy handle with a sponge at the end . The sponge does n't cover the sides of the handle so it often scratches your back and other hard to reach areas . You are better off applying lotion to a towel and reaching around than to this .
 This product I do not like at all . The stick bends up while you are applying the cream , the sponges adhesive lasts oh a week , for one the other two months , the third 11 days . Waste of money ... Make something that lasts and I 'd appreciate my money back please ...
 I have colored hair and this shampoo bar made my hair super dry . I love the idea of it - no wasteful packaging , easy to use bar etc. but I quickly had to switch back to my regular shampoo ... probably works well if you do n't have highlighted hair ? ...
 I used Pur Minerals eye shadow for several years . I liked the color options , but they all faded after being appled very quickly . I thought it was an isuue with my skin type . I recently ran out of a Pur color that 's no longer available and used an eye shadow palette made by another company that had been in a drawer . The color still looked great at the end of the day . Subsequently , I 'm no longer using Pur Minerals.I wrote a review similar to this one for the Pur Minerals site . It was my personal experience with the product , I didnt mention the name of the other manufacturer . They never posted it . It sheds a new light on all the Pur Minerals products with 41/2 and 5 star average user reviews on their web site .
 Service was fine , but I 'm going all natural with my skin & hair care products , and I had great hopes for this mousse , but it 's just not for me . I have lots of hair , but it 's baby fine and needs some body and hold . This mousse leaves it soft and healthy , but there 's absolutely no hold . In fact , I 'm not sure I could tell the difference in using it or not using it . I 'm not sure what it could be used for ; maybe if you have coarse , fizzy hair , it would help , but I 'll just have to keep searching . I 've been using Sea Kelp Bioferment as a setting gel , and it works pretty darned well .
 Because of the color ORANGE any light feels like your eyes are being cooked . The goggles light up and it 's like a orange flash light is being held against your eye , If these were black they would work great .
 Does n't conform to your face and uv light enters in from the sides putting your eyes at risk . . Very disatisfied with this product .
 Buy your tanning goggles from your tanning salon . These are hard plastic , they do n't bend to your face very uncomfortable . They are now my back up pair just in case I misplace mine .
 I 'm a guy and got pink but oh well , it does say random color . They work fine for blocking out the tanning rays , my only complaint is that the bridge of the nose is n't very comfortable . Perhaps after more use the plastic on the nose will soften a bit.Update
 I tried this b/c it seemed like a good clean , natural way to wash my face and I was looking for something from a brand I trusted . I did not like this . It feels like you 're rubbing thick oil on your face and rinsing it off . My face did n't tingle with cleanliness like I was expecting . It did n't feel cleaner - I just felt nothing.It does smell really good ... almost good enough to drink !
 Over the course of about 5 or 6 months , I have reached the bottom of this bottle of cleanser . I wo n't be buying another , simply because it does n't seem like it did anything . It did n't make my skin break out or cause any other negative effects , but it did n't seem to improve the health/appearance of my skin , either.I found it easy to apply and easy to wash off . The cleanser does not lather up or anything , but I always felt like my face was clean after using this cleanser . The orange smell is also truly wonderful . So , it smells good and makes my skin FEEL clean , but the results it produced seem no different from what would have happened if I just rinsed my face with water every night . Smells great but unfortunately did n't do much for me .
 I love Burt 's Bees products and I was really excited to find a 100 % natural facial cleanser , but this one is awful . It left my face feeling horribly greasy and did n't even remove my make-up ! -LRB- It left eye liner smeared all around my eyes instead . -RRB- It smells good , which is nice , but not if it does n't work . I have `` regular '' skin , so I 'd hate to see what it 's like for someone with oily skin . I tried another Burt 's facial cleanser that has fewer natural ingredients and leaves my skin feeling nice -- not dry but not greasy either . At least it did n't give me zits ...
 I was looking for a clean soap for my face and decided to give this Olive Oil soap a try . I have used it twice and both times was left with a kind of film on my skin . It did n't exactly rinse off clean and my skin felt like it had hand cream on it . I even used a wash cloth to try and get the residue off . No luck . The scent is n't sweet at all , which is all right . I did n't expect it to have a strong scent . It just is n't the soap for me . Also I read the side label and its ingredients . I did not see `` olive oil '' in its list . So who knows what those chemicals are that I am putting on my face . This olive soap probably works for most people , but for me it was a great disappointment .
 I was initially pleased to find an olive oil based soap for sale , but this was a profound disappointment . I tried it on my hands when it arrived . The first thing I noticed was the smell . It is strongly -LRB- ! -RRB- perfumed and smells like cheap cologne.It cleans perfectly well , but my hands were left feeling stretched and dry , later itchy with a film on them . The itch subsided after I washed again with my usual soap . It is possible that I am sensitive to cheap cologne , but who would imagine an olive oil based soap would smell so horrible ? It says in the description that it is a `` fresh , herbal green scent '' , but not so.Be warned . If you do n't want to smell like that , do n't buy this soap . It 's not cheap in price , unfortunately .
 This soap seemed like it would have been really nice , but I would n't know since mine arrived leaking all over the place . It was inside a ziplock which helped contain most of the mess , but it was still all over everything . I would like to order more but not going to take the chance .
 When it was packaged it somehow opened and the soap was all over everything . Plus , the smell is too pungent - I ca n't get the smell out of my nasal passages ! I 'm extremely disappointed .
 This time -- as I have ordered this before -- the lotion was not of the same color or consistency -- I think it may have outlived its shelf life . It 's runny , and the fragrance is compromised because I think it is either spoiled or has sat on the shelf too long . Thank you for the opportunity for me to tell you about this.Sincerely , Margaret Dziadula
 I - think - it made my hair softer and more pliable , but honestly ? It was n't a big enough difference to give it more than 2 stars . Difficult to spread , especially with thick hair . Just not worth the price for the amount you get.As a starting point for alternatives , try SheaMoisture Deep Treatment Masque instead , but sleep with it in your hair overnight instead of leaving in for 30 minutes .
 The smell is most powerful when wet !!! I do not like the result given . Even after my hair felt moisturized the smell lingered . If you are not a FAN of avocados , PRESS the back button on your webpage ...
 I have only used Burt 's Bees lip balm before , but I have heard so much about it that I requested this as a Christmas gift . Unfortunately , I was not impressed -LRB- and yes , I followed directions -RRB- . It had an dirty , flat smell , that I did n't find particularly appealing . It was also difficult to wash out - it felt like it was the greasiest conditioner I have ever used even after thorough rinsing . Finally , my hair did n't feel any different than when I use my regular shampoo and conditioner . So that was three strikes , and this product is out .
 It is a dirty coloured liquid with hardly any scent . I am highly disappointed as this was a Christmas gift for my mother
 I thought that I would give this fragrance a try . I do n't have much luck with fragrances , must be my body chemistry . But again , this did not smell good on me at all , but fortunately the fragrance does not last long so I did not offend anyone else .
 It does the work
 This company says that its products are 100 % vegetarian , but this balm contains lanolin . Lanolin comes from sheep 's wool , and is NOT a vegetarian ingredient .
 I was very excited to find this product , as you ca n't find baby hair balm in any of the big -LRB- or small -RRB- stores . The packaging and name are cute , and it arrived as promised very shortly after I ordered it . However , it turned my baby 's hair into a grease-fest . No matter how little I use , her hair gets greasy and looks awful . I do n't use it at all . I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 This balm may work well , but the smell is very unpleasant , sort of like Bag Balm .
 Let me just say that I LOVE LOVE this company 's clean and clear hair gel . It 's absolutely fantastic . Since I loved it so much , I decided to give this balm a try . Oh my god , it smells so horrible . It might be ok for an adult , but no one wants to smell this on a little sweet baby . I was so disappointed . As far as working , I suppose it keeps the hair in place , but it gives the look of ummm lard or something like it . I hate writing a bad review , but after the fantastic experience with the hair gel , I 'm just hoping the company will read this and do something to bring this product up to the level of their gel .
 I absolutely hate overbearing fragrances for infants , so Original Little Sprouts products seemed perfect b/c they were not over-bearing . The other -LRB- OLT -RRB- products have a wonderful light smell or no fragrance at all . This product worked well on my infant son 's hair , but the smell is quite distinct and unpleasant . I hope that the marketing division of the company is suggesting a change in this case . It is best described as a smell of wet or mildewed cardboard . It is totally un-baby-like . What were they thinking ?
 I ordered 3 of these mousse shadows in rose , champagne , and lilac . Having previously purchased one 2-3 years ago , I knew what to expect -- a soft , shimmering creme that is natural and does n't cake on the lid or settle into lines . Now that it has been discontinued , its been difficult to find ... so , I picked up several here.What a disappointment ! The rose shadow was separating into solids and liquids . The lilac went on clumpy and rolled up onto little balls on my lid and cheek . The champagne was soft and glowing as it should be.Clearly , these are old products that are hardly worth anything . My advice - see if you ca n't find them at the dollar store . But bypass purchasing them here . I 'm out $ 25 for product worth less than $ 5 .
 Though this is a nice color , it really was n't what I expected . The color is a lot brighter and has a sort of shimmer . It 's still a fun shade but I probably would n't have bought it if I had known what it really looked like .
 I think it 's too fine and does n't do anything . This was a waste of money for me . The fine cone it just too smooth .
 The African Shea Oil was not what I expected . I expected an oil , but the product was creamy like a moisturizer . I suppose this is because shea oil crystalizes once it sits for a while . I would have liked to have known the texture of this item before buying it , because I was expecting an oil . The oil is oderless which is good , but before buying , be sure that you want `` shea oil '' , and not shea butter or any type of natural oil .
 So , as someone who loves all natural products from the earth and as someone who is in love with African shea butter , I expected this oil to sort of be as good as shea butter , just in oil form . I 'm not sure what this is . It 's super thick and oily , but just not as efficient as shea butter . It 's a little grainy too.It has zero moisturizing properties like other oils like coconut oil or olive oil . It 's straight up greasy - does n't absorb well into the skin or hair shaft . I really wanted to like this product , but I just do n't . 2 stars for effort though because &#34; shea oil &#34; sounds cool .
 It 's nothing like what I read in the reviews . And does n't do anything exactly what I read . It did n't even make my hair soft . So I was really disappointed . I accidentally spilled it on my bathroom counter . My counter is granite and for some reasons it accumulates a powdery substance that I ca n't get rid of . My husband says it 's the minerals from the water . Well , I wiped it on the counter and it got rid of it . So now I use that on my bathroom counter top and the powdery stuff stays away . So I give it 1 star for hair and 5 stars for counter revival stuff . Too funny .
 I have dry skin and intend to use it as a body oil/lotion . It is not moisturizing enough for me and my skin can still get dry and ichy in the evening . I purchased slice of nature shea butter later and that works perfectly for me .
 The only thing this particular Shea oil did was oil up my hair and scalp . It did not work for helping with my eczema at all which is what i purchased it for .
 I assumed this cleanser would be great since I am familiar with this product line . That was not the case . By the second day , my skin was exteremly irritated and enflamed . I had to send this back
 Very sweet , golden & almost beachy scent . Reminds me of JLo Miami Glow and Jovan Black Musk . Dry down is nice , not so sweet , but it does n't seem to last on my skin . Also , the white florals are too much for me.Carlos honors women as givers of life , on stage , in music & spiritually . This fragrance is not what I would have expected given his history . Then again , I would n't have expected 4 '' stiletto shoes and frugly pleather handbags either . All of it is inconsistent with his image.Santana fans might be disappointed . I am .
 It is a dirty coloured liquid with hardly any scent . I am highly disappointed as this was a Christmas gift for my mother
 I thought that I would give this fragrance a try . I do n't have much luck with fragrances , must be my body chemistry . But again , this did not smell good on me at all , but fortunately the fragrance does not last long so I did not offend anyone else .
 I did not know this product would be so dark . I though natural was lighter . But this definitely should have been labeled as dark not natural .
 Product was ordered June 7th . It is now June 25th and still have not received product .
 This product is ineffective at covering stretch marks AND I brought 2 different colors attempting to mix them to match my own complexion . Too cakey and when you put it on , it 's obviously makeup . Although it is waterproof -LRB- for sure -RRB- , most definitely not worth the price I paid . What a waste for and please invest in some waterproof foundation instead before buying this crap .
 Very thick , sticky and comes off on clothing . I should not have purchased it . I would not purchase it again .
 The color shades in website are identical to the real products.Can ' t cover scars and causes fine lines.Have to throw it away .
 This company is using false advertising when they say that it will cover tattoos . Of course , I 'm always skeptical when a product makes that claim , but after reading so many positive reviews and visiting their website , I decided to give it a try . I should have saved my money ! This product does NOT cover tattoos . At best , it makes the area look orange-brown and people ask you what you did to yourself ! I put several layers on and I could still see the tattoo . Plus , even after setting it , the product did not blend with the surrounding skin , and was messy . It rubbed off onto my clothing , and was very difficult to wash off of my skin . I even tried going to a department store that sells Dermablend to get a custom application . They told me that it was n't meant to cover any tattoos with black or green ink - which is just about every tattoo . They tried to cover mine -LRB- which has many colors -RRB- , with no luck - and this was a professional ! She told me that I 'd be better off not trying to cover the tattoo , since adding more layer of Dermablend was only going to make it look worse , and I agree ! What a rip-off !
 Bought this product to cover up a tattoo . It 's no good , too liquid . For a really full coverage I recommend the full cover cream from the same brand .
 My issues are not with the product itself but with the company Beauty bridge which did not deliver the product . I have spent a month trying to work out why I have not yet recieved the item -LRB- s -RRB- I purchased . Beauty Bridge has not been helpful at all . Additionally , I have been shopping with Amazon for nearly 5 years , and have never experienced this problem . I had to go into a store and purchase the product a second time and at addtional cost . The product is effective I only wished Amazon had a more reputable dealer selling the product than beauty bridge . Buyers beware !!!!!
 I 've been researching this product trying to decide whether or not to buy it when I came across this site listing all the reviews . I looked and saw that one review was stellar , making the product sounds incredible , while others canned it as a waste of time and money.The reviews were so far apart I decided to click on the link `` read my reviews '' placed next to the screen name of each person . I clicked on the link for the most positive review and found the list of other products this person also reviewed . Now here 's where it pays to dig a little deeper !!! All the product reviews this person wrote were not only positive but over the top ! She/he must be getting paid ! All the products got rave reviews ! Full Stars !! You 'd be an idiot not to buy this amazing product !!! Obviously this was not a sincere review but possibly the inventor/owner/cousin to the owner writing up their own glowing review.DON ' T BE FOOLED !!! I also followed up with the worst remarks and found other product reviews from them . Some only had this one review . Others had several and the products all had different remarks and different star ratings . HMM ... . Obviously these were real reviews based on actual product experience.As a result , I 'm not buying the product . I do n't have extra money to waste . And to all those out there , let this be a lesson . Follow up the reviews and make sure they 're the real deal !
 Before buying this product I tried to research it as much as possible . I read the reviews on here which were mostly negative looked on YouTube which was a little better also googled it . The problem that I seen most people having was with matching the product with their skin tone . A lot of people said it was too dark though the product worked well was dark and had a clay look to it . Knowing all this I decided to give it a shot anyway but I told myself I would get a lighter shade . Ok I ordered the product the shipping was very quick which was nice . I put the product on my skin and looky looky it was too dark ! I bought it lighter than me and it still was too dark . It had a reddish tint to it and my skin is a medium brown plus I tried to take it off and did not come off for the life of me even after I scrubbed it . My opinion of this product is that it works oh yeah it certainly worked BUT the color was all wrong unless you do n't mind having two toned colored skin by all means knock yourself out but that defeats the whole purpose of buying the product ! Do n't make the mistake of buying this like I did .
 I received my order and was very dissapointed . The skin tones online are deceiving . I ordered the medium and it appears like clay and ashy . Does n't blend well with skin . Suggest you order a darker color to match your skin tone .
 Dermablend Leg and Body Cover reminds me alot of mud . You know how you get mud on your shoes and it is dark at first but then dries to look alot lighter and flakes off ? That 's a very accurate comparison to this product . It sets to a very chalky , dry , finish which appears flaky and has a pasty , corpse like gray tinge to it . It is creepy looking ! Even with all of the colors that are available it still looks unnatural and ashy when dry.The only way I was able to use it was to cover my tattoo with the product and then disguise the hideously fake makeup under a pair of thick , shimmery dance tights !! You could n't pull it off with just the makeup on your bare skin though.It would be great if you want to dress up like a mummy or decaying corpse for Halloween though .
 This item was fine when it came to pictures ; tattoos were not visible on film for the first part of our wedding . However I was told by a few of the guests that it looked like I had been in a fight before the wedding ... make-up should not look like bruises!The make-up also started to fade not long after the ceremony ended , and it was a short ceremony . By the end of the reception -LRB- four hours later -RRB- you could clearly see the tattoos.Also , I was told that the make-up would not rub off onto clothing if I used the special setting powder together with the cream ... Not true . I now have make-up stains on one of my brides maids dresses.I realize now that I should have just let the tattoos show . Why have a tattoo if you 're not willing to show it off ?
 First time I used this product I gave it a 4 star review but unfortunately when I attempted to use it for a second time after a month , the color did not take . Therefore , I am changing my first review to 1 star .
 If you have lots of gray , Surya Cream is probably not for you . It fades VERY quickly . I 'm about 70 % gray ; my original color was dark brown . After 4 washings my hair would be a different shade , going from about a 5 to a 4 in conventional dye terms . Re
 I have sandy-red hair -- now mixed with plenty of light gray at the crown , and around the face . Over 40 years ago , I started regularly using straight powdered henna -LRB- to intensify my red , and to add body and shine -RRB- . About 3 years ago , I migrated to Surya dyes -- first , out of curiousity -LRB- because I try anything * henna * -RRB- , and then stayed with it , because of its terrific ease of use.For me , at least , the verdict is now in : The best thing about this product is how easy and quick it is to apply , and rinse out -LRB- compared with alternatives . -RRB- I mix this color with * Dark Reddish Blonde * and obtain a very natural-looking sandy red . Used by itself , it simply does not cover gray -LRB- unless you 'd count a dusty yellow tinge . * Golden Brown * , um , no . -RRB- Any of the Red/Reddish colors -LRB- which do cover gray -RRB- will turn you into Ronald McDonald -LRB- with fading pinkish tones -- ew ! -RRB- when used alone.At this point , I have to apply every couple weeks -- because , yes , a skunk line appears . I get some degree of boosted shine and softness -- but this IS NOT A HENNA . Check the ingredients
 I 've used several brands of henna before , and can say with confidence that this is by far the worst . Not only was the initial color very orange over my blonde hair , but most of the color washed out after 3 washes . Huge disappointment . I recommend Light Mountain Naturals brand instead .
 Not only does this leave your hair very dry but it left my hair with an ugly dishwater blonde instead of an actual strawberry blonde . YUCK . Will not buy again .
 I sent this product back . I picked the wrong color based on the product reviews . I reordered in light brown .
 The description inside the Surya box says it is `` guaranteed to cover gray and white hair in the first application , '' but it does NOT ! I read the directions cover to cover and followed them to the letter , but not even a tint or hint of color took on my gray roots ! This is so disappointing ! I had been using Light Mountain Natural Color the Gray Henna for the past five months , but was tired of waiting the three hours for the mud to cure and then following the two step process which takes about an hour and a half , so thought I would try this product , which was premixed and only took 30 minutes to supposedly work . I questioned the shortness of the time , and the fact that the directions said NOT to apply to the roots first , but to just work it in evenly with fingers , but thought I 'd better do as it said , since it was `` guaranteed '' to work . I am going back to Light Mountain 's Color the Gray
 I 'm disappointed to say that this product did n't cover any of my gray hairs . There is no change in my hair color whatsoever . I used the whole bottle and left it on for 40 minutes . -LRB- My original hair is brown , but I followed the instructions for white , hoping to cover my `` gray '' hairs , which are actually more like silver than white . -RRB- I 've tried other hennas before , and they did n't affect my gray hairs either . I thought that maybe I just was n't doing a good enough job with the hard-to-use powdered and solid hennas . I thought that maybe this easy-to-use cream would produce some results for me . But I think I 'm about ready to give up on henna ; I think that maybe there is just something about my hair that henna refuses to stick to.On the positive side , the product was easy to apply and rinse off , did n't irritate my scalp and did n't smell too bad . So it could be a perfect non-toxic product for someone whose hair it would actually stick to .
 Do n't waste your time and money on this product , it does not work . I have very little grey , just a one here and there . Followed all the instructions exactly and left on for the full time . No grey coverage and no extra shine , etc. .
 I 've know about henna and used it before in the past . It is well known for its amazing shades and therapeutic effect on hair . I got Surya Henna Strawberry Blond . Of course I was not expecting to see a salon quality hair color , but maybe a slight difference in the shade.My beautiful strawberry blond hair turn dirty brow/gray and root did not get touched by the color at all.Please do no waste your money and time . If you decide to use henna as hair treatment please go with colorless .
 The word ASH signifies NO RED . The manufacturer deceiptfully is labeling this product as the exact opposite merely to sell the product . There is no brown . It is simply red , red , red . I guess red is better than grey , but label it red then !
 I usually use I-Skin microdermabrasion cream , but I had a gift certificate for use @ Amazon , so I thought I 'd try this . I figured that since DermaNew and I-Skin are owned by the same company , their microdermabrasion creams would be similar . Boy , was I wrong ! Firstly , this cream costs twice as much as the I-Skin replacement cream . I can buy the I-Skin cream for $ 20 at my local Sally Beauty store . If I 'm in a pinch , $ 25 at Ulta . Secondly , it does n't last nearly as long . I suspect the reason for that is because this cream contains an ` anti-oxidant ' complex , instead of being just pure microdermabrasion cream . I suppose this would n't be a bad idea for someone with sensitive skin , but I have combination skin , with a T-zone prone to blackheads and large pores , I need the ` undiluted ' microdermabrasion cream . I bought this product about two weeks ago , and it 's almost gone . The I-skin replacement cream usually lasts me a month , and I use it 3x a week . I-skin also gives you 2 replacement sponges along with extra batteries for your exfoliating tool . Save your money-buy the I-Skin Microdermabrasion System !!
 I purchased the Nail Genie Professional a couple years ago . I loved it , as I do my own acrylic nails at home . After a couple of years use , it stopped spinning . My husband took it apart and a very small plastic gear part -LRB- maybe 1/4 '' diameter -RRB- broke in half . I contacted the mfr . Sunjeen , Inc. to inquire on getting the replacement part . They do not sell internal parts and told me I would have to buy the entire handle for $ 56 ! Not no , but hell no ! I 've researched online and there are Dremel 's that have the same capability as the Nail Genie . The Dremel I purchased cost me less than the $ 56 for their damn handle !
 I had one of these machines that I loved and lasted years . I replaced it recently , and though I 've had it a while now , it really has n't been used that many times , and has already broke . The plastic collar that holds the drill bits is practically crumbling apart . In looking up if there is a way to replace that part , I came across these reviews , and it makes me wonder if the quality of this product is slipping . Anyway , apparently , the only way to replace this little nothing part is to send the entire unit back to the company , and let them determine what is wrong with the machine . It does not appear that I can just purchase the part I need . I find this to be more of a hassel than it 's worth for a machine that was n't that cheap and lasted so short of a time . I will say the power is good on it , but I think I 'm going to look to see if there are good reviews on a cheaper unit , and cut my losses with this one .
 I did n't like the quality of this product , since the cap and the bottle was separated . They wo n't be closed tight together . Originally , I was going to order something else , but now , no .
 I had ordered this Hair N Cense to replace the one I bought from the same company a few years ago . I 'm white , no dreadlocks , and I used the product to add moisture and help eliminate the fresh henna smell after coloring my hair.The delivery was prompt , bottle came securely packaged in a bubble wrap . However , the oil itself had a totally different smell , color and texture . No mango or lime resemblance whatsoever , just light minty fragrance that did n't last even an hour ... Not sure if the company changed the ingredients , but the product I originally fell in love with was n't in the bottle I had received . I 'll have to give it away ...
 This product smells really good but it did n't last once I applied it to my hair.The pump was also defective .
 I was hoping I 'd get the smell of buttery lobster . Out of novety I decided to buy this fragrane but it smells like febreze -LRB- which isnt bad for febreze when you want that smell but not when you want lobster -RRB- .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Another reviewer echoed my sentiments about this once great product . I was fortunate enough to have discovered this moisturizer quite a few years ago , on my first loc journey . When I started my current set , I remembered the good experiences that I had with this product and sought it out again . Imagine my disappointment when I looked at the ingredients on the new bottle . For comparison , I 'll list the ingredients from the original formula first : Cactus blend extract , cactus blossom , cactus seed extract , cactus root extract , cactus flower oil , carrot oil , tea tree oil , shea butter , aloe , jojoba oil , essence of lime , essence of mango , mtehylparaben and fragrance.Now , here 's the ingredients from the new formula : Deionized water , mineral oil , gylcerin , glycol disterate , polyquaternium 37 , propylene glycol , diazolydiniyl urea , methylparaben , propylparaben , fragrance.So , my question is
 I 'm like WTF Happened !!??!! This product recieved so many great reviews from everybody who has ever styled their hair in dreads or curls , I broke down and tried it -LRB- about 3years too late -RRB- ... The formulary has changed , and unfortunately , so has the product . Some still swear by it , but it just feels strange on my hair , I 'll stick with the old Jojoba oil + Water leave-in -LRB- or just plain Aloe -RRB- thank you very much . But , then also , maybe I used it wrong ... I do n't know , the product and the reviews just do n't match up anymore . Sorry guys F --
 It smells like baby powder mixed with some type of chemical . It does n't fit me well since I do n't like those type of smells , but it may work for someone else.I think the bottle is pretty - looks like part of a ring , so at least I can use it for display .
 I have n't had an outbreak of acne in about 5 years until I started using this cream . I kept using it thinking that my huge cysts could n't possibly be from this very pricey stuff . I went to the dermo and she said to stay away from these thick creams specifically for anti-aging because they are horrible for your skin . I went back to my cheap neutrogena lotion for anti- aging and it felt sooo much better and lighter and within a week my skin cleared up . I did n't even realize how very thick this stuff was until I started back on my neutrogena . I feel so bad about the $ $ $ I lost and I wish I would 've gotten a sample first . I encourage you to do the same .
 I used this for a whole month without needing to charge it . Finally , the battery died . Charged it overnight and it has n't been the same since . After charging it overnight it did not hold a charge for a full minute . It shuts off on me all the time even after having it on the charger for hours . Also the speeds have slowed down so I think that it just does not last much past the 30 day warranty . Very unhappy . I will have to go out and buy a different version because when it WAS working my skin was looking fantastic .
 I loved this little machine , I received it as a Christmas gift in 2009 then suddenly after one year of use , on the 16th of December 2010 it stopped working . I cleaned the little section of the charger well , double cleaned the charger side of the hand held too , it just will not charge . I am so disappointed . The money was hardly worth use for a year .
 I purchased this brush for myself about 6mths ago and loved it ! I went ahead and bought another one for my husband . The brush does n't hold a charge and it will beep to turn on and then double beep about 3 secs after . So it only works for those 3 seconds . I didnt save the box - how can I get this fixed ? Or can I exchange it for a new onE ???
 Pretika ST236 Sonicdermabrasion Facial Care SystemI bought this item to help exfoliate dead skin from my 50 's face . I was pleased with the unit , it had enough power to do the job without stopping and the two products seemed to be fine . When the 1 once exfoliating cream was gone I went to the web site for Pretika and ordered their replenishment kit , which means either two jars of the scrub or two tubes of the cream , all in 1 once containers . The price was a shock $ 18.00 for either kit totaling just two ounces . You can not find their products in any store BTW < so your stuck . But get this the shipping 5-7 day ground from LA to Phoenix was $ 17.50 for a total of $ 35.50 for two ounces ! Buy the lower priced scrubber and get the scrub from your local Wal-Mart . When you see the name Pretika , run very fast . For those who have made my mistake , buy the Olay smooth skin exfoliating scrub for $ 6.00 for a 6 once tube .
 This lasted me about a month before the battery died . It 's similar to a more expensive skin care tool , and seems to function okay when first out of the box . But it 's a terrible product and a waste of money -- the battery will refuse to charge after about 2 full charges . It includes a 30-day warranty -- that JUST fits the life of the battery . Horrible .
 I was very happy with this product and its performance until the battery stopped holding a charge ; which was after the 3rd charge.Now it is useless . Until the company corrects the battery problem I would not waste my money purchasing it . Maybe someone needs to recharge the quality control department so they can do their job . What a disappointment .
 I have extremely fine hair that 's oily at the roots and a little drier at the ends . It gets greasy very easily and I need to wash it everyday . I like the idea of using all natural beauty products as much as I can and read good things about this shampoo being good for oily , fine hair . I was n't a fan of the smell , but it does n't linger and if it had worked well for me , it would n't keep me away . It 's kind of ... medicinal smelling I guess . Better than fruity but not nice like some herbal shampoos . At any rate , this shampoo is very thick in cocnsistency and dried out my hair and tangled it something terrible . I used an extra amount of conditioner but it did n't help at all . I try to not condition my roots and only apply it to the ends , but had to condition my roots and even then , the detangling comb still got stuck in my hair and I had to start ripping out the tangles which killed my already fragile hair . There are better shampoos from this brand . This one did n't work . At least not for me .
 It dried my hair out and it made it hard to detangle . I had to use a good conditioner with slip in order to get the tangles out . I have 3b , 3c , 4a hair and I sectioned my hair off and placed it on my scalp . I massaged it in . After I rinsed , my hair was a matted mess .
 I have fine hair that tends to be oily and needs washed everyother day . This one makes my hair frizzy . The honeysuckle , or the sensitive scalp shampoo are much better for fine hair . I just use it for a body wash now but I love these other 2 shampoos I just mentioned . Chagrin Valley Soap makes awesome shampoo bars too but Aubrey 's are also very nice . Swithching to all-natural shampoo has gotten me raves from the lady who cuts my hair on how much healthier it is .
 I buy a lot of items on Amazon . Usually , the products are what the description states them to be . Not the case with this ` Pro Practice Mannequin Hand ' . The fingers do flex but they do NOT hold their pose . To state otherwise is flat out lying . Amazon should remove this item from their page .
 I was looking forward to getting this ; however it had arrived in a torn box and the stand was broken . The fingers are not flexible like it had described in the description . I am disappointed and returning it . They are completely unprofessional .
 I purchased this hand for state board . There is a portion that I will need to place hand in a water bowl and well , the fingers do not bend , therefore it is useless ! I really am thinking of returning it !
 I 'm a LONG standing Amazon customer and so pleased with everything I purchase we get . However , I 'm very disappointed with the product as well as the company that makes this product . The hand is PINK not `` flesh '' color as shown . The fingers on the hand will not `` bend '' and hold their position . The pink color will NOT be true to the nail polish that you are working on so the shade may change .
 I bought this item because it was clearly stated in the description `` practice hand with flexible fingers ... Fingers can be bent and adjusted . They retain position until you move them . `` Fingers certainly do NOT stay bent , not a second !! This is basically a hand shaped soft and somewhat thick rubber balloon filled with air -RRB- You will end up with this one and only shape.I do not recommend it if you are looking for bendable fingers that retain position !!! Plus , no nails .
 My first issue with this product is the color of the hand . It is not the light skinned ivory color on the box . It is a strange reddish pink color looking like someone stayed out in the sun way too long and got a horrible burn . The second issue is the fingers bend but return to their prior position as soon as you let them go . There is nothing internally to help it hold a position . It is more like a thick glove that has been inflated . The hand just spins on the stand and comes off way to easy .
 I have been using this cologne from Italy for 20 years.What I recently received was not that cologne . I believe it to be a counterfeit . I am both shocked and dismayed . Amazon , this stuff is not the real thing .
 One big mess ! Impossible to put on without it flaking all over your face . Did n't like it at all . And the seller has a horrible return policy . 14 day return policy and NO returns on makeup . I can walk into an Ulta store , buy anything I want , including makeup , and return it if I 'm not happy . No questions asked . I certainly learned a lesson about checking return policies BEFORE I buy anything .
 I 'm going to tell you the truth this parfum does n't have a smell.It was too damn light for me.I had to damn near spray a whole bottle on me just to smell something.Don ' t even waste your time or money on this one folks .
 Shipping and packaging I have no complaints of , however it does n't have a cap as shown in the photo.It smells gross , mostly like flowers -LRB- but not a good flower -RRB- with a bit of incense.This scent smells like some other perfume that I cant place at the moment -LRB- some funky old scent you get from drugstore or avon -RRB- . ugh its gross wish i could send it back .
 I was suprised at how small the product was when I got it in the mail
 I was hoping I 'd get the smell of buttery lobster . Out of novety I decided to buy this fragrane but it smells like febreze -LRB- which isnt bad for febreze when you want that smell but not when you want lobster -RRB- .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 My husband has terribly oily skin and we were using Neutrogena oil face wash -LRB- which worked amazingly well ! -RRB- but they stopped selling it , so we tried this . It does not control his oil at all ... it literally does nothing . His face is back to being shiny and constantly oily.Bummed : -LRB-
 I dont know if it is my face or its just the product ... my face is still oily after using this for almost a month now ... not worth the money ... it makes you feel refreshed though after using it . : -LRB-
 I have been using this since i love the gel . Anyway , my skin has actually gotten worse . SO , I am going to continue using it and see if it is a `` gets worse before it gets better '' kinda thing . However , it has been two weeks and it is pretty bad . If my skin dramatically clears up by the time I finish this bottle , I will write an amazing review . Until then , my pimples hurt .
 I bought this stuff as yet another attempt to help cut down on my oily face . I thought ... Neutrogena has some great products , so I 'll give it a shot . After the first time I used it , I was shocked at how oily my skin got afterwards in less than an hour . I figured I 'd stick with it though for a few weeks to really give it a fair shot . Unfortunately , no change . I know everyones skin is different , but for me this product was awful . My face was oily much quicker and much worse than with any other product I had ever tried . Luckily , I was able to return it to the store for a full refund .
 I was suprised at how small the product was when I got it in the mail
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 I used this product for the past year , it was awesome ! Bought this product online ... When it came it was and still is creamy . It 's suppose to be thick . Very disappointed .
 I was disappointed that they did n't have the size I have which is bigger than 1.0 ounce . Then I paid extra to get it there by Dec. 21 and my sister did n't get it until after Christmas .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 This is really just an imitation of Bvlgari Blv for men , not nearly as good nor as long lasting . The plastic edged glass bottle is cheap looking . Since Bvlgari Blv costs about three times the price of this eau de toilette per ounce , I guess you can call this a bargain , but you get what you pay for , & in this case , that 's not much . Save up your money for the original by Bvlgari , which is worth it just for the beauty of the bottle alone .
 I was charged $ 51 for my order . I just got a cancellation notice and no refund . Where is my money at ? Very dishonest company . I will NEVER order a Philosophy product ever . You should n't charge people then cancel their order . I had better get my money back or I will be taking action .
 Well do n't know who is to blame philosophy or Amazon . I bought the 16 oz double rich hot cocoa shower gel and amazon cancelled the order with no explanation as to why ?? Did they not have stock ?? Was there a price error ... what was the reason for cancelling my order ?? I think from what I have read from others experience in dealing with philosophy 's customer service though that they were not greeted in the best customer service way . Someone ... Amazon ... or philosophy should step up to the plate if they want customers to come back and buy their productsBTW the link in my cancellation notice now takes me to a 2 oz size for 6.00 that is a crazy price for 2 oz of shower gel IMO
 Philosophy needs to take a lesson from their own motto they spew
 I also ordered the 16 oz product , only to have it cancelled without explanation . When I contacted customer service via email , I received nothing but a canned email . Sent another email , got the same canned response . Horrid c.s. I filed a complaint with the BBB . Even if I get nothing out of it , I 'm hoping this will force the company to respond to me with something other than an auto-response !
 You are either going to love this smell or hate it . Me , I gave it 2 stars . This smells like fake chocolate . If you 're not sure if you like that smell , I suggest you go to Bloomingdales and take a sniff before you buy it , before you 're stuck in a shower with it.If you do like the smell , it cleans just fine . I ca n't actually say anything negative on that side of things . It also does lather pretty well .
 I loved the Bath and Body Works Wickly Hot Chocolate . They do n't seem to make it anymore so thought I would try this instead . It did n't compare . The scent just did n't cut it . The soap is okay but I bought it looking for a good chocolate scent . This did n't provide it . I 'm still looking .
 Here is the email documenting the conversation I just had with Philosophy : I just now called your 800 number and canceled my order . The woman told me that you are aware of the error but that you are not canceling orders AND that you are knowingly shipping out the 2oz when you know people are expecting the 16oz . That is very bad business and in my opinion speaks very poorly for you . That is so wrong to ship out another item than what people actually ordered . Sorry , but I think that is pretty dishonest.Wow , I ca n't believe the conversation I just had with your Customer Service . Any company that knowingly does a bait and switch like this is pretty low .
 Philosophy does n't stand behind their advertised price . I do n't know any company who would n't honor a price , even if it was an error . It speaks volumes about them and their lack of ethics . Very Little Grace Indeed .
 This is my first time ordering from philosophy and my last ! I had nothing but problems with this company . I ordered this product which was supposed to be a 16oz well turns out it was an error . So I canceled my order and now I am receiving nothing but spam from them ! Right now I have 75 of the same philosophy emails and I 'm sure I 'll be receiving more soon . Will not be purchasing from in the future .
 I 'm a total loyal Philosophy costumer - I have everything from their purity facewash to hope in the jar and have heard nothing but good things about the company , until now . My order just like everyone else 's was cancelled and they then proceeded to send me cancellations one after the other ! I got about 30 yesterday and over 40 today!Not good customer service at all !
 I ordered the product and just got cancellation email from Amazon . No explanation on the reason in the email . I 've been using Philosophy for a long time . Customer service is not helpful and I 'm not happy with the transaction . I 'll never order from them again . If you think of ordering from them , think again .
 cancelled my order and then sent me THIRTY ... yes 30 EMAILS ... telling me that they cancelled it .
 I heard a lot of good reviews about Philosophy bath & shower gel and decided to try out this product since both my boyfriend and I love hot coca and I was looking to buy some presents for several friends birthday coming up . I ordered 4 bottles since they was on sale . So what happened ? First , I see my credit card get charge . Few days later I did not receive my order shipping confirmation so I logged on to my account again and see that my order got delay . Ok , I do n't mind about that since I do n't need one right now . Today I received an email said that my order was canceled and I DID NOT RECEIVE ANY EXPLANATION OR APOLOGY WHICH IS VERY RUDE , plus the item was longer on sale . It was a waste of my time and energy . Update
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 Pros
 I have been using this cleanser for 2 years . So I know the product . The 2 bottles I purchased are fakes . Total Fraud . Will definitely reconsider purchasing from amazon .
 I bought this item with active tone and active moist , this three products are very generic and applicable to normal face types . I never had any acne problem , I never had any skin problem before , I was using Babe until now and my skin was perfect even when I was at 17s I never had any acne problem . But since I started using this product my skin became awful , it is unbelievable , I paid a lot of money and I can not use it , if I attempt to use it , in 1-2 days I start having at least 4-5 strange acnes all over my face . I strongly not recommend anyone to buy it .
 The first time I bought Dermalogica from Amazon the product was not a `` knock off '' . I believe -LRB- for sure -RRB- this time the microfoliant and cleansing gel are acounterfeit product . I would not purchase this again from Amazon .
 Omni solutions sent us '' Essesntial Cleansing Solution '' instead of '' Special Cleansing gel '' and then they sent the replacement via regular First Class mail and it reached us after like 3 weeks because of postal delays . I would have thought they would send it through a faster service sinc eit was their fault . I would avoid them in the future .
 no results , waste of money I used it for months . . very greasy and oily . Do not buy this product unless you want breakouts .
 Like the color ... like the texture / creaminess ... too soft and I used it a coupe of times before the lipstick broke in half !!!!!!!!!!!!
 This product has not come , not even I have the tracking number to check is done , I sent two e-mails to ask for it , they have the responsibility to do so , are very careless , but God 's forgiveness .
 I was suprised at how small the product was when I got it in the mail
 I was suprised at how small the product was when I got it in the mail
 I 've been using AlphaDerma-CE for about 30 days , and the results have been underwhelming . While it goes on smoothly and absorbs quickly , I have n't noticed any reductions in wrinkles or damage . I 'm 44 years old , and I have wrinkling around my eyes and extending from the sides of my nose , mostly due to sun exposure ; however , the AlphaDerma-CE dries my skin further . As a remedy , I use moisturizer on top of the AlphaDerma , but there 's no information accompanying the product regarding using moisturizers and/or makeup on top of it . Does that lessen its positive effects ? Should I wait X amount of time before applying other products over it ? How long before I should see some improvement in my skin ? Thirty days ? 60 ? 90 ? So far , I 'm disappointed . I can see no reduction whatsoever in wrinkling , and perhaps a small increase , due to dryness .
 After using this product along with Janson Beckett 's Cleansing Milk , toner , Skin Prep , Okusil , Vitamin C&C and DermaExcel for 4 months , all I have seen is more pronounced wrinkles and older looking skin . I 'm 32-years-old . Growing in a tropical island accelerated the aging of my face , but I think that I still can repair it . Definitively not with these products . If I can post pictures of the bottles and my skin somewhere I 'll do it ...
 I used StriVectin for a year and decided to try AlphaDerma . What a waste . It did n't work at all , and I lost the benefits I 'd gotten from StriVectin . AlphaDerma does n't hydrate at all , so you 'll have to be sure to use a good moisturizer with it . It 's really runny , not creamy at all . I quit using AlphaDerma after 2 months & went back to StriVectin . Do n't bother trying AlphaDerma . It does n't do anything .
 The description says it 's C6 which I 've been using and LOVE , but what I received was c8 . As others have reviewed this apparently is taking the place of C6 ??? But why advertise that it 's C6 when it 's not . I 'm keeping it , because I LOVE Kinerase . But the C6 was great for fading age spots , and clearing my skin . I just hope this &#34; new &#34; stuff works well . Will update again after I use for a while . They did include two free samples for firm cream , which was reason I gave 2 stars . If this cream works as good or better I 'll re review .
 This is a fantastic product . I 'm fifty and have used it for three years . I recently received a new supply from Shop Wars and was shocked . This is not the product I 've used in the past , different texture , smelled terrible , discolored . The patent and batch numbers do n't even appear and the copy on the bottle does not match the last bottle I bought from another supplier . Maybe it was just a fluke . It may also be counterfeit or way too old . Buy this product but DO NOT BUY IT FROM SHOP WARS !
 bought as a xmas gift for my 10 year old nice . when it arrived ... it was one small lip gloss smaller than my pinkie finger . tiny little stick with a lip gloss at end . i was very disappointed . i would not recommend purchasing this item . cost too much for what you get .
 Like the color ... like the texture / creaminess ... too soft and I used it a coupe of times before the lipstick broke in half !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I am now on day 28 of Kinerase 's `` 28 days to younger skin '' program . I am 41 , have wrinkling around the eyes and mouth , have spent a small fortune on this entire regime , and have zero results . Do n't waste your money .
 I have been using the ROC deep wrinkle night cream and wanted to try this since it has a better score on the hazardous cosmetics rating but it does n't moisturize and it does n't help my wrinkles , especially under my eyes . I would not recommend this , it is much too expensive and does n't keep it 's promises and does n't moisturize my skin hardly at all .
 Like the color ... like the texture / creaminess ... too soft and I used it a coupe of times before the lipstick broke in half !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Have purchased this product at local mall previously . Unfortunately , my purchase with this seller was not as expected . Sent message to seller in regards to the spray portion being broken and never received anything . Just wanted to exchange item for a working one . Very disappointed .
 Awful perfume . If you do n't like perfume that people can smell from a distance , stay away from this one ! Got a sample of this and one spray on one wrist later I was sorry . People near me at work were asking what that smell was , it was aggravating their sinuses .
 I thought I was buying a spray bottle but it was actually a refill bottle . Wife was n't happy had to then go and buy a spray bottle . . Pain in the butt . Gave me wrong product .
 It was love at first sniff when I first discovered Angel . I just finished the first bottle I splurged on last year , and immediately ordered this larger size . But something is really not right . This perfume smells different , NOT the Angel I knew and loved . It 's flat , does n't have the same odor AT ALL and even after FOUR sprays , -LRB- three more than I ever needed before , -RRB- I still can barely smell it ten minutes later . This is the exact product I had , or so it appears , but it sure does n't smell the same . Something smells rotten , but I do n't know why . Did someone knock off Angel ?
 Box was damaged , like a `` rejected product '' box . The bottle itself had grinder marks on it where something was ground off . The scent is anything but angleic .
 I had read so many reviews about this and was stunned not to love it . The first thing I noticed
 I ordered Angel Perfume for my daughter who has been wearing it for years . Having always purchased it at up-scale department stores , I was impressed by Amazon 's lower price . I ordered two bottles . What I received was not the authentic Angel Perfume . In fact , for someone who wears it regularily , the scent was not even close . I would recommend not purchasing perfumes without knowing the `` supplier '' .
 This perfume was definitely not the Angel by Thierry Mugler which I have purchased over the years in Retail Stores e.g. , Macy 's , Nordstroms and the like . I contacted the company to voice my complaint . I was given an address to which I should return it so that I could be refunded my money . I sent the package out at a cost of $ 10 only to have it returned for `` no such address '' . I immediately called to have the address verified and got the same address , so I re-sent it at the same cost . Sure enough , I received the package today as `` undeliverable '' . I have spent over $ 20 in postage fees , time in phone calls and emails with no resolution or refund . I have lost all faith in this company and what they say they represent.I recommend that if you want `` real '' perfume , you stay away from this company .
 The Perfume arrived on time . It is brown -LRB- supposed to be light blue -RRB- and smells bad . This is my wife 's favorite perfume for 10 years , so we know what it is supposed to smell like . It looks like it is old / and or the prodcut was frozen.Have contacted seller several times to return at their expense . Not responsive . Do not do business with this group .
 I received the package in a timely fashion , but had reservations about the item itself . The package was sent with plastic bags you use receive from a grocery store as packing material . I still have the plastic bag to prove it . To make matters worse , the item was opened , which presents the question , is this legitimate . This is for a birthday present for my children 's mother , so my concern is related to her health . Is it safe to use this product ? I would like a response from the company guaranteeing that the item is legitimate . Otherwise , I would like to return the item.My concern is not about the product , for I have purchased similar Angel items for her without any issue , but with the company fulfilling the order I placed on Amazon .
 5:53 pm August 22 , 2011WOW !!! Here 's the response I received from DEAD SEA BEAUTY regarding my request to obtain a refund from them : Dear Customer , Thank you for the email . From the comment we can see this item has been used , is that correct ? Please know that only brand new , unused , and unwrapped items may be returned . Please know you received the correct spray and it does not in any way smell in a negative manner . It is the original perfume and it is not defective in any way . Any claims that it smells like `` bug spray '' are absurd . As per our return policy , used items may not be returned or exchanged . We are very sorry but since the item has been used , we are unable to issue a refund . Thank you.SO IN OTHER WORDS ... they do NOT stand behind their product ! So how was I to smell the perfume , thorough the box?I filed a claim with Amazon and will be contacting the Better Business Bureau . I know what this perfume is SUPPOSED to smell like , I have a bottle of it left over which I purchased in person at Macy 's . This is VERY BAD business and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND people NOT to purchase anything from this BOGUS COMPANY.I received the 1.7 oz bottle of Angel perfume . Mind you I still have some left over from the bottle I purchased from Macy 's . Their -LRB- Dead Sea Beauty -RRB- bottle smells like BUG SPRAY ! I had 3 other people smell my wrists . Left wrist with Macy 's Angel perfume and right wrist with Dead Sea Beauty perfume and all 3 people agreed my right wrist smelled like bug spray .
 The ` special code ' found on all the boxes which Angel is packaged in had its code cut out . I was so mad . You can take that code and ` refill ' your bottle on the Thierry Mugler web site and get all sorts of little free things . I did complain to Amazon about this , and they gave me a partial credit since I could not return the perfume itself . This is the first time this has ever happened to me and am hoping it does n't happen again . There was nothing wrong with the perfume itself , but since it is so expensive , I 've come to look forward to ` refilling ' my bottle and receiving my little gift .
 I would not recommend . It is not the scent I buy from the dept. store . If you order it , you will be disappointed like I was . The identifying number was razored out and resealed and shipped to me . I will not purchase from here again . Lesson learned .
 In Which Nursing Home Do You Live?Angel Perfume reeks of chocolate-scented bathroom air freshener & some kind of orthopedic shoe powder with a Godforsaken undercurrent of nursing home pastries . Have some self respect , my friend ; whatever your age , you are too young for this aroma ...
 I bought a sample of Angel though Ebay and got it in the mail today . I have to say this stuff is the worst `` perfume '' I have ever smelled in my life . I would never want it to touch my skin . It is a very masculine smell , but if I smelled it on a man I would run screaming and gagging for the hills . Just horrible .
 Purchased a Coach purse and it was drenched in this odious obnoxious `` smell '' . The odor was actually worse than White Shoulders fragrance . This odor of `` Angel '' was saturated throughout the purse and was very offensive . I really wanted that Coach purse , but even after 2 days of hanging the purse outdoors in sun and breezes , it still retained the odor . I had to send it back to seller . That is how I first experienced `` Angel '' perfume . I find it thoroughly un-acceptable and would not ever wear it on a bet let alone to enhance a man . EWWW ! ! ! It is like this Thierry Mugler hates women and makes them Stink.Angel by Thierry Mugler for Women - 1.7 Ounce EDP Spray
 In Which Nursing Home Do You Live?Angel Perfume reeks of chocolate-scented bathroom air freshener & some kind of orthopedic shoe powder with a Godforsaken undercurrent of nursing home pastries . Have some self respect , my friend ; whatever your age , you are too young for this aroma ...
 Love the smell of Angel perfume , however this perfume I purchased was a knock off version , which smelled awful ! Lost 75 . oo on this purchase .
 I never received this item . Big mess up in shipping . Notified company and was told a replacement would come and later found out was never shipped . Told I would be have the charge removed from card and still not done . Never buy from them again
 The bottle of Thierry Mugler Eau De Parfum arrived as advertised & ordered , as did the small purse size . I was charged $ 3.95 for the small purse size and upon receiving it , the small size read `` Sample NOT FOR SALE '' . That was a ripoff and I am very disappointed and will not deal with them again .
 It smells awful and they wo n't let me return it . Do n't buy this product !!! I am so disappointed . I ca n't believe this got so many good reviews .
 This is a very poor quality mirror . It has excessive distortion . This is not acceptable so I am returning it . Sometimes paying less costs more .
 The mirror is too small to be useful as a travel mirror . If you stick it to a bathroom mirror , in many hotels it would be too far from the user to enable the user to focus without leaning far across the vanity top toward the mirror . It functions best as a hand-held mirror .
 If you have fine hair , I would not recommend this . It weighs down my hair and makes it feel oily . Stick with Shampoo One .
 In the past I 've enjoyed Paul Mitchell hair products but this one was a disappointment . It made my hair dry and oddly unmanageable . I was n't a huge fan of the smell either . It 's been relegated to the guest bathroom .
 I purchased this from a salon after a color treatment . The stylist had great things to say and having used PM styling products I thought it was a smart buy . Man , was I wrong.After using this with the matching conditioner my hair would feel dirty and very greasy . I would notice that if I attempted to style my hair -LRB- shoulder length -RRB- it would go well enough but if I left it to its own devices my hair would look as if I had n't showered in several days . While that was frustrating , my hair would take a washing or two with different shampoo/conditioner to return to a normal state.I too thought I was not washing it out cleanly and tried again , making sure I rinsed my hair . Same result . I then used the conditioner with another shampoo and in a few days it was back to `` normal '' . I tried the shampoo again with a non-PM conditioner and same greasy result.After checking online I 've discovered that it seems to be an issue that many people have and it looks like its just the shampoo . If you style your hair everyday then this might be the shampoo for you as it helped do up-dos very easily , but if you tend to wash and go -LRB- like me -RRB- in the mornings then I do n't recommend .
 I used this product for a few washings and each time it made my hair greasy and disgusting . At first I thought maybe I had n't rinsed it out well enough so I kept trying and it did n't get better . Find a different product !
 This shampoo is beyond gross . After two weeks of daily use -LRB- as advertized on the bottle -RRB- my hair became so greasy it looked like I had n't showered in days even directly after blow drying.Simply do a search of others ' reviews on this product . You 'll quickly find that many others have had similar issues with this shampoo.I must say , though , that during the first week of use , my fine , wavy -LRB- and color treated -RRB- hair developed a thicker texture that held flat ironing and styling well . But , by the second week it was so greasy I could n't even get to styling -- soooo gross it needed to be washed AGAIN and with something else!I did n't think one 's hair could look dirtier/greasier than before shampooing , but Paul Mitchell nailed it on this one . Do n't waste your money on this stuff . You can get greasy hair for free !
 The first time I used this product with the matching condition I actually thought I had forgotten to rinse the conditioner out ! That is how severe the residue left in my hair was . My hair felt like it had my husbands styling wax in it !! The next time I skipped the conditioner and just used the shampoo with no less residue . I used my usual Dove shampoo the next day and the residue is finally gone . I will be throwing this product out - it is really gross !
 I needed a bleaching cream but was too afraid to get one because most of them contain hydroquinone which is rumored to cause skin cancer . I was hopeful to find this product from Olay as I 'm a loyal Olay girl . I used this on a dark spot on my cheek . The ad promised a change in 2 weeks maximum . I used it religiously twice a day for 2 months , applying the cream only to the dark spot . I 've yet to see any difference on my skin , neither lighter nor darker . . nothing . Save your money , look elsewhere . As the previous poster mentioned , it 's good as a backup moisturizer as it 's not too oily .
 I am a HUGE fan of Olay products and use their foaming face wash , moisturizers -LRB- including the Regenerist Continuous Night Recovery is a great product -RRB- ... so I was really dissapointed to spend $ 16 + on this product and then see no change . I am in my 30 's , have fair/medium shade combination skin . I tried using it on various types of spots from a beauty mark to a break-out spot that was healing . I tried using it a couple of times a day , at first blending it in and then even leaving a dollop on the marks while I slept -LRB- not blending it into my skin -RRB- . I tried it for several weeks . No results . This product did nothing for me . I would not recommend it . I would have given it zero start , but Amazon does not allow it.Avon has a product out that touts similar claims to Olay 's product . I have not tried it yet but would suggest you see if you can try a sample of that from an Avon rep. instead .
 I simply love most all of Olay products . . especially the Regenerist line ... until I bought the Tone Enhancer . It did nothing for my face . Not one thing stated on the tube happened to my skin . I guess I will use it as a moisturizer until it 's gone .
 I wish I 'd read the amazon reviews before buying this overpriced product . I love olay 's regenerist line , but this was a waste of money . Not recommended at all .
 Perhaps this product is wonderful for people with darker skin , but it did n't work for me.I have light skin that can tan nicely . Because I tanned often when I was in my 20 's , I now have some skin discoloration . IPL 's and peels have helped tremendously , but have n't erased it all , so I thought maybe a product such as this would lighten those patches over time . I was prepared to have to continue to buy in order to keep the lightened effect.Sad to say , after at least 5 months of diligent everyday -LRB- morning and night -RRB- use , I can detect no change whatsoever ; even a test spot that I had not treated before stayed exactly the same.I really like other Olay products , but I can not recommend this one to my fair-skinned sisters .
 If I could , I would give it zero stars . Applied it every day to my face for a month and my brown spots are still there . Tried it a second time and got a red rash which looked like a sunburn for a week . What an expensive and painful waste of money . I 'll go and visit a dermatologist instead ...
 I tried this product as directed and could see no difference in my facial discoloration due to sun exposure . I like most of the OLAY line , but this did not deliver what it promised . I will look to other brands to see if I can achieve better results . It was a waste of money for me .
 I love this product , I have been looking for it for a long time and when I found it here I was very happy !! however when I received it I was disapointed of the size and the fact that it was a SAMPLE-NOT FOR INDIVIDUAL SALE !!! I do n't mind paying for the product but I would expect to get at least something that is not labeled as SAMPLE !!!
 Pros - did not irritate my scalp or skinCons - This is the messiest , drippiest hair color I have ever used . It does n't last very long -LRB- less than other non-permanent brands -RRB- . It has a very red tone . If that is what you are looking for , you might like it , but I wanted more like the actual color honey brown .
 I love Australian Gold products and was excited to buy Forever After All Day Moisturizer at a good price . Unfortunately , I 'm very disappointed in this AG because of the horrible scent/smell . I thought I was buying the summer-like scent I 've come to expect from Australian Gold , but this is ... phewwww!To be fair , the silky moisturizing factor is great ~ my skin felt wonderful and soft for hours after I applied . However , the scent -LRB- difficult to described , but it reminds me of something my grandmother used in her 80 's -RRB- is much too overpowering and much too strong . I grudgingly gave 2 stars -LRB- simply for the moisturizing factor -RRB- . I purchased 2 bottles and might end up giving them to the nice little old lady that lives on my street . Hopefully , the smell wo n't be too strong for her senses .
 You can not use this product . I was so disappointed , because I use almost all of Australian Gold Products . This smells so strong if you were to put it on your body they could smell you a mile away . It is so strong it is offensive . No one could stand to be around you .
 When I read reviews on how amazing this lotion smelled , I gave it a try . Do n't waste your money . It does have a nice smell but it really does n't moisturize that well . I have better results with a generic cocoa butter lotion at Target . Also , I noticed that my knees actually looked drier while using this product . I actually had to use a second moisturizer to counter what this product did !
 I usually purchase this from the salon , but thought I would try on amazon.com . HUGE mistake ; smells NOTHING like the product that I buy . Smells cheap , tacky & like it was something I concocted when I was 10 years old . So greasy , I could n't wait to wash my hands , & even that did n't get rid of the smell . Very disappointed !!!
 I do not recommend buying anything from Staytan ! I placed an order on Jan 11 and as of Jan 26 Staytan still has not even shipped my product or responded to the delay . I sent an email to find out my staus on Jan 22 and still no reply so I put in to cancel my order on Jan 26 . Will never do business with this person . Not reliable !
 This lotion reeks especially after you just get done tanning it smells even worse . I will not continue to use this lotion . I bought the playboy daily mostiturizer instead , much better
 This lotion is very moisturizing but the smell of it is very strong and reminds me of an older woman 's perfume . The lotion works well but due to the scent I do not plan to purchase this lotion again .
 This lotion works amazingly , but I ca n't use it because the scent is SO overpowering . Gives me an instant headache . Throwing it out because I ca n't use it . I 've tried several times , but I ca n't deal with the headache . : -LRB-
 Im not usually picky about my lotions and not too sensitive to smells but this one i just dont like . It works well , moisturizing and doesnt leave you feeling greasy . But ! I absolutely hate the smell of it , so much so i couldnt use it anymore after only a few times . I just can not stand how it smells . I didnt think a smell would bother me so much but the scent from this lingers on ALL day . Blech !
 The lotion is extremely thick and it does n't even feel like it 's moisturizing my skin it just smells like tanning lotion its nauseating
 At first I loved this lotion but then I realized it was making the eczema on my hands flare up and it was also making my chest/shoulders / & back break out in pimples/blackheads . It 's a very thick lotion , is probably why it 's clogging my pores . If you have very dry skin then it would probably work for you .
 you can not put the dryer with the nozzle on in it . . grrrr . . if you have the elchim , the nozzle is pretty hard to remove . . what a pain
 This blow dryer holder is too small my sedu blow dryer coudnt fit =-LRB- i was disapointed ... . if you have a blow dryer thats short and thick this wont help at all but if you have those long skinny blow dryers than this would be perfect ...
 I thought I had ordered black , but it was white which does n't look good with my red Elchim hairdryer . I also canot put the hairdryer in the stand with the straightening attachment in place . Much more hassle than it is worth .
 I was suprised at how small the product was when I got it in the mail
 Like the color ... like the texture / creaminess ... too soft and I used it a coupe of times before the lipstick broke in half !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 Ordered the 3.3 oz but received the 1 oz Seller claims it was a mistake on Amazon 's part . Was offered a discount or return . Selected the return , but was sent a priorty ship label . USPS said they could not accept liquids w/priorty mailing . Had to pay to have the perfume sent back . Still waiting for reimbursement for shipping from seller . Have received refund for the item .
 Bought it for my wife , review was good . Wife says it is for an old lady . She is in her thirties . i guess that is what I get for doing something nice ? Suggestions go to your local mall and get an opinion from the young good looking girls at the perfume counter .
 I love me some bath salts and will try anything that says `` stress relief '' but I thought these were stinky . After one bath I ended up giving the rest away . I suppose everyone likes different things and scent is such a personal thing , but I thought this was gross . I really liked the `` Detox '' one from this company though .
 These towels are advertised to be great for quick-drying hair both on pets and people . We tried it on our dog and on my medium length hair . It certainly was not a better towel than our regular bath towels . I do n't recommend them at all .
 I ordered two of these boxes . . My package did not even make it to me and was returned somehow . . I have no clue ! Well at least Cosmetic Solutions refunded my money back into my account right away ! = -RRB-
 Like the color ... like the texture / creaminess ... too soft and I used it a coupe of times before the lipstick broke in half !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I ordered this product way back in November . First problem
 Actually I still have not received it . Contacted the vendor as well as UPS and still have not heard anything .
 I needed this product ASAP as my roots were showing and I do my own color at home . few days later the tacking information displayed that the item was delivered while I received nothing ! I had to contact the seller and inform them about the situation . They said they will look into it . One week later I still didnt hear from the seller nor received the item . I eneded up going to Sally Beauty Supply where I got exactly the same product much cheaper -LRB- obviously because no shipping or handling -RRB- . few days later the item appeared on my doorsteps . Thank you but I didnt need it anymore . Never again , I will go to Sally Beauty Supply from now on .
 I finally gave this product a try because everyone said that this was the right product for them . It was not the right one for me . I ordered intense red , but it shows NO SIGNS of red whatsoever . It turned my hair to brown-ish colour . The product looked convincing , I loved the bloody red shade when the product was mixed . The result shocked me in a very bad way , because there was no hint - I mean , NO HINT - of redness . I 've used cheaper DIY products which showed more INTENSE RED than this product . SUCH A SHAME !
 i bought this to dye my hair -LRB- also because i was told this is better for darker hair -RRB- and each time i tried to color it . . this washed right out -LRB- i tried 2x but bought 3 -RRB- ! First off , my stylist told me i shouldnt have to bleach my hair in order to see the color ... not true ... this for dark hair only product is just terrible ... not only will i never buy it again . . im trying to get my money back for the last box ... unfortunately im still stuck with my brown hair -LRB- which i have been able to easily dye before -RRB-
 This item arrived and is a piece of cheap china junk , ... it was not the same product ordered ... and when we plugged it in it did not even heat enough to create steam ... amazon is making it right but this is truly a piece
 I read the reviews here and was expecting a really good facial steamer but apparently most of the reviewers here were just amazed that this product existed at all . Its like someone who has never seen a car before thinking that a Kia is the most amazing thing in the world . Let me tell you , there are many better products out there but they come at a price -LRB- $ 180 + -RRB- . If you 're going to buy something for your face that you will be using for many years to come , you might as well get something worth buying . This one by Kaz is bulky , cheap , slow , and ineffective.National Panasonic makes great facial steamers , but most of them are from Japan and not sold in the U.S. . You can buy them on E-bay though , do a search for Nano Facial Ion Steamer and you 'll see what I 'm talking about . These things begin to steam within a minute of turning it on -LRB- Kaz takes about 5 minutes -RRB- and the steam gets blown into your face . You can sit further away and still get the steam making it very easy to use while watching TV or surfing the web . The Kaz steamer only has a weak amount of steam rise upward so you have to hover your head over the machine and you ca n't target specific areas of your face.Why there are n't more companies making decent facial steamers for U.S. customers is a mystery to me .
 Please be aware that Cache Beauty is NOT a company that you want to order ANYTHING from !!!!! My husband ordered this product as a gift for me . When I opened it up , the steam facial product was defective and leaked . I called the company and asked for an exchange and I was told it was over 30 days since it had been ordered and they REFUSED to exchange it . All I wanted was a product that worked and because it was n't opened and I did n't realize it was defective until 40 days after my husband ordered it , they would n't correct the defective product .
 The steamer broke immediately . CacheBeauty told me to call Kaz directly -LRB- Since I had bought it more than 30 days before they were not responsible anymore -RRB- . Unfortunately Kaz does not produce this product anymore so they could n't do anything either.If I were you I would rather buy the Conair Facial Sauna , Conair is still producing it .
 Only gave one star since giving it none was not an option.This product was a huge disappointment , which is really saying something given the fact that what it is supposed to do is pretty simple . Had I seen it in a store , I would never have purchased it even for $ 5 let alone $ 30 . Cheap construction and no steam output even after 30 minutes of fiddling with it to get the proper `` salt content '' for the unit to operate . The box it came in promoted it as a room vaporizer . The Conair steamer I had years ago did not have the huge tank to double as a room vaporizer - just a little concentrated area for water and a huge , concentrated steam output . Cache Beauty flatly -LRB- and rudely -RRB- refused to refund the shipping cost for a defective item and I am now out the $ 8.80 they charged for shipping PLUS the cost to send the piece of trash back to them . Terrible customer service and a terrible product . Shop elsewhere .
 Gives lots of steam , but I really did n't notice any change in my skin . The container is unnecessarily big for a regular facial and occupies a lot of space . I wish I had ordered a more managable-sized steamer .
 If you are like me that look for easy-use , low-maintenance product , think twice.According to the instructions , I need to add exactly right amount of salt to make it work every time . I also need to soak the steam unit in the vinegar once a week as the maintenance . I 've contacted the vendor by email and 2 phone calls and the customer service experiences were not pleasant . And they seem to have no confidence in their production either that they do not offer satisfaction guarantee.I really wish that someone had listed the above facts earlier so I would not have paid for something that I tossed away and , in turn , needed to make purchase from other vendor !!!!
 This product belongs on the shelves of the `` Dollar Store '' . Better to stick to well known Drugstore brands .
 For almost 20 bucks you would think this thin would n't rust - Wrong.Rusty soap sucks . Maybe they could spare just a little extra stainless steel . Or not .
 Initially , I loved the look of this item , but over time it started to rust and finally I had to just throw it away . I also cut my hand on the edge that is revealed when you separate the top from the bottom . If you buy this item , take a look at those edges and you 'll know exactly what I 'm talking about . You would hope that any `` soap '' box would be waterproof but the fact that the inside started to rust made it completely unusable . I always give a product a little time before I review it and it only took a few months for me to come back on here and want to warn others looking to purchase an item like this .
 the smell of this actually made me sneeze . it 's kind of a sharp , soapy smell . the kids loved the dolphin on the package but the `` sands '' are not great ultimately .
 There is nothing organic about this product.It is full of PEG which is polyethyleneglycol aka the antifreeze in your car . The list does go on.Don ' t be fooled by the name . Just take a look at the ingredients list and stand in amazement that these people are n't coughing up thousands of dollars in fines for selling a product labeled as organic when it clearly is not organic at all . It is people like this that are killing people everyday by poisoning people for a profit .
 Manufacturer has apparently changed ingredients . I had used it in the past without a problem ... this year it has made me break out as I never have before . I stopped it , tried again after three months just to be sure it was the product . . and indeed
 This product is great in concept and I was looking forward to using this tween coloring . Sadly , I had to send it back , I 've run the product several times along a few strands of hair . No color was deposited , just had tiny pieces break off onto my hair and scalp .
 This product is a waste of money . After reading some of the positive reviews , I decided to waste $ 20 + on it to see if it will help . I used it on my mild acne for over a month and I did n't notice the smallest change or effectiveness . Do n't buy this product . Waste of money and time .
 Somehow this face cream worsened my acne . I even stuck it out , finishing the entire tube , thinking my face was just adjusting and might come out better in the end . What a waste and a disappointment .
 I 'm 30 -LRB- ish -RRB- fair skinned woman , who 's always had acne prone skin . I 'd only ever once found an inexpensive and worthy product that worked , then Bath & Body Works decided to discontinue it -LRB- figures -RRB- about 10 years ago . Since , I 've hunted for the next best thing , spending a small fortune in vain to simply clear up my face . It 's just on the chin and forehead , but still there no matter what I use -LRB- including proactiv -RRB- . So I thought I 'd try this line of products . Once again , I 've been left disappointed as although this product softens the skin and pores it did n't do anything about the acne .
 I thought I try something new and ended up purchasing this product . I see no difference at all . The only thing pleasant was the smell , otherwise it was complete waste of money . For anyone interested in clearing their acne , I recommend purchasing the Panoxyl 10 % BP cream .
 I buy a new product , but what I got is a used one , I ` mreally not happy about that . The cover has damaged and the product has been used , I do n't know why
 I used to love this product . Then about six months ago , La Roche Posay changed the formula . Now there is an `` anti-relapse '' ingredient which was n't there before . The whole consistency of the product has changed , the way it works changed , and when you begin using it , it no longer effectively spot treats acne . I used to be able to use this product and get results within a day ! Now , if I use this product , my acne gets worse . I wish La Roche Posay was still offering their original formula , which was so effective and smelled great .
 I bought La Roche-Posay Effaclar K Acne Treatment for my wife after reading reviews , hoping for results equal to the raves . She has rather aggressive acne on her face and back , especially under her neck line . However , after careful application for over a week , the effects were sadly opposite . The acne not only resisted the cream , it also appeared to encourage even more outbreak around areas treated . She immediately ceased to use it after noting the spreading , and the situation calmed down . She does supplement with DermaCare and internal cleaners that assist a great deal , along with diet to avoid chocolate , ice cream , caffeine and deep fried foods . While this cream may indeed result in positive results for some users , I assure you , it is not for everyone .
 I purchased this after I started breaking out with cystic acne for no apparent reason . I 'd get about 4 or 5 huge bumps on my jaws and along my chin . Right around the time the bumps would almost be gone , which would take at least 2 weeks , I 'd get 4-5 * new * huge bumps in different places on my face . It was very frustrating , and I really needed something to deal with this issue . So , I read the reviews here , and as they seemed very promising , I decided to give it a go . Well , unfortunately , the product just did n't work for me . Actually , it caused me to break out with `` regular '' pimples . So I stopped using it . The pimples went away , but of course I still had the cystic acne . I really wanted this to work so I tried using it again . And as before , I developed more acne than what I had before using it . At that point , I just threw it away . I 'm glad it works for some but it did more harm than good for me . I ended up going to a dermatologist and getting a couple of prescription creams for acne along with a medicated face wash , which did clear up my existing cystic acne and has so far stopped new acne from forming . However , I would have much preferred to use this as opposed to expensive prescriptions .
 It 's sad for me to give Effaclar K two stars . I started using this product in 2007 , and it kept my face perfectly clear until 2011 . It was a miracle product ! I would get compliments on my clear skin all the time . Then , in the fall of 2011 , they changed the formula to add an `` Anti Relapse '' ingredient . When I used the new formula , I got more blackheads and I started breaking out again . The consistency of the formula has changed , and it simply does n't work . I REALLY wish I could continue getting the old formula , and now I have to find a replacement for the product I used to love.If anyone has any suggestions for products that are similar to the old formula of Effaclar K , please let me know !
 I bought this thinking it would smell good , but it was awful ! It smells like rotting flowers . My husband asked what the bad smell was . Sadly , it was me . I scrubbed it off immediately . I know fragrances smell different on everyone , but this smelled awful before in the bottle , not just on my skin .
 This product did not cover my roots at all . It did nothing . The crayon was hard and stiff . I tried to wet it like the instuctions said but I still did not get any coverage at all .
 I paid for a brand new bristle/nylon mixture pocket brush ang they sent me an all bristle one . On top of that the brush had some scratches on it and the box was very damaged . not happy !
 I was not aware that this item ships from England and must be coming by goldfish as the shipment is going to take six weeks to arrive according to their information . I wrote to them three time to trace the package but never got the courtesy of a reply . Amazon will not let me cancel or for that matter ask for help until the entire time has elapsed . Not worth the effort !
 this is just not for me , just too strong for me , give me a horrible headache and burn my nose terribly , just nauseated , i just do n't like , will be giving this away to some who a appreciate it a little more cause i do n't , would have been nice if it was a little toned down , only way i wear this i one little squirt , that 's it , because it does have a nice sent to ,
 I WAS SO HAPPY TO SEE MY ORDER WAS HERE SO FAST ... BUT ITS NOT THE REAL DEAL ... IT SMELLS LIKE CRAP.SO DISAPPOINTING.I EVEN WAITED A COUPLE HOURS AND HAD A FRIEND SMELL IT WHO OWNS THIS . ITS A FAKE
 Este perfume a pesar de llamarse `` Just Me '' y efectivamente ser de Paris Hilton , le han cambiado el aroma . Tiene un aroma agradable , pero es completamente diferente al mismo perfume comprado hace apenas unos meses en tiendas en USA . El aroma anterior era mucho m&aacute;s agradable que el actual . No comprar&iacute;a otro .
 I rated this product with 2 stars because I just do n't like it . I do n't HATE it , and it does n't repluse me , but I will never wear it again because it just does n't smell nice . After buying her other two perfumes -LRB- the Paris Hilton Women original one , and Can Can -RRB- and loving those SO much -LRB- they 're very sexy and girly -RRB- , I decided to buy this `` Just Me '' one because I thought I 'd love it just as much ... but no . I 'm usually drawn to sexy/sweet/girly perfumes . For example , a couple of my faves are Britney Spears - Fantasy , Ralph Lauren - Hot , Beyonce - Heat , Victoria 's Secret - Sexy Little Things Noir , and the other Paris Hilton ones I previously mentioned . So , my advice to you
 I actually like the other perfume -LRB- s -RRB- she has out , but this one is far too strong ... I gave it away ... Very disappointed with the smell !
 This spray i bought for my mother , and she is very upset that the bottle , the quality of the spary proves itself that it 's noth but waste of money . This is fake ... i would rather suggest to pay more nd buy from macys ... u wo n't regret
 Let me first say I was skeptical of this product before ordering it . I have been battling hair loss for 5 years and have tried various different things . I should note that I did experience success using brand name Avodart . But due to extremely high cost and sexual side effects I was desperate to seek out a topical alternative . Which lead me to Revivogen . After using for 3 months and doing lots of internet research I have come to the conclusion that this product is useless and bordering on a scam . First off the product DID NOT do anything to slow or regrow hair for me . But more importantly what I found on the net is discouraging . I will list out my reasons for this below ... 1 . Topical Absorption - Yes , Revivogen does have an impressive ingredient list . Most of these products have been shown in a lab to have some anti-androgen properties . The key thing to understand here is `` in a lab '' . There is no scientific evidence whatsoever that these ingredients will lower DHT in a human body , LET ALONE if they are applied topically . There are many things that have systemic effects when taken orally but have no efficacy at all when used topically . This can be seen in many vitamins as well as spirinolactone which is an extremely powerful anti-androgen . However , as many hair loss sufferers have discovered it has no effect used topically . Moving on ... 2 . Where are the good reviews ? - Revivogen has been around for some time and if it is as effective as they claim there should be lots of internet success reviews backing this up . I have scoured the net and at best have come up with people saying they `` think it works '' or it `` should work '' based on it 's ingredients . You 'd think on sites like Amazon there would be lots of people backing this product . When I did come across positive reviews they appeared to be fake and scripted . Which is something I will address next .3 . Duplicate reviews - In searching the net for reviews on Revivogen I found one website that had an abundance of them . I wo n't name the site but it sounds very similar to `` Follicle '' . This website has 60 + reviews for the product with an average of 3.5 out of 5 stars . I read every one . People either are very enthusiastic about this product and encourage people to keep using it because it takes time , or they hate it and call it a scam . I was n't sure what to think . Then I noticed that there were 4 duplicate reviews . What I mean by this is there were 4 reviews with identical reviewer names and locations but that each had very different positive reviews . Oops Revivogen , you messed up either by human error or by programming your bot incorrectly . This CLEARLY shows someone is trying to boost the amount of positive reviews Revivogen has on the website by using fake reviews . Who do you think is doing it ? I doubt it 's a customer who loves their product so much they decided to fake a bunch of positive reviews for them .4 . 2 more things - These next to points are more speculation but are worth noting . It has been said -LRB- though I have n't found it -RRB- that Revivogen has made claims on their website that their product is endorsed by the talk show host of the Bald Truth . A quick search on the Bald Truth 's website finds a response to this by the host saying a very long time ago he thought natural topical DHT inhibitors might have some effect but now he does not believe this at all and that he does not endorse their product and that he is surprised they would say so.Secondly I located a website which reviewed Revivogen and addressed the issue of topical absorption not likely working . Now when you go to the article it is a greyed out with a note saying the article has been removed because they received pressure to remove it . Who would pressure them to remove it ? And why ? I think the answer is obvious.In closing I want to address that some of you will say that if the product does n't work then they would have gone out of business . Think about it , with all the men everyday for the first time noticing they are losing hair all they need to do is convince you to buy their product once or a few times . After milking you for several hundred dollars before you give up there is a whole new customer base ready to throw out a few hundred in cash . It 's an endless cycle.I wish all of you the best of loss in your hair loss battle . But I hope this review will help you to move on to more effective/proven solutions rather than waste your money and precious time .
 Okay , like many other men out there I 'm also one who is willing to try anything to prevent hair loss . I 'm 25 and I 've spent thousands of dollars in tring to save my hair line from receding . So , I tried this product and here is what I think about it.IT 'S TOO EXPENSIVE . It 's almost impossible to make one small bottle last a month . $ 90 - $ 100 every three months is quite a hefty price to pay.THE SMELL
 I used to think this product help me , but having stopped using , my hair improved . Received product quickly and in good shape , but not for me anymore .
 I have been using it for like 7/8 months and the least I can say is that it did n't keep it 's promises , at all.The only brillant thing about Revivogen is the marketing campaign.It claims only mild results like slow down shedding , maybe regrowth , if not in 6 months maybe in one year , or not ... So you just go with it , your hair keep falling but you do n't know if it 's a lil ' better or a lil ' worse , so you wait and wait , with your hairline slowly receding wondering how worst would it be without reivogen.It claims no side effects , yet the product smells terrible , it makes your hair looks terrible -LRB- very greasy , like you have been drowning in your sweat for days -RRB- , it facilitates dry , tichy scalp.Plus you got ta wash it away every morning , which is very damagable for hairs and time consuming.It was supposed to stop shedding 6 months after I started using it and it did n't , it did n't regrow anything of course.And when they say `` you give you your money back if your are n't satisfied '' they mean `` we refund you your last order if you manage to ship it to us in time.Tricky point is you can only buy scalp therapy for 3 months and they want to have 90 days later at the latest ! Plus you got ta keep the empty bottles and stuff ... But since they tell you to use it for at least 5/9 months you will still have 2 packs unrefundable.So the garantee works only if you are in the middle of your 3rd/4th pack and you manage to send it back to them on time . Yet they still sucked a few hundred dollars out of you you ll never see again.TL ; DR
 I did use this product as indicated on the box and like every other young man that is losing his hair I am willing to spend any type of money to keep my hair , but his product is definitely not the solution . It just does n't do anything for your hair the only result I obtained was less money in my pocket and a very dry scalp . Do n't waste your money ; you are going to regret it .
 This stuff smells SOOOO bad that I only used it once . Honestly , I can see someone who is single , and lives alone using this , because anyone within 10 feet of you will be able to smell it . I will never use it again .
 buenas noches , necesito hablar con ustedes , yo realice la compra del siguiente perfume y no me llego , la compre junto 3 perfumes mas que usted mismo vende , y me llegaron esos 3 y este no me llego , necesito saber el motivo , y necesito que me devuelva el dinero o que me envi&eacute; el perfume el cual le compre , yo soy de Venezuela , y envi&oacute; las compras con la empresa libertyexpress , y ellos me dicen que a su oficinas de miami solo les llegaron esos 3 perfumes necesito este perfume por favor.good night , need to talk to you , I make the purchase the next perfume and I get the next 3 perfume buy rather than sell yourself , and I got those 3 and it does not get me , I need to know the reason , and I need my money back or send me which perfume you buy , I 'm from Venezuela , and sent the company purchases libertyexpress , and they tell me that his Miami office reached them only those 3 need this perfume perfumes please .
 I have smelled this in the department store and it did n't smell like the one Amazon sent me . I know my fragrances , this is supposed to smell very much like Acqua Di Gio , and it smells nothing like it . I did n't wan na write a bad review but I saw a recent review that says it 's good obviously from somebody who does n't know about the true greatness of this cologne . I felt like I should leave a review because there 's may mislead people . The only good thing about Amazon is that they refunded me . Amazon has the best customer service ever , but if you 're looking for Just Me , I would n't order it here unless you want a stale , expired cologne with very short longevity .
 This is the second bottle I have ordered . Both are stale and lack little fragrence . Would never buy it again . Totally unhappy with this product .
 It took so long to get here over 2 weeks . And it 's not pink it 's black do n't know why they show a pink bottle . Mine when it got here was in a black box and black bottle .
 This perfumes doesnt smells anything ... i am so disappointed with this one . I had thoght its good brand to wear ... :-LRB- :-LRB- :-LRB- . . I would not recommend this to anyone ... I am sorry .
 I 've various used Sally Hansen products with mixed results . However the claims for this product are totally unfounded . This product did not protect my nails in the least . A simple bump results in splts and breaks even when my nails are down to the nubs , as they are now.I have always had great nails - my one vainty . I used to depend on S.H products to keep them that way . Not this one , and as a former user I am no longer going to spend money if the products do n't keep their promises .
 My nails have been really damaged lately due to me constantly applying nail polish on . My nail started pealing and chipping really bad . I thought this would keep my nails healthy as a base coat . It says it strengthens and helps nails stop from peeling . WRONG . My nails still look the same.It 's like a top coat feeling and i feel like it doesnt help my nails grow at all.Nutranail 5 to 7 Day Growth Aloe Formula .45 oz.Use this instead if you want your nails naturally strong instead of having a film over them .
 I had high hopes for this as I 've had good experience with Sally Hansen products and bad times with other nail hardeners . I need nail strengtheners during winter cold months as my nails become very brittle and break down to the ` quick ' . After less than two days it can start to lift and peel off the nail . When it peels off it takes shreds off from the top/surface of the nail . That leaves white marks on the nail where part of the nail surface peeled off with the nail hardener.Once when I was taking my gloves off the whole polish surface peeled off one nail and left white shreds across the entire nail surface , now I have white scrape marks/scars on 7 of my ten fingernails!I followed the instructions and there were lots of good reviews for this product , but not for me.So , I switched to OPI Nail Envy , so far so good after almost two weeks , hopefully the white marks on my nails will grow out quickly.Sally Hansen is a ` miss ' this time , too bad , the Diamond Strength nail polishes are good ...
 After reading the products description , I thought &#34; This is totally my kind of perfume &#34; . I just received it and it smells HORRIBLE . Worse than any of my grandmas perfumes . And NOTHING like what the item description describes . I have bought perfume online many times and never had this kind of experience . I This perfume smells OLD ... like it 's been sitting around for years . I tried to return it , but it will not let me ... saying its hazerdous/flamable . Totally disappointed .
 I bought this after seeing great reviews of it on YouTube . I am sorry , but it does not smell beachy at all . There is no coconut smell or other summer scents . What I do smell is aftershave cologne . It smells just like a man.I do n't want to smell like a guy .
 After seeing this fragrance on clearance I decided to try it out . I really expected something more from J.Lo , not this fragrance . `` Miami Glow '' smells like baby powder - litteraly . Was n't even worth the $ 10 I spent on it ! Save your money !!!
 I 'm a little disappointed with this product . I was expecting a feminine , tropical scent . Everyone described it as summery and fresh , and even soapy so I figured it 'd be clean , tropical scent . To me , it 's none of these . It 's a sweet musky scent and smells almost manly . It reminds me of JLo 's Deseo , which had sweet and tropical top notes but smelled like a man at the end of the day . Ick . Not for me . On top of that , it 's not returnable which is NOT stated when you order it via the mobile version of Amazon . I wo n't be buying perfume again via Amazon !
 I am not sure why people are so enthralled with this perfume . It smells cheap and musky , not at all like fruits or the beach . I was expecting a fabulous smelling perfume and instead I paid $ 30.00 for a perfume that smells like $ 4.00 at Walgreens . YUCK . Do n't buy this unless you have smelled this before and like it both in the air and on your skin . There is not even a hint of fruit in this perfume . I wonder if I was sent an old perfume bottle ? It came brand new in the box but it might be past its prime and that is why it smells horrible .
 I bought this after reading all the positive reviews , but when I got the item , I really dislike the smell and it gives me a head ache . I ca n't even return it even though it was through Amazon Prime , because it is apparently classified as either a hazardous material or use flammable liquid . I am really at a loss as to how to get a refund or what I should do
 Why , oh why are these people still listing this product?When you order , you will wait 11/2 weeks , and then you will receive an email from both Amazon and the Devita saying that this product is no longer made by the manufacturer , and that they are canceling your order.How can I not see this listing as dishonest , or maybe just plain lazy ? Why would they force you to go through the buying process and wait 11/2 weeks before telling you that this product is not and will never be available , when they could just ... remove the listing?Perhaps it 's because the manufacturer ca n't come to terms with the fact that they 're going out of business ... ?
 This product was not what i expect a use it after shampooing it tends to leave a film on the hair . It goes on smoothly , however , as it starts to dry the hair become hard . The smell is also too strong , this is my first purchase of Carol 's daughters product and I expected more .
 This product smells great ... and is a good product , but if you have extremely curly hair -LRB- and I mean Ophrah curly -RRB- the ojon treatment in a jar is far better in terms of giving your hair moisture and a good `` drink '' if it is really coarse and dry like mine is , but that smells like burnt coffee ... still I use them both but have to say I prefer the Ojon products from QVC much more.Everyone 's hair has different needs ... just keep this in mind if you have hair that is as curly as mine .
 I purchased this product and enjoyed the results as far as it making my hair more manageable ... but I have to stop using it , after Iam finished the jar -LRB- cant afford to waste money -RRB- . Iam into healthy natural black hair ... my hair is 4a ... thick and curly ... this product is like giving my natural curls a perm . The PH in this product is 8.0 ... that 's crazy . I dont know what secret ingredients they are putting in the healthy hair butter but its not good for your hair . Please carol . . fix this so that the ph level is between 4-5 .0 , that 's what a healthy product ph level should be at . The hair milk is a little better for the hair . It 's level is at 6.0 . I want to use Carol 's products but I dont want to perm my curls .
 I tried to like this product that I got as part of the Carol 's Daughter transitioning set . I wanted to like it but was n't impressed . I 've been using it one to two times per week with no noticeable results . It does not hydrate , soften , tame or strengthen . It does not even smell all that wonderful . While I did n't notice any detrimental effects , the product should be beneficial somehow ... In sum , carefully consider all of the other better possibilities out there before choosing this expensive useless product .
 Super greasy and did n't absorb into my hair , even though I used a tiny amount . Did n't like it so it was returned .
 I purchased this a while ago and I used it off and on . When I applied it on my scalp , it would be sore and itching like someone beaten my scalp with poison oak . It took me a while to realize that my scalp was reacting to this product . So I tried it on my ends . I think it was too heavy for my ends . I assumed that with my 4a/b/c hair , I can apply heavy butters and oils without much thought . But it turns out not to be the case . So I used a small amount on damp hair and seemed to be a teensy bit better . Unfortunately not only did it leave my hair greasy yet dry and hard , every time my hair came into contact with my neck or scalp , my skin would react negatively . Plus the scent is atrocious . I am not a fan of the patchouli oil or cedarwood -LRB- to a lesser extent -RRB- so I will pass it on to a friend or my mom . But if your hair is dry and responds well to rich butters , I say give it a try .
 Ive been hearing rave reviews about the Carol 's daughter line for years . I decided to purchase this after relocating to the dry areas of California . Well I was disappointed with this product overall but I do understand how it can be a great product for some.I process my hair , so maybe this is why my experience has been a bit different than other reviewers . This stuff is pretty thick , smells awful , and doesnt add any shine to the hair . Oh did I say it smells awful ?! I then zoomed in on the ingredients and noticed it had beeswax in it . Well Im sorry but beeswax is prettty heavy for my liking . I like moisture BUT also MOVEMENT , not a stiff drying looking , smelly hair . Plus I had to reapply this stuff the next day.To give you more insight on my hair and styling preference , I process my hair every 6 to 8 weeks . I wash my hair every 4 to 6 days . I sometimes let me hair air dry and will flat iron it at least once a week .
 I went to my local Sephora store to check out Carol 's Daughter products for the 1st time . Some of the products had an OK smell but this was unbearable . I put a little tip on the back of my hand to get the full affect of the scent & after 3 hand washes the smell still lingers ! It might actually be a good hair product but the smell is a turn off . I 'm glad I had the opportunity to check the products out before purchasing online .
 I am transitioning from a relaxer to natural style and I had heard alot of great things about Carol 's Daughter products . I guess that I should have listened to previous reviewers about the smell of this product . After getting over the smell , I tried it anyway to see if it worked better than it smelled . After one use , my hair actually looked and felt extremely hard and dry . I do n't think that I will be using this product again . it definitely did not live up to the hype . Return to sender .
 I really wanted to like this product and have read other reviews on it . Unfortunately , I was never able to actually use it because as soon as I opened it the smell overpowered me . It smells way too strong and the scent itself is an odd combination of ingredients . To me it smelled kind of like an Asian food market , with all kinds of spices and herbs mixed together . Separately they are good , but together they are too much.We had planned to used this on our infant daughter 's hair , but there was simply no way it would work for her simply because of the scent . I wonder if all Carol 's Daughter products smell the same way ? This was our first purchase . I think next time I will purchase in store to smell prior to buying . Since I bought from Amazon through Macy 's I was unable to return to the Macy 's store and had to ship it back to the tune of a $ 7 fee ... the product itself only cost $ 10.50 . Disappointing .
 I just received this product yesterday , tried it and HATED it . If I had my way , I would n't give it any stars at all . I bought this product thinking that it would do what many customers claimed that it would do . I am an African American and with natural thick , coarse hair and I read that many customers said that this product stops breakage and helps them to retain their growth . Well , this product did not own up to doing what it said that it would do for this problem . Instead , it made my hair break off worst than it EVER did before . There 's no way that someone like me can grow their hair out with a product that is as BAD as this one is . It also smells very strong , not the sweet smelling product that most customers claim it is . As for this product being healthy , there are some natural ingredients in it , but the rest are chemical based products and that 's probably why my hair broke off so bad . Carol 's daughter products are way to expensive to have products that are this bad and full of chemicals in it . I should have listened to some of the customers on other sites that said this product was no good . I thought maybe they could be wrong , they were so right on about this product . I just did n't listen . If you want to grow longer hair , do n't buy this product . All I have to say is , BUYER BE WARE !!!
 I dont quite understand why you get such a big container and then 2 little bags of bleach inside that fills maybe 1/3 of the container . I have the bleach on my hair right now . at first it was burning kinda on the back of my head . but now its just kinda warm . the mixture is different from other bleaches i 've used . this mixture is thicker but still works . when i look in the mirror i can see blond . and it 's only been on for a few minutes . now i 'm going to wait 40 minutes . DEAR GOD it turned out horrible . my roots are super blond but then it turns brassy and i have some dark sploches which i know i covered . it doesnt look blond at all . just orange brass .
 This is the best bleach powder ever but , the shipping says 5.49 but , when you see the total price in the `` place your order '' page , it says $ 12 which is a lie !!! Who does that ? Stop putting prices that are not true .
 The product came up with a top layer of oil and cream damaged . According to the lot number expiration corroborates that was 2005 ! . Amazon made the purchase from another country and when I received the product had already been 15 days from delivery so I lost the time which could make the claim to the seller.Frankly I am appalled that a product sold up.I will not buy at Beauty Encounter .
 I like the product ; I 've used it for years . However , I thought I was ordering 3 items -LRB- my mistake , I guess -RRB- . The item weighed 5.2 oz , cost $ 2.99 , but I was charged $ 11.45 for shipping -LRB- US Postal Service -RRB- . I think that is excessive -- just a sneaky way to double the price !
 For the cost of this product , one would think it would show some result in its use , but I can see absolutely NO change with use . IOwas seeking some enhancement to silver-white hair , but I can not see that this product makes any difference whatsoever .
 I had to postpone my appointment to my hair stylist and my roots were getting pretty noticeable . I have dark brown hair that has gone about half gray . My hair stylist recommended I use this product until I could get in to see her , so I ordered it and gave it a try . It simply did n't work . I applied it to the roots as instructed . But as soon as I brushed my hair , all the color went away . It was either a gooey mess on my roots , or it was gone .
 I bought this product because I needed a quick fix for my hair . I have brown and purple hair -LRB- lots of purple hair -RRB- and I needed it to be brown for one day because of a drill team competition . For competitions , I am not allowed to have any unnatural color of hair.This product was too runny and would not do anything to my hair . My hair stayed purple and nothing changed . I was very disappointed . I heard that the mousse was better so I might try that instead or hair color spray .
 It did n't work for me because it 's too runny . It does n't stay one place enough to do the job . It 's just like colored water . I 've dried temporary rinses that lasts longer . This lasts until the next time you wash your hair and who wants to deal with a messy rinse everytime !!?
 I did not use this product because it was the wrong thing . I thought I had ordered the mousse and not the rinse .
 My hair is very light brown , almost blonde and I bought this product in plush brown hoping for a rich dark hair colour . I applied it all over my head and the result was pointless . No change was made except my hair colour turned mousy and i STRONGLY ADVISE YOU NOT TO BUY THIS PRODUCT . It is so bad and I wish i had not bought it . : -LRB-
 The product smells nice , but if you have sensitive skin ... Do Not Use This Product !!! I had to take 4 showers to stop the burning .
 Like the color ... like the texture / creaminess ... too soft and I used it a coupe of times before the lipstick broke in half !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I love coolwater so I decided to buy 3 bottles for my cousins / boyfriend for Christmas . I ordered the Eau de Toilette spray but instead they sent me the aftershave - what am I supposed to do with this ? I have two days until Christmas and the wrong gift ... not to mention the packages were CRUSHED . I am usually satisfied by Amazon.com but this time they messed up . The page I ordered from does not mention AFTER SHAVE anywhere . I purchased the eau de toilette from this page yet my reciept says aftershave . get it together amazon ... : -LRB-
 I am a long time Cool Water user , more than 8 years . Usually the 125ml / 4.2 oz bottle is around 55 $ . I was looking for a good online deal on this item . I saw the Amazon offer and could not believe it . The shipping was great as usual but that is the only good thing.This must be some new version that is WEAKER . Literally in 1-2 hours the scent was gone . I have owned Cool Water before from Costco/Target/DutyFRee shops and IT STAYED FOR DAYS . Girls could pick it out from meters away and would FLOCK to tell me how awesome it was . I thought maybe it was my nose getting accustomed to the smell but NOPE because I asked my girlfriend which have not seen me all day . SHE WAS SNIFFING MY NOSE FROM 1/2inch away and said could not smell a thing . THIS WAS 2hours after I left home.HONESTLY my turkish imitation for 5 $ BEATS IT !!! I AM SOOOO MAD . AND DONT BUY BECAUSE there is a federal regulation on liquids and I can not return the item . I am very very frustrated about this item .
 Well the smell is nice since I was looking for something light and clean but does not last more than an hour so really not worth it . I will continue to use my obsesssion even though it is heavier I know it will not fade as fast as this does and I still get compliments . Is there an oil based version of cool water ? If so it would last longer and I would be happy with that .
 I think I got a fake davidoff . Both package and bottle are not what the images showed . You can tell just by seeing the package and bottle . Let alone the smell of perfume . No wonder why it 's cheap ! This is how you could expect from buying a cheap stuffs .
 I am sure that its a great product , but the problem is that I ordered the spray for men and we got the spray for women .
 This product would not be suitable for adults and hardly usable for children . The band is too small to pull hair through . Buy something else.Kudos to Peninsula Beauty though . Their customer service person was an absolute pleasure to talk to and they gave me a refund promptly
 The oil in this broke me out and I have suffered hair loss due to it !!! Please do n't use it
 I bought this product from Amazon a week ago with $ 5 discount promotion . However , when the basket arrived , I was very disappointed because the yellow basket was dirty and wet -LRB- inside of the plastic cover !!! -RRB- . It can not be given as a gift to anyone now .
 HelloI have been using this product for YEARS . I even put the natural HENNA on my children 's hair and they had the shiniest hair on the playground.I had strawberry blonde hair as a child and now it is brown and gray sprinkled in . I do not mind the gray at all but , natural red heads never gone all gray , why I do not know why.This is the only product I know of that allows me to be VERY CLOSE to my natural shade and cause no harm to my hair as it is not a chemical . It looks sooooooooo natural.I recommend this product on a scale of 1 to 10 a. ... 12For people who do not need color to cover gray can use the natural . The shine is FABULOUS .
 It just does not work , it does not color the gray hair , it seems to be too dry , it would have to be a little creamier .
 This is a great little product to get you through until you need to color your hair again . I feel like I need color around the 2nd - 3rd week mark.Tween Time gets me to the 5th week & is great in that pinch so gray hair does not show through .
 Well the product work good as it covered my gray . I do n't like that it 's sticky and does n't feel nice but that would ` nt of stop me from buying it . The reason I wo n't put it in , is because it 's smell awfull . I smelled it and was wondering if someone else would . Everytime my 3 year old son came to see me , he told me that something smelled bad and pinch is nose . He always says I smell good ... that whas enough for me to know that I 'd rather have gray roots then smell like that . If anyone foudn a better product leave me a message .
 This is my first review because I do n't want people to waste money on this product . I bought this one and its competitor to compare and the other one works as promise . This one is dry so it does n't glide on the strands like it supposed to and it costs more .
 I 'm not a fan . You have to significantly wet it to get it on your hair so your hair either has to be wet when you do this or else it appears like a greasy strip on dry hair . Also not easy to get the color to coverup my gray-maybe good if you have like only two gray hairs but not a lot of gray roots like myself .
 The touch up stick does not really do a great job . My hair color is dark brown , however the stick gave me a lighter color that was noticeable . Besides , the part of the hair that you paint gets a very dull color . It might work for other people , but I did not like the results that I got .
 A completely unnecessary and strong stench
 This in effect just puts colored wax on your hair making it look greasy ! its a lipstick that is colored . the color is good but the fact that its so greasy to your hair makes it a waste .
 This product does not work well at all . You can barely get the thing to get on your hair . Waste of money . I would not recommend this product .
 it looked like shoe leather paste . i threw it away . not happy with product or color of product . and why am i forced to write so many words ?
 This product falls far from the auburn color . You have to wet the lipstick type product and then apply it . It is not long lasting .
 The product works okay , but it smells so bad that you ca n't use it . It is n't just you that will notice the smell -- other people notice it too .
 Bought this with high expectations , but it proved to be a big disappoitment . It 's basically a dark greasy lipstick you are putting on your hair . After application It looks like you have n't washed your hair for 2 weeks . May be OK if you have one tiny area to touch up -LRB- around ears let 's say -RRB- , but if you have salt and pepper type of hair , it will look really greasy . I would n't recommend it .
 I am allergic to hair dye so I thought this would be the perfect product to cover a few greys . This did n't work at all ! It definitely did not cover anything . It was very dry and nothing really came off of the stick -LRB- color -RRB- . I basically just threw it out and purchased another cover up product . Bad purchase !
 I have tried many touch-ups and scalp cover-ups . I have thinning hair and color my hair so these products are a necessity . I saw this and it is similar looking to a product Michael diCesare had that was a lipstick for your hair . It was a great product but i can no longer find it so i purchased this product because it looks like the other but the Roux was so hard you ca n't even get it on your hair or scalp . It is a hard brown stick that does nothing.Do not waste your money trying this product . It is worthless and useless .
 This stuff is a joke . It 's like a hard peice of charlk . I could n't even get the stuff to go on my hair . Save your money .
 I should have heeded other reviewers ' warnings about the odor . It covers the grey , but I ca n't put up with the smell .
 I purchased this stick -LRB- along with another brand -RRB- at a Sally Beauty Supply . It was fine for a couple of weeks , but then it got so hard that even wetting it did not work . It wo n't get wet . Maybe you have to soak it or something , but I typically do n't have that kind of time . It actually hurt my head when I tried to rub it on and , even then , I could not get it to put color onto my hair . I threw it away and will not get another . I * will * continue to get the other -LRB- which works pretty well , was easy to use , and was consistent use after use -RRB- .
 Tried using it on my hair and the color does not stick on the hair easily . The crayon is dry and though I rubbed it against my hair repeatedly , the color still did n't cover the white hair strands .
 When i purchsed this cologne in here had a high expectation for it , i smell it before in macys and loved it but the price was a bit out of my buget so i decided to give a shout and buy it from here and save 40 % of the price ask macys . Big mistake !!! the scent is definilly weaker and not last more than 1 hour
 Do n't buy this product ! You wo n't be able to return it because it 's considered `` hazardous '' by Amazon , and I do n't think they mean the smell!I bought this perfume as a gift for my daughter , who loves Burberry Brit , but when she opened the box and sprayed some on her wrist , she knew immediately that this is not the same fragrance she has used for years.The product is not returnable to Amazon , so I have now spent over $ 41 for a musky stenchBurberry Brit By Burberry For Women . Eau De Parfum Spray 3.3 Ouncesperfume she wo n't ever use . This is the last time I 'll buy a fragrance from Amazon , that 's for sure !
 Unfortunately I did not read the one-star reviews because I already knew I loved Burberry Brit and I figured why do I need to read about how people do n't like the scent . But if I had read the reviews I would have found out that the perfume is not legit . It may be an old bottle of Burberry , but either way the scent does n't last long at all and it does n't smell right to begin with . And as I have been reading after the fact , returning is not possible , even though it does n't say that anywhere on the ad.So do n't buy this product . Honestly , do n't by perfume online unless it 's directly from Macy 's , Sephora etc. . Just pay the big bucks for it .
 The price is too good to be true for a reason ! The packaging is all wrong , and most importantly the perfume is n't burberry brit either . It 's the perfect scam , too , because the product is not returnable . AMAZON.COM PLEASE BAN THIS VENDOR !
 There are reviews that warn this is a counterfeit product , but I trusted Amazon . This was a true counterfeit of Burberry Brit Eau de Parfum . The inside packaging included the bottle being wrapped with a picture of a girl , which is n't normal . The spout smells like body odor , and the scent does n't seem to last more than a few minutes . BIG MISTAKE that I did n't see the note underneath the picture on Amazon 's page that this ca n't be returned because it 's hazardous material . They have no problem mailing fragrance to customers , but ca n't receive it in return ? Can I sue Amazon for selling a counterfeit product in which they refuse returns ? Time and money lost . Previously , I bought Burberry on eBay and it was counterfeit , but at least the seller issued a refund after I contacted eBay . Expensive perfume is expensive for a reason ! -LSB- UPDATE
 I received a fake Burberry Brit Eau De Parfum -LRB- 3.3 oz -RRB- from Amazon LLC . How do I know it was fake ? I went to a brick and mortar store that sells Burberry Brit , and they showed me all the details that were different between the authentic perfume and the one that I purchased . Not only was the perfume packaging fake , but the bottle was also fake , and the scent was similar to men 's cologne . So be careful , it might be safer to buy the perfume elsewhere , even if it costs more . And when you do receive your order , do n't hesitate to take it into a store to compare it with an authentic one .
 I was so excited ordering my first fragrance online , thought the price was great and had smell this scent many times in stores so I decided to buy it . I got it 2 days later and since I opened it I noticed it was weirdly wrapped , like re-sealed and the front tag was falling apart . The bottle design looks weird and I could confirm my suspicions when I sprayed it and the smell lasted less than 20 minutes . After that , it is completely gone . I tried to send it back but you can not since it is considered `` hazardous material '' . So dissapointed I spent that money , I will never buy fragrances online anymore , maybe it was bad luck . I never had a problem with Amazon with any other products I must say .
 I purchased this product assuming that the title was accurate and that it was in fact eau de parfum . However , upon receipt it was toilette spray -- there is quite a difference between the two . Do n't be deceived by the description , you are not getting the real thing .
 No long lasting ... worthless ... instead of this choose something else ... it 's not recharging tooBurberry I strongly do n't refer to anyone ... I used a degree sport it 's really worthy ...
 Smelled this perfume as a sample in a magazine and liked it . Unfortunately , when I bought it and tried it on -LRB- in addition to the sample from the mag -RRB- , I began to smell like an old woman . Too bad I ca n't return it !
 I ALWAYS buy Burberry Brit , however this is the first time I bought it on Amazon . I was so excited because it was so much cheaper on Amazon than it is anywhere else ... well there 's a reason ... the perfume I received did NOT smell like Burberry Brit at all and I 'm pretty sure it was tampered with because it does n't smell like any perfume I 've ever used . Very disappointed .
 This seller delivered a fake perfume to me , some people may not realize that perfumes are fake but I could tell the minute I opened the packaging . The perfume bottle and the perfume were definitely fraudulant which is very upsetting since this was supposed to be a christmas present . sellers who promote false advertising and believe they will be getting a `` one up '' on their customers deserve not to profit from deceptive business practices . Please do not buy into this scam .
 I thought I was getting a good deal . The fragrance does n't even last an hour !!! Beware . GO ahead and get your perfume from the department stores . THe fine print on this is that you ca n't return it !!!
 not sure what is in the bottle but there is a smell that last 30 minutes only and not the perfume , I have bought before and it is great bought from Macys.Did not keep packaging as was excited and now stuck with it and out 46.03
 I ordedred this perfume Burberry Brit By Burberry For Women . Eau De Parfum Spray 3.3 OuncesBut to my surprize whenever my wife would use this perume its fragrance will just vanish in two hours . This is the worst Burberry perfume I ever got.I think its always better to spend some extra amount on Genuine perfumes at shopping malls rather then buying FAKE/DUPLICATE perfumes from vendors at Amazon.com . Its is total waste of your money .
 I have owned Burberry Brit before and was excited to get it for such a low price on amazon . It got to my house a few days ago . I opened it up-cheap packaging . As soon as i sprayed it i knew it was fake . SO MAD I SPENT $ 40 !!! PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS !
 I have used this perfume before and that was the reason I ordered it . This one is a complete fake , it does not even last for 60 minutes . Will not buy perfumes from Amazon .
 Product is not the one pictured . I received the wrong item when I wanted the one in the picture . Plus no returns .
 I did n't read other 's reviews before I ordered this product and I should have , the stuff I got I do not believe is real it does not smell the same as my other Burberry Brit , I 'm not happy I wasted my money on this ! Amazon should really stop selling fake stuff unless they want to be straight with consumers and tell them they are not getting the real deal ... should have known for the price I guess : -LRB-
 I bought this as a gift for my wife . She has always used this perfume and I thought this would be a nice gift at a little better price than perfumania or other retailers like Macys.But , the bottle to begin with looks fake . Cap doe n't fit nicely as compared to our previous purchases for the same item from other retailers . The price was not much lower , but the product seems to be inferior . Also , the perfume smell would n't last even couple hours which tells me that Amazon receives a different shipment from Manufacturers which is not the same as what Macys or any other retailers would receive for Fragrances.I would never buy perfumes from Amazon in future . Spend a little extra money to get the full worth of your hard earned $ $ .
 I 've had the same problem as everyone else ! Ca n't use this as a base or a top coat , because if it chips underneath my nail polish , my nail polish chips too . If it chips on top , well , you get the idea . I have like three bottles of this horrible product because I thought I kept getting expired polish , but now I see that might now be the case . Avoid wasting money on this and buy a $ 10 bottle of OPI base and top coat . Makes my nails last for over a week ! Worth the extra $ 6 .
 First of all , do n't use this as a base coat . I did it on accident and it feathered my nails.The second time I used this product I used a regular Sally base coat , two coats of Sally polish , and this top coat . I got chips after only a few hours . Also , this top coat made the polish look weird ... like it had dots in it/discoloration ... it 's hard to explain but it seemed like the chemicals in the two Sally products were at war.The third time , I used a Maybelline polish and I did n't get any weird dots or discoloration . This polish makes a nice shiny top coat , but this is supposed to be a NO CHIP polish . Does n't work . I got chips in less than 12 hours . I was careful to really get the edges of my nails , too.I 'd be happy to find something that gave me two days of pretty nails !
 This product does n't work . It leaves nails bumpy and bubbly and chips off within a day or two . I 've had great results with every other Sally Hansen product I 've ever used , but this one is not up to their usual standards of performance .
 This top coat is horrible . In my experience it does n't always apply evenly and chips within a day . I 've even had it start horribly chipping within 2 hours of application . Do n't waste your money on this .
 Chips within hours of putting it on . I used it as a topcoat and within a few hours my nails were cracked and chipped . I used it the next day by itself and it chipped within an hour of putting it on . It dries quick and is really thick and shiny , but it chips like crazy and causes polish to chip worse than it would without a top coat . Do n't waste your money !
 I bought this polish 'cause of the no chip future ... well big mistake , i painted my nails this morning and tonight when i was washing lit ' bit of dishes , most of it came off ... never seen that before and i 've tried many brands ... horrible , horrible , horrible ... they should discontinue this product ...
 This product is terrible . My polish chipped faster than it would have without any topcoat at all . Total waste of money .
 It 's seriously like this top coat never dries . 17 hours after application I can still smudge it around and pick it off like it 's only an hour old . What a waste of money . I 'm throwing away the rest that I have , I 'm not even going to try to use it . Tried it twice and got the same results both times . No good !
 I have never reviewed a product online , but I must let you know ... this product is useless . Manicure cracked and chipped within hours . I ca n't believe it is still on the market .
 Was looking for a new topcoat and decided to give this a try . Worst idea ever . Used it as a base coat and a top coat for my OPI polish . Peeled the entire manicure off in THREE HOURS . Tried it as a top coat on Ulta brand plain white tips . Shattered the polish underneath and chipped off within two days . Absolutely terrible , and after multiple attempted tries , I 'll be throwing it in my nylon drawer to use exclusively to stop runs .
 As my title says , I should have known better than to purchase on a whim . I usually do n't do my nails because of my jobs , but decided to be girly for once and attempt a manicure . I suppose I did pretty good with three days before it chipped , but it cracked all over the nail before doing so - making my polish look like drying mud under the sun.I retried -LRB- thinking it was my ineptitude and lack of experience -RRB- after watching several DIY manicures - I trimmed , buffed , filed , removed all oils from my nail bed - even bought drying drops . And same thing happened . Cracks , then chips and within the same day , or next day . I tossed it in the trash and ordered Essie 's Good to Go top coat . At least that one seems to have a decent rating .
 This product has ruined at least 3 perfect home manicures I did . I bought a top coat so my nails would n't chip within a few days . I certainly got what I paid for , because my polish gets weird visible cracks within HOURS of application , and then simply flakes and peels off in giant strips . I 've never seen the effect that this product had on my polish . If not for the fact that it peeled away 3-4 different brands of polish -LRB- Revlon , Essie , NYC , and sinful -RRB- , I would 've just assumed it was the quality of the polish itself . Luckily I reused an older color that I had used before with success , and was able to determine that this was the problem . Would give it negative stars if possible.Shockingly , does not have the same effect on toes . Not sure why .
 I bought this with the hope that I would n't have to deal with chipping nail polish after doing dishes or even just typing . I enjoy painting my own nails and do n't normally pay to get them done , so I realize that my own manicures may not last as long . However , this is the best example of false advertising -LRB- worse than Maybelline 's Falsies ! -RRB- . My nails chipped the SAME day I used this top coat . I now use OPI base and top coat along with the Drip Dri drops . And they last for at least a week and DO NOT chip . I constantly have my hands in water so I have put these to the test -- > they work . *** LADIES , PLEASE DO N'T WASTER YOUR MONEY . ****
 I do n't usually write reviews , but this product is so bad I felt I needed to warn others . What the other reviewers said about cracking and shattering polish is true . In less than a day , your manicure is ruined because most of the polish has flaked off . I did n't get this off Amazon , I purchased at a local superstore ... too bad I did n't check these reviews first . This top coat is straight GARBAGE !!! Do n't buy !
 I did n't buy the top coat from this buyer but I need to let people know that this is a piece of crap & it 's not even worth one star ! It made my polish chip next day , My sister bought this top coat & her polish chips within 2 days , she had been using it for a month now & had no idea why her polish chipped & my last 2 weeks . So I decided to try it & next day my nails looked horrible it cracked like paper & had air bubbles this top coat needs to be discontinued !
 I have used this product over nail polish and on bare nails . Either way it is awful . My nail polish chipped faster when using this product than with no product at all . I would recommend the NYC brand . It 's much cheaper and seems to help my nail polish stay on .
 I wish there was a tab to post some pictures . This product is a huge waste of money . It leaves your nails cracked , chipped , bubbled , flaked and yellowish tone . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this product trusting the name of course , I have bought Sally Hansen products before with no issues but this has to be the worst top coat I 've ever used . It is tough to apply because of how sticky it is and after it begins to dry there are bubbles forming under the top coat ! It 's horrible after spending time trying to perfectly do my nails . As well as the bubbles , within 24 hours the coat cracks and causes the nail polish to come off with it . It is definitely not a `` no chip '' top coat . DO NOT waste your money and buy this product or you will have to re-do your nails the next day . I am going with the OPI top coat , much more worth it .
 I painted my nails this morning at 10 , by 3pm my nails showed cracks and it 's already starting to chip . Worst top coat I 've ever used !
 I bought this topcoat at the drugstore when I left my other bottle of top coat -LRB- Seche Vite -RRB- at work . I love Sally Hansen products , and I 've used the Dries Instantly top coat with no complaints at all . This one , however , was different . Quick-drying to a hard , shiny finish that began to crackle within 24 hours . Eventually it started to chip and crack right off , taking the polish with it . It also trapped little bubbles in it , no matter how hard I tried to apply it smoothly -LRB- I 'm quite proud of home mani skills ... this was n't all user error -RRB- . The bubbles went all the way down to the nail as the top coat dried , and left my dark polish with tiny flesh-colored bubbles showing through ! It 's one of the very few items I 've ever purchased that I was so disgusted with I marched right back to the store for a refund .
 It made my nail polish chip ! I thought that the polish was crappy because it chipped the same day ! I reapplied color and `` no chip '' and it was worse . I had to take it all off.I 've tried the same polish with Nailtiques 2 Plus , and I held up to TWO WEEKS !!!!
 Lasts 5 minutes if you 're lucky . Cracks almost immediately . It actually takes much longer to apply and dry than it lasts/looks nice . Do n't waste your money .
 i wish i read these reviews before buying it from the drugstore . i mean , who doesnt love a glossy acrylic finish?DO NOT BUY THIS . Sally Hanson must be crazy to even put this on the market . it chips , cracks , peels , everything you wish to avoid . yes it looks nice and glossy , but this products sucks . period.I rarely go for manis and pedis because its such a luxury , and i wanted to preserve whatever i paid for , but now my nails are ruined!very , very angry .
 I bought this product to protect my nail polish from chipping and it did everything but that . One some nails , the polish peeled all the way off , on other nails , there was chipping at the tips and with other nails , there was even chipping along my cuticles . I 'm so disappointed with Sally Hansen 's No Chip Acrylic Top Coat . I do n't recommend this product ; it 's a waste of money .
 When I first applied this top coat , I was really excited because it looked AMAZING - my nails were incredibly shiny and looked indestructible . Unfortunately , the next morning I woke up to find that much of my nail color had already flaked off . That day at work , the flaking got worse and worse , and I had to remove my nail polish that night because it looked so bad . Even worse , it took FOREVER to remove with nail polish remover . Sally Hansen usually makes great products , but this one is a dud .
 I thought it was just me , but no , these reviews are correct . This `` no chip '' top coat makes my nail polish FALL OFF within 12 hours . Horrible horrible horrible . I used it as a base coat first , and had the same result . No matter how you apply it , it simply does n't work . Waste of time !
 This has been a time a money waster ! I 've tried it several times and every time it chips my nail polish within the same day . I wo n't be buying this again .
 The chipping is pretty bad , but worst is that after I did my nails and went to bed and the next day the polish had pulled back from my nail base so my nails look really bad . It is also stringy and chips very fast .
 Sally Hansen No Chip Acrylic Top Coat is definitely the worst Hansen product I 've tried and may be the worst nail product I 've ever used . I am on my third application , shaking the bottle gently and applying -- once on nude clean nails and twice over nail polish . In each instance , the No Chip cracked and flaked in one day . I used polish remover and tried again . I 'm finally doing what I have n't done before ... I 'm taking this stuff back to the store and politely asking for a refund . I think if more ladies do this , instead of feeling ashamed at buying a useless product , we would end up with better products -LRB- money talks , girls -RRB- !
 My polish chiped the same day ! Much faster than if I had used no top coat at all . I even tried just this polish by itself and same thing - chipped and peeled within 12 hours . I tried filing & buffing , made sure I washed my hands to remove oils before polishing - nothing worked . It just chipped and peeled right off . This was a waste of money , only use now is to stop runs in pantyhoes . Do not waste your money . The Diamond Strength nail color works much better , usually lasts 7-10 days with no chipping and does not need a top coat .
 After reading the horrible reviews prior , I really wanted this product to work out for me -LRB- since I already bought it -RRB- . Buuuuttt ... alas , ladies believe all of the 1 star comments because they are true !! lolThis top coat is beautiful upon first application . It dries fairly quickly and it makes your nails really shiny and glossy like polished glass . The creators of this coat apparently wanted it to act like glass too ! The No Chip Acrylic Top Coat SHATTERS just like glass ! I mean it really does ... forming many tiny cracks on your nails . Once the cracks have formed , the peices begin to fall ... And then , ladies , what you have after that is the demise of your beautiful freshly done manicure.I JUST did my nails and after a couple of hours of simple tasks like typing and washing my hands , my polish is starting to look like it 's taking the shape of continents.Congratulations , Sally ... your No Chip Acrylic Top Coat really `` cracks '' me up !
 I guess there is some truth to their advertising . My nail polish does not `` chip '' , instead it peels off as one whole layer ! I bought the Sally Hansen Salon Effect nail strips -LRB- awesome product , by the way -RRB- and took my friends advice to use top coat afterwards to make the strips last longer . Well I made the mistake of using SH No Chip top coat and within 10 minutes the sides of the strips started peeling away from my nails ! On every finger ! I 'm so frustrated that I spent so much time getting my nails looking perfect and then this stupid top coat ruined it with a few minutes . I also used this top coat on my toes which just had plain nail polish on them and while the effect was n't as bad as with the nail strips , I can still see the polish coming away at the edges on most toes . Extremely dissapointing .
 This is one of the worst products I have ever used . Just like everyone says it peels off like crazy . At first I thought it was just my nails , but nope it seems to be a common problem with everyone . It is completely useless to even use this product . It makes me wonder if they even tested this product before launching it . I mean seriously why is this even on the market . It reminds me of the peel off nail polish I would wear as a kid . Im giving it one star although , I am not even sure it deserves that .
 I bought this top coat because it says right on the packaging `` no chip '' . I put it on before bedtime and made sure it dried completely before I went to sleep . After I woke up I folded the laundry and three nails on my non-dominant hand had the polish chipped off halfway down the nail ! 50 % of the nail was uncovered ! From folding soft fluffy towels ! I had to write a review to warn others . A coworker recommended something called Pro FX Complete 3 . It 's a base coat , strengthener , and top coat in one . It 's been working great so far . Also , Revlon Color Stay Top Coat works pretty well too . Would give this Sally Hansen Acrylic Top Coat zero stars if I could . I generally like their products , too .
 Within a few short hours my polish was peeling off my nails in huge chunks . I tried a different brand of polish to see if the problem was the color ... nope ! Same story !!! What a complete waste !!
 I do my own glitter toe nails and have always had them last 3 or 4 weeks . I ran out of clear top coat and figured I 'd give this one a try.Nope , horrible choice.Two days later my nails are completely chipped and most of the polish/glitter is gone ! There were flakes all over my socks.Don ' t buy it . Spend a little bit more money and get something that will last .
 How is it called no chip when it chips and peels off ? Messed up my design n everything smh ugh
 Bought it from the store . When I used it and let it dry about half the day through my nail polish started peeling off . I tried it again with a different nail polish color , and it did the same thing again . Threw it in the trash , this stuff is no good , I wish I looked at the reviews online before I spent my money .
 I practically bought this because my Orly nail polish chips fast , unfortunately after two days my nails were all chipped at the tips , even worse than if I had not applied this top coat . Seriously ?? did they test this product before launching it ??
 What a joke ! wish could get my money back plus some for the aggravation.They should remove the NO Chip from the label
 Do not buy this product ! I purchased this and used it the same day . My nail polish was completely chipped and peeling off in less than 24 hours . I tried it again as just a clear coat and it made my nails look like they were peeling . This is my third attempt at using this product before I throw it away . I just applied it less than an hour ago and I have already chipped the paint by just doing my hair and putting makeup on . Spend your money on another product .
 The previous reviews are correct . When they say no chips , they must have been confused . This not only does n't help reduce chips , it accelerates the process of your manicure chipping and peeling off ! Within minutes my polish was flaking off . Even by itself it cracks and chips , as a base coat , as a top coat , you name it ! I can tell where I tried to repair my nails with only the color polish , because that stays on . The rest just flakes right off . They should market this as a nail polish remover , not a top coat .
 Chipped the same day . I even waited until the next day to apply and it still chipped . Do n't buy it !!!!
 I actually bought this at Walmart and was looking it up curious if everyone else had the same issues I did ... and I was right!I cut , filed , buffed my nails then applied ONLY this product yesterday to them and it looked great at first so i held my hands out as to not touch anything and had to awkwardly use my forearm and whatnot to put my covers on to go to sleep for the day as I work nights ... woke up only about 3 hours later in the same position as I started , with my hands sticking out not touching anything , and every single nail 's polish was shattered and some had even fallen off with just gravity . It was crazy ! I thought `` maybe it 's because I did n't put another polish underneath it '' or the fact that I buffed the nails like they always do at the salon so maybe it left some micro abrasions on my nail that made the polish do that , but after all of these reviews where people did put a polish under ... i think not . It is just a crappy product . I know they make some -LRB- purposefully -RRB- crackle polishes ... . perhaps they got their formulas mixed up !
 The other reviews are dead on !! Do n't buy this stuff unless you like the chipped polish look . It looks sooo good right after you apply then an hour later it 's half gone .
 Ok so I love Sally Hensen Products it 's my go to brand when it comes to my nails but this is the worst product I 've come upon . 2 hours after I did my nails They looked like a broken mirror .
 Awful !!!! I was very excited when I saw this on the shelf I have always used `` Sally Hansen Advanced Hard As Nails with nylon and retinol '' and I thought that a polish with acrylic would last even longer . I was very wrong . The first time I applied it it chipped within hours and so I thought I just did n't put enough on . So this last time I applied this polish before AND after my colored polish and it chipped within minutes of drying . I am so upset that this did n't work like I had hoped but I purchased it at Walmart and I am sure they will take it back . While I am there I will buy the `` Sally Hansen Advanced Hard as Nails with nylon and retinol '' that I have always used . With the second polish my polish would last at least 4 days with minor chips in the corners from MODERATE activity.I will try to post a picture of my poor nail polish that lasted minutes with LIGHT activity.DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT ANYWHERE !!! IT IS A WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY !!! ALSO , THIS POLISH HAD A VERY STRONG SMELL THAT MADE ME SICK TO MY STOMACH , THE OTHER POLISH DOES NOT : -RRB- ONE MORE THING , IT TOOK ME A GOOD 10-15 MINUTES TO REMOVE MY POLISH !!
 I bought this in place of my usual topcoat -LRB- Opi -RRB- hoping to save myself a trip to another store to purchase Opi . I was not impressed with the Mega Shine . It was not nearly as shiny as my regular topcoat . I ca n't say if it would extend your manicure for 10 days , as I did n't even like it enough to leave it on . I went back out to purchase Opi to finish off my nails with a nicer shine .
 HelloI have been using this product for YEARS . I even put the natural HENNA on my children 's hair and they had the shiniest hair on the playground.I had strawberry blonde hair as a child and now it is brown and gray sprinkled in . I do not mind the gray at all but , natural red heads never gone all gray , why I do not know why.This is the only product I know of that allows me to be VERY CLOSE to my natural shade and cause no harm to my hair as it is not a chemical . It looks sooooooooo natural.I recommend this product on a scale of 1 to 10 a. ... 12For people who do not need color to cover gray can use the natural . The shine is FABULOUS .
 When I saw it , I thought that I was buying something Good , Because it seemed like a good price and good condition , but the thing is that when I recieved this product , I realized that it was not original , It 's just a copy . . I regreted a lot about having spent my money in this crappy .
 I owned this cologne before and loved it . I just received this bottle and it seemed a bit suspect . The seller states 100 % authentic , so perhaps it sat in high temps ? Either way , since the scent seemed off I went to the mall to compare on opposite arms and the two did not smell the same.I do n't care for it , but my sis says it still smells good so I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 . I 'm left disappointed with the purchase : -LRB-
 Looks like DKNY be delicious for men but it is completely fake it smells like they put this horrible , old man cheap cologne scent in a be delicious bottle . I just wasted $ 50 .
 I purchased the `` Sorme True Taupe '' brow pencil that is clearly a warm reddish brown , non-waterproof product . The Sorme cap houses a brush . I shop for cool brown tones and also purchased a `` It Cosmetics Brow Power '' pencil that more closely matches my hair color . I will continue to shop for a waterproof brow product that I do n't have to touch up during the day .
 When this product arrived , I glanced at the ingredients and noticed it contains methylparaben and propylparaben . Both are known carcinogens that can be absorbed through the skin . It 's beyond me that these substances have not been banned in consumer products , but they seem to be everywhere , including anitbacterial soaps and many lotions . So , I threw it away and experimented with some alternatives.For a better , cheaper buffing cream , try one of the following homemade recipes . * 1 teaspoon olive oil + 1/2 teaspoon powdered white clay -LRB- kaolin -RRB- Mix together to make smooth paste . Massage into nails and cuticles , then buff as normal . You can find kaolin at health food stores or online . * 1 tsp . toothpaste + 1/2 tsp . lemon juiceMix together . Massage into nails and cuticles . Wipe off excess , then buff as noraml .
 even brighter in person than in pic and once on . maybe at my darkest in the summer i would wear this . almost neon .
 Ask plenty of questions about product and merchandise as these items appear new in picture , but merchandise clearly been used or were tester products .
 Sea Breeze has been my favorite Essie color , and since it such an old color , most stores no longer carry it . So when I discovered it listed with this seller on Amazon , I was pleased . Unfortunately , the polish that I received was nothing like the original Sea Breeze that I have so enjoyed . I 've simply tossed it rather than go to the trouble of returning it . I DO NOT recommend this product as offered by this seller !!!
 If you want a natural nail tint , that looks like color of the real nail bed , this is the shade for you . It is not as pink as the photo ; it 's more cream . Really sheer , just perfect for a french manicure . Not for me though , I like my colors more saturated , even with a Fnch.ManiFollow up April 30 , 2011
 this color is way too light and to get the white-ish color you have to have 3 coats . The seller is the BESTS -LRB- not the first time I order from them -RRB- but THIS particularly nail polish is not great ... I 'll just stay with Opi < 3
 It 's a really nice color if you apply one coat , but we all know with colors like these you have to apply at least 2 , but once you apply the 2nd coat the color changes . Also after a week I removed the nail polish and it stained my nails . Do n't recommend .
 I bought this based on the reviews . VERY unimpressed . I touch up chips twice a day ! I usually use OPI , which will last two weeks with minimal maintenance . This did n't make it 3 days . The colors are pretty , but even Sally Hanson outlasts Essie , and at a third the price . My first bottle will be my last bottle .
 I really have no idea what the fascination is with this brand . I 've tried so many shades hoping that maybe the last was a fluke . But , this brand is awful IMO . It 's difficult to apply , applies streaky , and chips so easily . I much prefer OPI .
 This nail polish is a good one . But I was expecting more of it . First of all , I say it is very expensive so I thought it would be a great quality , I wanted it for french nails . but for my suprise it came to my house with a thick consistency . I do n't know if all essey nail polish are like this , but this was my first essey nail polish and all I can say is that I prefer buying the inexpensive revlon I have always buyed .
 I purchased several tubes of this product after reading great reviews elsewehere but it was not worth the money . I have recently started growing out my natural hair and have been diligent about finding products to ease the `` growing pains '' . This product has as one of its main ingredients , mineral oil . Mineral oil is not good for my hair ! I applied the product after my normal daily co-wash routine but it left a horrible white residue on my hair that took three rinses to finally get out of my hair completely . Ughh ! So now I am stuck with several tubes of product I will never ever ever use again ! Oh well you live and you learn !
 I have three different Annick Goutal fragrances , this did not have that beautiful and different fragrance that Goutal is sofamous for.Won ' t buy my favorite perfume on-line again .
 I ordered this and tried using it . When I mixed it with my developer it just turned into liquid , and smelled nothing like hair product . I still proceeded with the process and it did absolutely nothing ! A couple weeks later I tried it again . And same thing ! So I contacted the sellerNANCYS BEAUTY WAREHOUSE INC. and they told me that it was too late and that maybe I should contact the manufacturer or read my directions . WOW , ! I have been doing my own hair for years , I think I know what I 'm doing or else I would n't be buying a bucket of hair bleach.So I went to Sally 's and bought the same products and guess what ? It works !! It 's amazing . I do n't leave it on too long at one time but even in the little amount of time I have it on it bleaches beautifully . Since I do have dark hair I have to reprocess it , and when I do it comes out amazing ! So I 'm guessingNANCYS BEAUTY WAREHOUSE GAVE ME AN EXPIRED OR FAKE PRODUCT !
 I wore these slippers once -- ONCE ! -- and the memory foam is completely matted down and hard . My Walmart slippers with a year of wear have more cushion than these after 5 minutes . Do not buy .
 THESE SLIPPERS FALL APART FROM THE INSIDE AS WELL AS THE STITCHING ... TERRIBLE , A NEW PAIR LASTED LESS THAN A MONTH.THE SHARPER IMAGE SLIPPER WAS FAR SUPERIOR , BUT YOU CANT GET THEM ANYMORE .
 If you really want to buy these , at least purchase them in one or two sizes smaller as they will not hold your feet in otherwise . At first slipping into them they feel great but as you try to actually wear them around the house -LRB- for me it 's on tile floors -RRB- you 'll experience your feet slipping out and an awful lot of sloshing around inside . If the upper outer was constructed of something more sturdy , they would be much better -- but the memory foam is really not enough cushion to make any claims about . And I 'm not a very big person so they really should have been of more comfort to my frame .
 like my title said that this is a very bad perfume one could call . no wonder it is cheap . you pay what you get indeed .
 I really think that this perfume smells like ammonia after a while . At first it smells like roses , then like cat pee . Yuck . I 've tried it several times to make sure that it was not just a weird fluke , and it really does remind me of cat pee . It is like one of the low notes in the perfume smells like ammonia . I also do n't think it is just that the fragrance does not mix with my body chemistry , because it does the same thing on clothes .
 My husband got me the tea rose perfume and the KISS perfume . the kiss smelled amazing but the tea rose was probably the worst thing i have ever smelled .
 I 'm rarely , if ever , sensitive to perfume , but this perfume is one of those exceptions . I 've tried wearing it on more than one occasion , and every time I 've ended up with a headache . Also , the rose scent is sharp and unnatural .
 I could n't wait for this fragrance to be delivered - it was one of my favorites many years ago and I wore it on a daily basis . Most reviewers raved about this product . Wish I could have felt the same . It does not last , smells synthetic with hard edges instead of like a freshly opened rose . I tried using it is a room spray but again , totally disappointing . Sad but , for me , true .
 The smell is strong and not anything like rose or sandlewood . I am sure the product is a copy of the original . I would n't use it .
 I did buy it severals months ago without testing before . And when I received this , I could n't breathe because of it 's dark strong smell . I had a headache immediately !
 This scent was too strong . I was hoping for a light rose scent , but this smelled heavy and very old lady like .
 after reading all the great reviews i figured i should give this perfume a try . especially since it was so cheap . big mistake . it STINKS !!!!! i normally dont rate things i buy on amazon but i had to this time .
 I bought it because of the good reviews and because I was looking for something natural that smells of roses . Very disapointed . I simply do not like the way it smells . Makes me think of cheap air deodorizer .
 I thought the reviews for this product sounded good and it was inexpensive . I have to say that personally I found the scent to be stale and sort of a chemical smell . It reminded me of something gone bad , rather than fresh roses .
 Remembered this lovely fragrance from my grandmother , who was the best-smelling woman around . My mother told me that she wore the `` original '' Perfumers Workshop Tea Rose.After receiving this product I can only surmise that either this is not the `` original '' , is a different Perfumers Workshop , or they have changed their formula.This smells very artificial , almost plastic-y . When you spray it on your arm , the scent is completely gone in an hour or so -LRB- probably good in this case -RRB- . Fortunately it was not an expensive product , so it was n't a great loss . I miss the lovely fragrance that my grandmother wore , and hope that somewhere out there it still exists .
 It certainly smells like roses but its overpowering and far too strong . Higher quality perfumes tend to be more subtle and this was more like a room spray with spicy undertones . I read some of the other negative reviews and they claim this EDT smells different than the perfume , so perhaps this is why there are so many positive reviews . It does n't smell as bad as other cheap perfumes because the smell of alcohol is faint , but its not a pleasant smell and the lack of the alcohol scent was its only strong point , even the bottle looks cheap . I ended up giving mine away to a thrift store . I have found other perfumes under $ 20 that smell like higher quality perfumes but this was n't one of them . Do n't make the same mistake as me and buy it based on reviews . Smell this before you buy it to make sure you like it .
 The AVEDA products for sell here are either old product or illegally diverted product . Most of the time you will pay more for old product . You can order new product directly from AVEDA or buy at a local AVEDA salon . Save money and make sure you are using product that works .
 This is normally a very good product . However , I NEVER received it when I ordered it at Amazon . I have sent a letter to the seller . I got back an unhelpful reply . I hope it will be resolved . I can not afford to throw my money away .
 I love this product , however , the bottles I received were old and the scent was gone . It did n't foam properly . I did n't save enough on this item to buy it online again .
 This hair accessory should be listed for children or babies as it was so small it was useless for an adult with long hair.In the title or somewhere in the description it should say `` for infants '' or `` for childre N'These are not rubber bands for adults.I did not return them due to the costs and time involved for such a product made it not worthwhile.I was VERY DISAPPOINTED.Please describe this product better .
 this absolutely stunk . it wore off after 3 days . my hair turn back to brown . ANDDDD not to mention it tinted my skin a shade lighter . do nto buy this item it was HORRIBLE i had white patches on my skin
 I love Chloe Narcisse ; however not this version.Chloe has much lighter/softer versions.For my preference , it 's just a bit overwhelming ; quite strong . A VERY small amount goes a LONGway and it 's difficult to wash off if you do n'tcare for something so strong/powerful .
 Not at all happy with this product . The only way the smell stays is if you spray it a bunch on your shirt , etc. . and then only that one spot gives off the scent -LRB- not like cologne/perfume where the scent carriers -RRB- .
 Well the price was good but we got the wrong thing . And the one we got smells like dirty water .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 This fragrance is nice but does not last but a few hours . Also the cologne leaks around the cap when you spray it -LRB- it 's obviously a defective cap and more than likely the reason the perfume was 1/2 the price of dept store -RRB- . I would not repurchase the perfume or use the same store .
 I was hoping that based on the majority of excellent reviews I read , and other Jason products I use and love , that this one would work to eliminate my dandruff and itchy scalp , but it did n't . I used it according to the directions every other day for 10 days and although I had slightly less noticable itching , I still have dandruff . I was careful to gently massage my scalp and leave it on for the sufficient time in the shower . Maybe I did n't give it enough time , however , I noticed that several reviews said that it worked quickly for them . The smell is quite strong but it did not put me off , and I am picky about smell of products I wear . It just smells like tea tree oil to me , not too medicinal . So , unfortunately , I 'm discouraged and was hoping for immediate results and will need to find another ` kind ' natural product that does not test on animals .
 This product did not work for me . The scalp is still there , and the shampoo does not do a job at cleaning my hair . Not worth it .
 I really like the conditioner of this product but was not impressed with the shampoo . I kept feeling like i had to put more on my hair for it to do anything . It never really felt that clean and it almost seemed to make my hair feel like it was in worse shape . The smell is also not very pleasant . Would n't really recommend it .
 This shampoo stinks ... like , it smells bad and it stinks at what it 's supposed to do . The smell is overpowering , and requires more than one wash to remove . As far as dandruff relief goes , it 's really not that great either . I suppose it 's better than not using dandruff shampoo , but I 'd almost rather suffer the flakes than walk around reeking of strange soap and eucalyptus all day . And I love the smell of eucalyptus ... but this stuff just is n't right .
 This product is no better than anything else I 've used and it smells bad to boot ! The price is no bargain either .
 Except for the aloe vera there is nothing natural about this product . I love the smell though , it has a light fresh smell that I find refreshing . However what is so natural about the following ingredients that are found in this product
 This company contacted me by email asking me to remove my bad review because they sent us expiring products , and they would refund my money , , well i havent gotten my money back yet its been about 3 weeks and nothing , Im retired Army and i believe people should stand behind their word , so far they havent , im very disappointed in this company . Ill post or change this if they want to stand by their word but so far this company seems kinda shadey .
 I 've been using this caviar cream for about 2 weeks . About the product , I was hesitant to pay so much for only 1 ounce of cream , but you do n't have to use very much of it . One `` finger dip '' is enough to cover my whole face . It will leave your skin shiny with a slight greasy feeling -LRB- my skin is normal to dry -RRB- , so if you have oily skin this may give you breakouts . It is scented , but I find it to be a light , pleasant scent and not strong or overpowering . And the jar is not glass , maybe they changed the packaging but mine is plastic and not heavy at all.I 'm a dark skinned African-American . I use the cream twice a day , under my makeup in the morning and at night after I 've cleaned my face . I 've always had smooth , bump-free skin so I bought the cream primarily to help even my color and to fade the embarrassing hereditary dark circles around my eyes that I 've had since I was little -LRB- I just turned 30 -RRB- . In the 2 weeks I 've used the cream I 've noticed my skin looks even smoother and is softer , but no lightening just yet and I understand it takes time to see those results , if any . In the meantime , I ordered the Oralight pills to see if that will do anything for my body , especially my rear end and my knees . I will try to keep this review updated as I notice more results with the cream . ** UPDATE ** - 9/23/10 - So I 've been using the cream for a little over a month now , mostly around my eyes to lighten the dark circles , and I can honestly say I have seen changes . The skin is still dark but has lightened about half a shade . I had stopped using the cream twice a day and was only applying it at night before bed , but I will resume the twice a day routine to see if I get results faster . I had also been applying it to my toes to even out their color too , and that is where I 've seen the most difference in lightening . I 'm hoping that by Christmas the skin around my eyes will have lightened enough that I wo n't have to wear makeup anymore . Oh , and I stopped using the cream all over my face b/c it was breaking me out , which I really hate b/c it did give my skin a soft and supple feel and was working really quickly in evening out the color of my cheeks . I 'll try to give another update in a month and hope to be able to give this product at least one more star when I see more lightening . ** UPDATE ** - 12/9/10 - Okay , another update . Still using the cream , morning and night if I do n't forget to apply it in the mornings . I can tell that it is still working , but very slowly . I thought I would be to the point of not having to wear any makeup -LRB- foundation -RRB- now , but the area around my eyes has n't lightened up to my satisfaction and I still have the `` racoon '' look , just a lighter version . I ran out of the oralight pills a while ago and ca n't wait till I get the extra money to buy some more of those because they really worked well for me and I want to continue taking them for my body to even out a bit more , and hope they can assist with the lightening around my eyes . I have about a half jar of the cream left as it really only takes a small amount for me . I will update again when and if I reach my desired goal . I hope these updates are helpful to those considering the cream , as most people only use it for a short period of time before review and others do n't follow up . Hope everyone has a happy holiday season , and good luck to those that are using the cream ! ** UPDATE ** - 1/10/11 - After another month of using this cream on my face , I 've come to the conclusion that it 's just not for me . Yes , it will make your skin smoother and more moisturized , but I did n't purchase it because I needed another moisturizer . I still have plenty of the product left and will use it on other parts of my body where I might need extra moisturization . As I stated further above , I ca n't use it on my whole face b/c it breaks me out . And the breakouts left ugly little black dots on my forehead . I was finally able to buy more Oralight pills and will take them twice daily for the next 45 days . I 'm pretty sure the pills are what caused the lightening that I was getting earlier , and will stick with them if I get the same or better results as before . I will not be purchasing anymore caviar cream .
 I remember when Makari first came out . If I spent too much time in the sun , I would purchase the caviar cream to get my face to match the rest of my body . Results usually showed within a week . Efficient , and produced results . Loved it , and was worth the price tag . * NOW * , ON THE OTHER HAND , I do n't know what they did , but I think they changed the formula . Rapid results , gone . The minimal results do not last . I think my face lifted half a shade or so , but was back to normal halfway through the jar.I would say it is a good moisturizer , when you first put it on , but about a half an hour later , my skin actually feels dry and tight.Very disappointed . This was my go-to beauty product . Search continues .
 I tried it until the jar was empty and my skin has a much smoother appearance , but I did not notice any lighter appearance . I did have a few people to compliment me on my skin , but I think the product is priced way too high for what it claims to do . I have tried another less expensive product for fading black spots and pigmentations on skin and it works much better for only 1/4 of the price of this product . If you want an overpriced moisterizer this product is for you .
 for the Oralight pills which work much better . I am in agreement with avidreader 's long review -LRB- thanks for the input ! -RRB-
 this looks very similar to the product i was looking for nailtiques , but does not perform the same . it made my nails brittle and instead of keeping them strong helped them to break
 I just got Imperiale from Guerlain purchased thru the Amazon website . I have been using this cologne for more than 20 years and love it with passion . When I opened up the shipping box , I found the bottle box had no clear plastic wrapper -LRB- which you would expect for a brand new item -RRB- as if it had been opened up before . I sprayed a little and within a few minutes the scent had gone . Guerlain is the best perfumer and with my long time love affair with its cologne , I know this is not the real thing.I am going to take action for deceipt . I should have known something was fishy at that price
 I have worn Provocative perfume for several years and was sorry that I can no longer find it in the stores . I did order some from Amazon last year with no problem . What I received this year was NOT Provocative . Same bottle , same box , different content . The Provoative I have been using is clear ... This is amber . This fragrance is mild , though not offensive ... but it is not Provocative . Who knows what I really received . I would send it back but it is too much trouble . I am disappointed !
 I purchased this perfume in August 2011 as a birdday gift for a very special person . After I last saw her back in September I have not had any further conversation until today . I asked her how much she liked my gift , and to my surprise she said that the product did no seemed to be legit , the fragrance smell mostly like alcohol , that this perfume was not what she had used in the past . I finished the conversation and felt ashamed and embarased , I did not know that Amazon could sell something like my friend discribed to me .
 Perfume was a cheap imitation of the perfume I have used for 6 years . Even the bottle was different . Company 's return policy for knock off items is for you to give them a blank credit card authorization so that they can charge you $ 250 if their lab does n't agree ! Finally , Amazon did credit my money .
 AVEDA retails this product for $ 26 . The AVEDA products for sell here are either old product or illegally diverted product . Most of the time you will pay more for old product . You can order new product directly from AVEDA or buy at a local AVEDA salon . Save money and make sure you are using product that works .
 The surface was too coarse to use on nails . The little metal chips came off when I used it and it cut my finger . I threw it away out of frustration .
 Diamon Deb Nail Files 8 `` I am very disappointed in the modern Diamon Deb nail files . I love my Diamon Deb nail files that were made in the USA a few years back . They are now made in China , and it shows . I recently got a new one and was surprised at how poor it was . The surfaces were much rougher than my made-in-the-USA Diamon Deb nail files , and there did n't seem to be a finer side to it at all . It seemed to tear my nails more than file them -LRB- I have thin nails -RRB- . I will not get another one . I 'm trying Ruby and other nail files instead .
 Diamon Deb nail files were just about as close as you could get to a perfect product
 I 've been using the Diamon Deb nail files for years when I could find them and I loved them . The quality now is not near what it used to be when they were made in the USA . : -LRB-
 I lost my 1970 's vintage Diamond Deb nail file in the mid 90 's -LRB- at least I thought I had -RRB- and found a new Diamond Deb file at a discount hair care chain store . The first time I used it , my thumb nail took the abrasive off the file ... that 's just wrong ! I took the file back to the store and struggled for a couple of years with emory boards , other brands of files , etc when I unexpectedly found my trusty old Diamond Deb . Here it is 2010 and it 's still going strong - I nearly keep it under lock and key ! In short , do n't buy one of the new ones , because it 's too late .
 The original DiamonDeb files were fantastic . I am still using the one I 've had for 40 years . Sorry to say , I bought two a couple years ago and was again disappointed to find that a great product had cratered . The new ones are rough , coarse , and of no use to me . I threw them away . Too bad , America , another great product has fallen due to manufacture overseas .
 I have oily , acne-prone skin and found this product to sort of leave a film on my face . It did nothing to clear my skin , but it might be good for someone who wants a bit of exfoliation and has sensitive skin . .
 This product is nothing diffrent than what you can find at any retail store . It 's not smooth to rub in , like most specialty exfoliants . I recommend this product for your knees and elbows only .
 I have worn Paris for years , and it is one of my signature scents . Imagine my disappointment when I opened and tested this product and found out it smells nothing like it should , in spite of authentic-looking packaging . I am involved with the Tuccini Corporation right now in return proceedings . I also want a rebate of return shipping costs and will let you know if all goes as it should .
 This nail polish has no odor which is great and it looks very nice and is easy to apply . French Pink looks clear and shiny . I could barely see any pink at all . It did n't last as long as regular nail polish , about three days at best , but oddly it is very hard to remove . I had to scrape off what did n't peel off naturally . I also used nail polish remover three times and can still see some shiny spots . It seemed to dry out my nails a lot . I would n't buy it again .
 In my search to find a healthy nail polish , I purchased this brand and color from my local health food store for $ 9.50 . To say that it is poor polish , is an understatement . It started fading and rubbing off about 2 hours after I had it on . By day 2 , you could barely see it on my nails anymore . It streaked terrible . Overall , very poor quality and I do n't recommend it .
 Long lasting indeed ! I ca n't get it off . I 've tried three types of polish remover and even Goof Off . It 's still there . Will I have to wait until my nails grow out ?
 I hated this polish . I tried it after going to an organic salon in Philadelphia -LRB- the first organic spa in the US ! -RRB- . As the spa suggested , I waited 8 hours to wash my hands or get water on them . The polish came off the next morning in the shower and made a HUGE mess . I 'm staying away from water based polishes unless the brand that the spa uses -LRB- the next time I 'm in Philly -RRB- . Yikes ! I ca n't believe I paid good money for this polish . It 's streaky as well .
 I bought my first Turbie Twists back in 2004 . I got a 2-pack ... kept one towel for myself , gave the other to a friend . My first Turbie Twist was great ... just thick enough without being too thick , and it really stayed put.But then late last year the elastic band that holds the towel in place on the crown of your head started getting really stretched out . It did n't break , it just got to be in really bad shape . My first one had stood up to daily use for a good 3 years , I was pleased , so I decided to go buy a new pack.This time I kept both towels for myself , and it 's a good thing I did . The terry fabric of the first towel began literally , from the very first use , to unravel along the seam that joins the 2 pieces of fabric , and after just 1 week nearly half of the towel had unraveled and it was , needless to say , completely unusable . I am still using the second one , though I 'm not happy with it . The fabric is very thin . You can * see * through it , literally . It is pretty much instantly saturated once it hits wet hair , and it * definitely * does n't stay put like the older one did . It could be my imagination , but I remember my older towel being longer . And as for the elastic band ... after about 1 year 's use , it 's already more stretched out than my original was after 3 . These * used to be * a really great product , but now they 're very , VERY low quality and a waste of money .
 I am very disappointed in the new turbie twists . I bought these for my wife , and the material is not as sturdy as the original , and they are not as long . They can not keep her hair twisted up . Bring the original back please !
 Who wants to buy something that 's does n't even work ? The Turbie Twist is supposed to dry you hair quickly and conveniently . It is made up of a towel like material with an elastic bow at the top to twist the towel into . It comes in various colors such as white and pink . But it is not as lovely as it sounds . First , the Turbie Twist does n't even dry your hair . The material is so thin that it can soak up only some of the water from your hair after taking a shower . Second , you can forget walking around while wearing the Turbie Twist . It slides if you your head when you just staying still . Lastly , the Turbie Twist is extremely uncomfortable . It pulls your hair back so tight that you feel like it 's going to rip your hair off . In conclusion , the Turbie Twist will only cause you pain and inconvience and I strongly recommend you do n't purchase it .
 I always wrap my hair in an extra towel - so I thought this product would be perfect for me . All in all , I was not wowed . It 's a pretty average product . I like that it 's less bulky than a normal towel -LRB- and is much lighter to pack in a suitcase -RRB- . And the pull-through loop does make it more secure ... although the result is a bizarre/goofy-looking head wrap that I wo n't be flaunting . Also , it does NOT fulfill the advertisement . It is definitely not more absorbent than your average towel . It also takes a VERY long time to dry . I wanted to test this so I wet the towel , wrung it out completely , and hung it in my 70 degree apartment -- after 8 hours it was still damp !! Not what I was hoping for . If you 're looking for a towel to wrap your head , I suggest the Eagle Creek travel towel instead -LRB- in sizes from Small to XL -RRB- . It 's made for camping/backpacking/traveling so it 's super-lightweight , very absorbent , and dries like a champ -LRB- besides being the softest travel towel I 've found -RRB- . I prefer the Eagle Creek travel towel to any Turbie Twist . However , the Turbie Twist is still semi-functional so I give it 2 stars .
 Received the product within specified ship date timeline . However , three of six items were ripped . Did not notice until ready to use product.Company needs to better inspect the product.No refund or exchange has been requested yet .
 I have one of the original Turbie Twists , and I love it . It 's absorbent , it fits my head , and it 's long enough to wind around my hair and tuck in the end . The new ones -LRB- and I made the mistake of buying a six-pack -RRB- are nothing like the original , even though they say &#34; original &#34; on the package . The fabric is plush and , I think , not as absorbent , the head part is longer and has to be turned up to fit , and the &#34; tail &#34; is so short it constantly comes undone . Ugh .
 no shipment and no contact from seller -- even after sending two emails . this is a great product and i was pleased to find it at such a great price ... i guess you get what you pay for .
 I ws very excited to get this cream as the reviews were mind-blowing but unluckily its been 3 weeks or so & no effect as i expected : -LRB- i have slightly oily acne prone skin with acne scars i been trying to atleast reduce these scars & although they r not extremely severe still look annoying cos they r reddish & extremely prominent on my Cheek Neways i had dreamt of their elimination as every 1 had reviewed but it didnt work the only reason i gave it 2 stars is tht i got a brand new pimple on my fore-head only 2 days b4 using this cream so when i used it the pimple ws gone with no scar but tht ws the first & last pimple it could fight with else none acne or scar is removed nor lightened & moreover it ws shipped 5 or 7 days late then promised date so i waited patiently if it wud hav worked i wudnt mind its late delivery but now i regreti think its 4 the removal of some specific type of acne & with post acne scars aghhhhh it will never work dont waste your money if u have sensitive kinda oily acne prone skin & if u r trying to erase acne scars which arose more than a month or year ago very saddd :-LRB- i m
 I would not recommend this product , esp . if you have sensitive skin . It did not help my mild acne . The smell was too strong , I guess it is the sulfur . It left my skin red for hours wherever I applied it . I could not put it on during the day .
 The color is pretty , but no where near the color on the box . It is a mahogany/red color . Much deeper and quite red . There is NO gold . I am disappointed with how dark and how red the color is . The grey covered very well -LRB- which is why it gets 2 stars instead of 1 -RRB- . I do n't really like the formulation -- the gel colorant is quite drippy . I also like that it only takes 25 minutes to process . I might try it again if I had confidence about the color choice .
 Tried medium auburn red on my hair twice then medium copper brown . The roots were red and the rest of my hair was light brown . I had been using a salon . My hair is now broken and damaged and nothing helps . I will have to let it just grow out . Will never use over the counter again . Will go gray before that happens .
 Bought this in INTENSE RED COPPER . It was disappointing . My roots are red , and the rest of my hair is blonde and has n't changed color at all .
 After following the instructions to the letter this product turned my wife 's untreated medium brown hair to a very dark auburn color . Thanks Loreal !
 I 've been using several dif . brands of light ash browns for years . . All give basically the same nice , cool -LRB- ash -RRB- toned brown hair over my light brown warm toned hair ... Just used this box , and my scalp is itching like mad , the fumes are SO toxic and strong , and my hair came out a weird coppery color LIGHTER than what it was already -LRB- dark blond/light brown -RRB- . . ?? do NOT trust this color to be what it says !
 I am very displeased with hair outcome after using this product . Brunettes starting out w / medium or light brown , Do NOT use 6A light ash brown unless you are looking for auburn hair . The color does not match color tone on box . I purchased the product in June of 2012 ~ not sure if this is new formula bc in past had different outcome . This new version left my hair with strong orange/red brassy undertones , esp on roots in direct light . My hair was just cut and very healthy . I plan to go to salon asap to ask for color correction treatment or toner bc I hate it . I would not buy this product again ever !
 This came out much redder than advertized . I have naturally dark brown hair and I have n't used hair dye in over 6 years , so I thought that the dye would turn my hair a sortof lighter brown like the box advertised on the side . However , my hair is darker and has a deep red -LRB- almost purple -RRB- hue to it . I dislike it !! Also , this is n't as easy to apply as the video adverts say it is - luckily my roomate was a willing participant . I am giving it two stars due to the misadvertising of the color and the difficulty of application . I should have chosen another color .
 This product did nothing to my hair . It did n't lighten it at all , just made it kinda shinier ... slightly . it also damaged it . My hair , which was smooth and silky before , turned crunchy . Also , the fumes are so strong and I got a little bit of formula on my skin , well it BURNED !
 This dye left my hair red.My natural hair color y dark brown and wanted to cover my couple of greys -LRB- about 20 -RRB- . I never dyed my hair before.I am mortified with the results , I dont even want to go ouside the house . It left my hair red . I hate it , I dont know how to solve it .
 When I started coloring my hair a couple of years ago , I used Garnier Nutrisse , based upon a friend 's reccomendation . I decided to try Loreal 's preference brand b/c of their `` fade resistant '' claim . I have used light ash brown on my hair -LRB- Garnier -RRB- w / good results . So my experience w / Loreal Preference was not great .1 -RRB- when I was applying the color my eyes were watering & stinging , and my scalp was burning .2 -RRB- The color is lighter & more red than the light ash brown I used from Garnier.With Garnier , I have NEVER had a problem w / fumes or my skin burning . I will go back to Garnier next time !
 The worst hair color product I 've ever used !! This did n't cover any of my grey , and I only have a little at my hairline and by my temples . The scent is overwhelming ! So bad , my eyes watered and it took my breath away . I color regularly so I 'm aware there will be an odor but this is unreal . It was also difficult to saturate all my hair . I will pay a little more and go back to John Freida foam , a bit more money but a much better product !
 I was able to do this on my own . I ca n't say it was easy ... cause I stained some of bathroom cabinets.At first , my hair color came out SUPER dark . After a few days , my color starting getting lighter and lighter . Now , I like the color on my hair ... but it was n't the color I originally intended to get from the box.I would purchase this product again but in a lighter shade and have someone else color it for me .
 I am very displeased with hair outcome after using this product . Brunettes starting out w / medium or light brown , Do NOT use 6A light ash brown unless you are looking for auburn hair . The color does not match color tone on box . I purchased the product in June of 2012 ~ not sure if this is new formula bc in past had different outcome . This new version left my hair with strong orange/red brassy undertones , esp on roots in direct light . My hair was just cut and very healthy . I plan to go to salon asap to ask for color correction treatment or toner bc I hate it . I would not buy this product again ever !
 This came out much redder than advertized . I have naturally dark brown hair and I have n't used hair dye in over 6 years , so I thought that the dye would turn my hair a sortof lighter brown like the box advertised on the side . However , my hair is darker and has a deep red -LRB- almost purple -RRB- hue to it . I dislike it !! Also , this is n't as easy to apply as the video adverts say it is - luckily my roomate was a willing participant . I am giving it two stars due to the misadvertising of the color and the difficulty of application . I should have chosen another color .
 The color is pretty , but no where near the color on the box . It is a mahogany/red color . Much deeper and quite red . There is NO gold . I am disappointed with how dark and how red the color is . The grey covered very well -LRB- which is why it gets 2 stars instead of 1 -RRB- . I do n't really like the formulation -- the gel colorant is quite drippy . I also like that it only takes 25 minutes to process . I might try it again if I had confidence about the color choice .
 Tried medium auburn red on my hair twice then medium copper brown . The roots were red and the rest of my hair was light brown . I had been using a salon . My hair is now broken and damaged and nothing helps . I will have to let it just grow out . Will never use over the counter again . Will go gray before that happens .
 Bought this in INTENSE RED COPPER . It was disappointing . My roots are red , and the rest of my hair is blonde and has n't changed color at all .
 After following the instructions to the letter this product turned my wife 's untreated medium brown hair to a very dark auburn color . Thanks Loreal !
 I 've been using several dif . brands of light ash browns for years . . All give basically the same nice , cool -LRB- ash -RRB- toned brown hair over my light brown warm toned hair ... Just used this box , and my scalp is itching like mad , the fumes are SO toxic and strong , and my hair came out a weird coppery color LIGHTER than what it was already -LRB- dark blond/light brown -RRB- . . ?? do NOT trust this color to be what it says !
 The worst hair color product I 've ever used !! This did n't cover any of my grey , and I only have a little at my hairline and by my temples . The scent is overwhelming ! So bad , my eyes watered and it took my breath away . I color regularly so I 'm aware there will be an odor but this is unreal . It was also difficult to saturate all my hair . I will pay a little more and go back to John Freida foam , a bit more money but a much better product !
 I was able to do this on my own . I ca n't say it was easy ... cause I stained some of bathroom cabinets.At first , my hair color came out SUPER dark . After a few days , my color starting getting lighter and lighter . Now , I like the color on my hair ... but it was n't the color I originally intended to get from the box.I would purchase this product again but in a lighter shade and have someone else color it for me .
 This product did nothing to my hair . It did n't lighten it at all , just made it kinda shinier ... slightly . it also damaged it . My hair , which was smooth and silky before , turned crunchy . Also , the fumes are so strong and I got a little bit of formula on my skin , well it BURNED !
 This dye left my hair red.My natural hair color y dark brown and wanted to cover my couple of greys -LRB- about 20 -RRB- . I never dyed my hair before.I am mortified with the results , I dont even want to go ouside the house . It left my hair red . I hate it , I dont know how to solve it .
 When I started coloring my hair a couple of years ago , I used Garnier Nutrisse , based upon a friend 's reccomendation . I decided to try Loreal 's preference brand b/c of their `` fade resistant '' claim . I have used light ash brown on my hair -LRB- Garnier -RRB- w / good results . So my experience w / Loreal Preference was not great .1 -RRB- when I was applying the color my eyes were watering & stinging , and my scalp was burning .2 -RRB- The color is lighter & more red than the light ash brown I used from Garnier.With Garnier , I have NEVER had a problem w / fumes or my skin burning . I will go back to Garnier next time !
 The worst hair color product I 've ever used !! This did n't cover any of my grey , and I only have a little at my hairline and by my temples . The scent is overwhelming ! So bad , my eyes watered and it took my breath away . I color regularly so I 'm aware there will be an odor but this is unreal . It was also difficult to saturate all my hair . I will pay a little more and go back to John Freida foam , a bit more money but a much better product !
 I was able to do this on my own . I ca n't say it was easy ... cause I stained some of bathroom cabinets.At first , my hair color came out SUPER dark . After a few days , my color starting getting lighter and lighter . Now , I like the color on my hair ... but it was n't the color I originally intended to get from the box.I would purchase this product again but in a lighter shade and have someone else color it for me .
 When I started coloring my hair a couple of years ago , I used Garnier Nutrisse , based upon a friend 's reccomendation . I decided to try Loreal 's preference brand b/c of their `` fade resistant '' claim . I have used light ash brown on my hair -LRB- Garnier -RRB- w / good results . So my experience w / Loreal Preference was not great .1 -RRB- when I was applying the color my eyes were watering & stinging , and my scalp was burning .2 -RRB- The color is lighter & more red than the light ash brown I used from Garnier.With Garnier , I have NEVER had a problem w / fumes or my skin burning . I will go back to Garnier next time !
 I am very displeased with hair outcome after using this product . Brunettes starting out w / medium or light brown , Do NOT use 6A light ash brown unless you are looking for auburn hair . The color does not match color tone on box . I purchased the product in June of 2012 ~ not sure if this is new formula bc in past had different outcome . This new version left my hair with strong orange/red brassy undertones , esp on roots in direct light . My hair was just cut and very healthy . I plan to go to salon asap to ask for color correction treatment or toner bc I hate it . I would not buy this product again ever !
 This came out much redder than advertized . I have naturally dark brown hair and I have n't used hair dye in over 6 years , so I thought that the dye would turn my hair a sortof lighter brown like the box advertised on the side . However , my hair is darker and has a deep red -LRB- almost purple -RRB- hue to it . I dislike it !! Also , this is n't as easy to apply as the video adverts say it is - luckily my roomate was a willing participant . I am giving it two stars due to the misadvertising of the color and the difficulty of application . I should have chosen another color .
 After following the instructions to the letter this product turned my wife 's untreated medium brown hair to a very dark auburn color . Thanks Loreal !
 I 've been using several dif . brands of light ash browns for years . . All give basically the same nice , cool -LRB- ash -RRB- toned brown hair over my light brown warm toned hair ... Just used this box , and my scalp is itching like mad , the fumes are SO toxic and strong , and my hair came out a weird coppery color LIGHTER than what it was already -LRB- dark blond/light brown -RRB- . . ?? do NOT trust this color to be what it says !
 This product did nothing to my hair . It did n't lighten it at all , just made it kinda shinier ... slightly . it also damaged it . My hair , which was smooth and silky before , turned crunchy . Also , the fumes are so strong and I got a little bit of formula on my skin , well it BURNED !
 This dye left my hair red.My natural hair color y dark brown and wanted to cover my couple of greys -LRB- about 20 -RRB- . I never dyed my hair before.I am mortified with the results , I dont even want to go ouside the house . It left my hair red . I hate it , I dont know how to solve it .
 The color is pretty , but no where near the color on the box . It is a mahogany/red color . Much deeper and quite red . There is NO gold . I am disappointed with how dark and how red the color is . The grey covered very well -LRB- which is why it gets 2 stars instead of 1 -RRB- . I do n't really like the formulation -- the gel colorant is quite drippy . I also like that it only takes 25 minutes to process . I might try it again if I had confidence about the color choice .
 Tried medium auburn red on my hair twice then medium copper brown . The roots were red and the rest of my hair was light brown . I had been using a salon . My hair is now broken and damaged and nothing helps . I will have to let it just grow out . Will never use over the counter again . Will go gray before that happens .
 Bought this in INTENSE RED COPPER . It was disappointing . My roots are red , and the rest of my hair is blonde and has n't changed color at all .
 It really does work great if you want to brush your hair afterward ... great for chemically treated hair that is a bit more elastic when wet -LRB- it also has proteins that will make hair firmer -RRB- . If you are looking for protein -- you found the product you 're looking for.Other than that , nothing special . . perhaps it prevents more than it corrects . I 've noticed an increase in how `` wirey '' the hair was -LRB- not something desirable in my frizzy hair -RRB- . My sister 's rave about it . . they have noticed increased shine and smoothness ... maybe they have no other product to compare shine and smoothness with , since I 've seen better results elsewhere for my hair.It will make your hair healthier , maybe not so much aesthetically . I use it for brushing my hair and maintaining it 's health.At least this product CHANGES the hair texture . There are many out there like Dove Moisturizing Sprays that have imperceptible changes.The effects of this spray may or may not be desirable -LRB- like mine -- wirey -RRB- . It all depends on your hair texture.I will keep it in my closet for maintaining hair health and split ends though . Oh , did I mention it was great on split ends?Overall , this product is a must have to keep your hair healthy . It will not work as a shine spray , or frizz remover , etc. . .
 I used this product a several times , just a few pumps on the ends , and use a round brush to dry my hair . The brush transferred this product to all my hair and now my hair constantly looks and feels greasy . I have shampooed at least 15 times and twice washed my hair with vinegar to try to get it out and it 's still there . When I touch it , it leaves a sticky greasy feel on my fingers . I am going to have to go to the salon to try to get it out . I hate this product . Die , John Frieda !
 I had used this product about 4 years ago and got significant results . I needed to bring my tummy back in shape and tried about 10 tubes over the last six months but have not experienced any significant change .
 Have not worked , been exercising , dieting and still no change , , , been using twice a day and a couple weeks now still NOTHIN do not purchase
 I do n't need to lose weight , but would like to firm up here and there . Absolutely no luck on that with this product . In addition , it is a sticky kind of gel that does n't feel good to me . I wish it would have been awesome , but that just did n't happen . I do not recommend .
 It was sticky , gooey and did nothing at all but stain my clothes . Like anyone who is desperate to get rid of jelly belly , I tried it . No luck and unless you are willing to run around unclothed for 30 minutes while it dries , it really is a waste of time
 Did nothing for me . I will not buy again . Dont know what the others were reviewing . Did not like it at all .
 I needed to tighten my skin on my belly due to having 5 children . Did n't see any results so it was a waste of my money
 I saw all the great reviews which empowered me to buy this ! But i used it twice a day , did ab exercises , and using the cream , I got no results . I was really disappointed because I wanted to see results like other reviews ... BUT I DIDNT SO . . O WELL .
 Bought this to try to fight flab . Bad news . It does NOT work ! Save yourself the money and spend better in weight loss pills than this !
 item is shown as 6.7 OZ bottle and I received a tiny 1.7 OZ , seller is dishonest , I could have paid less for it if I was n't fooled by the the picture and seller lies !
 I did ' t like this item.Item StinksOil clogs sinkItem Did n't WorkHands did n't get softItem is a waste of money
 The oils used in this are very nice , but the sea salt is very harsh . It was too painful to use on my hands ; I used it on my feet a couple of times . But I ended up just throwing it away .
 Even though I have used the address over 6 times without any problem , this seller did not deliver my product stating that my address was incorrect.I was so excited to receive this product , but now I am really dissapointed !
 I was on the States on vacation and wanted to buy this perfume to give to a friend as a gift . Here in Brazil it is very expensive . I found this nice offer at Amazon.com and ordered it . The fragance is awesome . My disappointment with this purchase is due to the fact that in any moment they advertised it as a refurbished or not new item . When I received the package the perfume 's box was totally opened and the seller sent me a note saying that the perfume was used once -LRB- or something like that -RRB- . I felt cheated and was very angry but could n't send it back and ask for a refund cause I was coming back to my country . I have bought at Amazon.com before and it never happened . Really disappointing .
 I was so excited to see this on Amazon . I went ahead and ordered it -LRB- good thing I did n't order two like I wanted to -RRB- Anyhow first the box is wrong . Original box for Noa came in TWO pieces . -LRB- As recently as 6 months ago , as I bought a few in Toronto -RRB- This box came in one piece . Second as soon as you spray it on you it smells like alcohol . And for any of you who do n't know FAKE perfum typically smells like that . It smells NOTHING like the other THREE bottles I have -LRB- I like to stock up as this perfum is so hard to find -RRB- . I would def return if I could , but because it 's open I ca n't . Please do n't buy it is DEF FAKE ! = - /
 When I received this product and opened it , you could tell that it was not new . I do n't mean used , I mean old . This is a problem with perfume because it loses its scent and goes `` bad . '' That happened with this product . It is quite astringenty and nothing like the original scent . In fact I wore it only once before I just decided I wasted my money .
 I purchased Noa because I ca n't find it in stores . Unfortunately , the fragrance is similar to the original Noa but unusual . Also , it does n't last for longer than 10 minutes . The original Noa would last all day . I do n't know if the bottle that I purchased is just too old , and thus `` gone bad '' , or if it is a poor copy . Needless to say , I am very disappointed and will not buy it again . For $ 53 , I thought I had a bargain . It was definitely a waste of money . -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000C1Z2AU/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title -RRB-
 I LOVE THIS PERFUME !!! WENT TO REORDER ONLINE , ORDERED FROM TUCCINI THROUGH AMAZON.WHAT I RECEIVED WAS WATER IN A CACHEREL BOTTLE.HAVE RETURNED IT , BUT WAITING FOR A RESPONSE FROM THEM.THEY HAVE SEVERAL COMPLAINTS WITH THE BBB IN NEW YORK.I WILL BUY NOW FROM WHERE I CAN ACTUALLY SMELL IT FIRST !
 Unfortunately I ca n't say if this product was effective or not , because we used it only once . The smell is so offensive and strong , something like medicated Gold Bond plus bug repellant times 10 , that I could n't bring myself to use it again . It 's a shame , because I like most of the ingredients and I believe they would be helpful for eczema and general itchy skin , if only I could stop smelling it in every corner of the house .
 I have bought this product from my hairdresser , and this product from Amazon is not the same product , it is a cream and not a wax and I do not like it .
 I do n't recommend anyone purchasing this item on here . Worse thing ever ! I had this product before and it was completely different . It was n't even usable . I believe it was way too old that it became hard and impossible to use . It was way too dry i could n't even rub my finger throught it . I do n't see why they would even consider still selling it but they did . So ultimately I didnt even get to use it because it was n't usable .
 This is not a bad smell , but certainly not a good one either . It smells more like an antiseptic than a cologne . Strangely enough like one part Bay Rum and two parts Chloraseptic and I detected no lime scent at all . It 's neither sweet , clean nor flowery ... its smells sterile like a chemical or some sort of medicine . That is my honest opinion . . some may like it ... my friend said it smells ok on me . I think I smell like a lab technician .
 This conditioner is good in the fact that it does n't have fragrances , parabens , etc. and is gentle for chemically sensitive , but it is very thin and watery for a conditioner . Desert Organics Fragrance Free is much thicker and better , but more expensive per oz . I guess I will be buying the more expensive one from now on .
 This was stated as a ` fragrance-free ' but has undeclared fragrance ! `` Lightly scented '' is printed on the bottle & added as the last ingredient on the list on the bottle ! For those of us with severe , disabling allergies & chemical reactions when exposed to these substances the ADA has now listed this as a disability . Magick Botanicals have some good products , but for those of us who can not natural or chemical/man-made fragrances it is life threatening .
 Only one star because , it is the lowest I can give to be able to write this review . I hardly comment on things I buy on amazon , because for the most part , everything is great , but this ... Go buy this at the store ! THREE WORDS ... IT 'S NOT BLUE . This smells terrible , like just a whole bunch of smells put together , it gave me a headache . I do n't know if it was the smell that I sprayed on me or the realization that I had bought fake perfume through amazon what a rip off . What really let 's you know its fake is the color . I have had this before and IT IS SUPPOSE TO BE BLUE GUYS ! C'mon the maker of this fake stuff should of at least tried to make his/her concoction to appear some what blue , but its not even the slightest hint of blue , it is clear . This is doubly sick because I can not return the item to amazon because it is considered flammable so if you did n't know ... now you do . Buy this at the store , Macys or Nordstrom , etc. .
 I was very upset when I saw the size of it for the price . I had ordered this cologne from another company but the 3.3 oz for less then what I paid with Amazon . My husband only wears this cologne and we can longer find it in stores , so we have to purchase it online . I will be purchasing it from the other company in the future .
 This sounded like just what I wanted . I do n't know if the one I got was counterfeit or spoilt , but it smelled of nothing but stale alcohol . I could n't believe it . I sprayed some on , waited awhile for it to settle , then asked my brother and sister-in-law to smell . The response ? `` I do n't smell anything but alcohol '' . I tried it several times hoping something would emerge , but no such luck . I had to throw it away since you ca n't return perfume on Amazon . : -LRB- You really should test perfumes before buying . The one star is for the lovely bottle and packaging . The contents ? Zero stars .
 looks more gray than blue -LRB- requires 15 words to review this - hi how you doing :-RRB- Three more words . Fine I hope . : -RRB-
 This product was dry no matter how much top coat you put on . There are much better products out there .
 I do n't know if the minature was exposed to air and the fragrance gone bad or if it really stinks `` green '' . It landed in the trash .
 This cologne is for SENIOR Citizen dudes.It smelled old , like a pomade , nothing special except its a good cologne for the OLDIES.that 's all.So NO i dont recommend this to younger generations unless you wan na smell like your pops and would wan na attract senior ladies as well . .
 Thought this cologne was gon na be better , not worth the price for a small bottle , smells very cheap , like something you would pick up at Rite Aid or Cvs , for 10 dollars more I got a small bottle of Dolce & Gabbana which smells amazing , I 'd recommend about 20 different scents before Realm . .
 As the heading said , I bought this cologne bcuz of the great reviews it got from so many different ppl . I dont like it ! And i dont get any response frm women . The sent is weak and waaaay to musky . All these good comments is a gimmick to sell ppl this crap cologne . I doh use it anymore . I now use I am King from Diddy , its great !
 My son was pleased with his cologne . I felt the price was too high for the amount , especially when I saw other fragrances offered in much larger amounts for less money .
 I 'm disappointed with this product . No where on the bottle did the name of Paul Sebastian show up and I have bought the real thing before and his name is there on the bottle . I broke out into a rash where I put this perfume . Very unhappy
 I have no problem with the way these cut . I found that , unlike the way most clippers are designed , these have a small metal pin that holds the lever in place . This pin does not stay in very well . I have only used them a few times and found the pin had slipped almost completely out . Even when I pushed it back in it slid in with no effort so I know it will not stay together very long .
 I do n't like these at all ! They are nice and sharp , but the part of the handle that you press down on in order to actually clip gets caught on the rest of the handle if it is n't lined up absolutely perfectly . The problem is that when you 're trying to deal with tiny wiggly little fingers , it 's hard to keep this part from swiveling slightly off center . You try to clip , and it gets stuck yet again . They 're a pain to use . The handle needs to have a much wider channel for the top part to fit in .
 These clippers came pre-packaged with other baby safety items . They are very tiny , which I know is because babies have small fingernails , but because they are so small , I have to cut each nail twice ; once on each side . If you have ever cut a baby 's nails before , you know how hard it is to line up the clippers just once , not to mention twice . They also do n't really cut completely through the nail . They will weaken it , but then you have to pull the nail off with your fingers to get it completely off . Because of this , there are a lot of jagged edges left that can scratch up my baby 's face .
 My problem with these clippers is that the jaws do n't open widely enough for me to get the nail in place quickly enough . By the time you get them lined up , any movement of the nail to be cut leaves you clipping air . I never was able to make even one cut so they are now in a drawer .
 It does it 's job . However , it 's very sharp and I cut my baby 's finger twice . The problem is it 's very small and hard to see my baby 's finger nail . It always make me very nervious everytime I use it .
 These clippers work fine , the only problem for me is that they leave the nail edge a bit jagged and very , very sharp . I do n't have this problem with other clippers I 've used , just these . My baby winds up scratching herself and me . I think the First Years clippers w / magnifying glass is a lot better for smoothing the nail while clipping it .
 We have had a very disappointing experience with this product . It just does not perform well . The blades appear to be dull even when brand-new , and there is very little leverage produced on the clipping lever to make the necessary clips , even pushed all the way down against the plastic shell . In fact , these clippers clip so poorly that they are actually dangerous to use on a baby.Perhaps what we have experienced is limited to the unit that we have received . Either way , we are very disappointed in what we have purchased .
 I hate using this product to cut my infants nails the blade , it is too sharp !! Also i feel like its too big to really get in there . II like the whit first years nail clipper much better
 I have used Halston for over 30 years . I love it and it has always been my signature scent . I ordered 3 bottles about 2 weeks ago because it is so hard to find . When I opened all the packages and tested the perfume , there was no ` Halston ' scent . It has been on a shelf for along time . I am returning and will not order from them again . This was my second order , I ordered 1 the first time and it was OK . Thought I would give it another try and I was wrong . Wal-Mart now carries it as does Macy 's . Go there for your purchase . It 's a few dollars more but well worth it !!
 OKAY ... I know that there are so many ways to get tricked into just about anything and this one is no exception.I was curious and I decided to purchase this product . Okay . . $ 40 is not cheap for the small bottle it comes in , but it 's suppose to last you months because you are only suppose to use a drop or two ... so I did that and here are my result.I receive my order , remove the cap and all of a sudden this awful smell goes directly in my nose and I got to tell you ... YUCK !!! One of the worses smells of my life.OKAY , I 'm really anxious to test it ... so right before going to college I put a little of my finger and rubbed it on my sweater . All day long NOTHING unsual . So I decided to do a two drop the next day.On the two drop day nothing as well . WOW ... I was really wondering this product is got to be a scam . OK ... I continue along the day and I saw a friend of mine and she hugged me because we had not seen each other for over two weeks ... her first comment was . . '' ... what 's that smell '' `` smell awful '' . . OK I though maybe she was smelling something else . So , I ignored her comment.Day three -LRB- two drops , same as day before -RRB- ... going to school while sitting in history class this girl -LRB- a friend -RRB- next to me says '' -LRB- my name -RRB- what 's that smell '' ... what smell I replied.I know I was not using a lot . The directions are as followed . Take your finger and put it on the tip of the bottle and just turn it upside down and that should leave some solution and that would be suitable enough for one application . So when I talk about doing two drops ... I 'm talking about two applications.Anyway , if you want to try it go ahead ... but I would not recommended to anyone . It is a waste of money ... If you want to attract a girl ... be confindent and dont be shy .
 I could bath in this product and not see any results , positive or negative . Science is true , this product is fake . Amazon forces me to give it a star
 This product did n't work for me at all ... I was very disappointed !!! I wasted my money on this product ! BIG TIME
 This is working or not . i cant differentiate . I 'm in the sales industry and my sales are still the same . cant recommend to a friend .
 I should note that Pherone helped me in dealing with FedEX so my package could get to me when I had a problem . Good customer service there ... Is this stuff real or is it just an opportunity to walk around and live out a very strong placebo effect ??? Who knows ??? I can say that I must have `` OD ` ed '' . I only put on one or two drops max . I did this two days in a row . The `` Alpha Male '' effect is instant . . but in a bad way ... I am a straight male but I had more than one guy act pissed off at me for no reason . Women acted confused , annoyed and pissed off all at the same time . They really did not know what to think.I ca n't say that the experience was fun at all . I was able to gather this from both interactions at work and at a few bars afterwards . I ordered Pherone 's V-5 formula to tone the effects of this stuff down . D-17X is pure Androsterone.I dont have any evidence that this stuff will make you a chick magnet . I can promise you that it will make people act weird and nervous around you even if you say nothing . When I add the V-5 I hope my results improve or I will quit using pheromone 's altogether .
 this is the worst scent i ever tried in my life . it remains for few seconds and disapears.it even has no smell , can you imagin ??????? its really waste of money and time and not the item i was looking for.its absolutely just water and little alch . nothing elsei am really regreting bought it specially through Amazon !!!!!!!! i am really disappointed .
 I LOVED the smell of this scrub . I loved the texture , the color - I was pretty happy with it . However , about 15 - 20 hours after using it I was rank . I did n't understand why . I was never that stinky before - even hours after an intense workout . I could n't figure it out at first , and definitely did n't expect it to be my new bodywash . I got through nearly the entire bottle -LRB- and purchased another -RRB- before noticing the correlation.It did n't happen every day , but I also did n't use the bodywash every day . Once I picked up on it , I decided to experiment ; using it only on certain days to see if I 'd get that signature stink . Once I was pretty certain it was the scrub , I gave it up . I told my roommates they could use it if they wanted as I probably was n't going to finish it . I did not tell them about my experience , only that I had bought 2 bottles but was switching to another scent . I threw my bottle away and they started with a new one , purchased at a different time than the first one.A couple weeks later , one of my roommates commented to me that he thought the new bodywash was making him stink by the end of the day . He asked if I had experienced the same thing . The other roommate eventually discovered this as well . So , it was n't just me , and the Snake Peel was retired .
 i 'm a woman , but really like the axe men 's body sprays.thot i 'd try this axe snake peel scrub , and maybe my man would like it , too.it stunk -- did n't smell sexy like their sprays , few scrubbing nubs -- not enough to accomplish anything , had to work hard to get the nubs off me , and then to get them out of the shower.the best scrubs there are are : * Trader Joe 's , Purify Scrub . Many different fragrances . And it was less than ten dollars for 18 oz . Top quality . Find a friend who lives near a TJ and have them ship you one of each scent . I got the Tangerine , as the Lavendar was too strongly scented . They do n't sell it on the internet . * One Minute Manicure . The classic , original best scrub there is . However , it 's very expensive , little bottles for $ 12 , bigger bottles for $ 25 . This one REALLY leaves your feet slippery , so be careful in the shower , and even for the next person , too .
 This product is made from toxic chemicals which are absorbed by the skin and are linked to neurotoxicity , immunotoxicity , and bioaccumulation . -LSB- ... -RSB- Consider some type of natural hemp soap .
 This stuff left my skin so dry and if you do n't rinse off really well the beads stick and dry out in your body hair . I have since switched to Axe shock body wash and it does wonders for me .
 I like other Rusk products , so gave this hairspray a try . While it does what a hairspray needs to do , its fragrance is so strong that it followed me around all day . It lingered even after I washed my hair . For those of us who want to be relatively fragrance-free , this is unacceptable -LRB- we have a no-fragrance policy at work , so I could n't use this on workdays even if I wanted to -RRB- . Sorry , but this one ends up in the landfill .
 This is either counterfeit merchandise -LRB- in legitimate jars -RRB- or so old that the cream has separated beyond reconstitution . The consistency is nothing like the product we have used for 25 years .
 I read really great reviews on this product and after trying it for a few weeks now I just do n't feel I got the results others were talking about . I 'm a guy with curly hair and want my hair to look and feel soft and natural looking . I just do n't feel like it was a very moisturizing shampoo . I was using Moroccan Oil shampoo and conditioner for over a year as well as the Moroccan oil curl cream ... . I 'm going back to using my Moroccan Oil .
 I am not sure what happened to this product ... perhaps it was altered , damaged or simply faked . I have purchased this fragrance when it shows up at discount stores and always found it to be perfect . The Amazon product was horrible smelling and even the color seemed very strange , as if the fragrance oils had seperated from other ingredients in the bottle .
 I wo n't buy perfume again online . I am not certain that this was the real thing but for some reason the fragrance was not the same as the original purchased at a department store .
 Not for me !! This Eau De Parfun smells so good on other people but not on me . So this is thumbs down !!
 I despise this stuff , it stinks to the point where it is embarassing to wear it in public . Hideous strong gardenia , I never dreamed a so - called designer fragrance in this era could be this bad . I had a very embarassing experience attempting to wear this on vacation to an event and just had to leave and scrub . I could n't subject other people to it . Cheap for a reason , zero value .
 I have purchased a few pheromone products in the past and have had excellent results . This product failed on many levels.The first thing that I noticed was this bottle is only 10ml ... which is tiny ! That is 0.33 oz . Too small for a $ 40 price tag.The scent was very bad ... even one small drop was impossible to wear without stinking up the whole room . Just thinking of this stuff makes me nauseous.My favorite pheromones are PherX and Realm . Chikara is ok too .
 Im have being using this product for at least 3 weeks , and i do n't see the effects , so i simply stop using it.If you wan na try it , its on your own
 My girlfriend used to have the same perfume and she loves it . But she did n't like the one I ordered here . It does n't last long , the smell of perfume dissapeared in an hour . Seems like a poor quality item .
 If you go to buy this perfume at any other store it is a light purple color as it is in the picture . The bottle I got was clear with mold on top of it . I returned it and recieved a new bottle in the same condition . You have to go to Nordy 's to buy the real deal .
 I have ordered this same perfume from Amazon , and I made sure the seller was Amazon , because I thought I would be getting the real product . I am so dissapointed . The perfume I got is like water , it does not even have any scent . Be careful about purchasing this item . I should have paid attention to all the other reviewers . If you can get ahold of the real thing though , this is a loverly perfume .
 I ordered this perfume vnadezhde that get a good quality product , but instead I got a fake . The real perfumes smell slightly different and , most importantly , stay almost all day ! the same weathered within an hour ! not spirits , but just water -LRB- -LRB- I was disappointed because I trust Amazon . What is most terrible . I ordered one as a gift -LRB- 100ml -RRB- and the second for himself -LRB- 50 ml -RRB-
 It is not a real E'clat D'arpege By Lavin . -LRB- But nice made copy of the bottle -RRB- .
 I received this order , along with two other fragrances . When I first sprayed myself with the perfume it was lovely . However , the next time I sprayed it on it had a very strange odor and was terrible . I have had to throw it out because the smell of it is quite bad . It completely changed and I should have returned this item and received a refund . What can I do about this ? > ? I will never order fragrance from Amazon again . Out of the three fragrances I ordered only ONE of them was good . Never , never again .
 I guess I must have gotten a bad bottle . I can not smell it at all , as well as my Husband , Daughter & Son ? As much as I LOVE perfumes ... I am VERY disappointed , and now reading reviews that this is also an imitation that I purchsed and CAN NOT get a refund or exchange.I will be more careful about buying perfume via Amazon next time .
 Will never buy from this company ever again ! This is OBVIOUSLY a counterfeit perfume . A total waste of my time and money . I would not give this any stars , but it would n't let me .
 i have been using Cassini perfume since the early 90s ' when it first came out . i 'm VERY aware of the strength of the fragrance , the bottle it comes in , and most importantly HOW LONG IT LASTS ON MY PERSON!when i received the Cassini from amazon.com , of course it was in the cassini box , with the cassini wrapping paper , BUT it did not have the words `` CASSINI '' on the bottle ! i still had my bottle from my last on-line order from another company , and pulled it out to compare . Guess WHAT ??? the bottle from them had the name on the bottle ... hint number 1 ! the main issue i noticed was when i first took the perfume out of the box , i smelled the top where the perfume comes out -LRB- BEFORE i sprayed it -RRB- , and it did NOT have the same strong smell ... i then sprayed it on myself , and noticed the smell did n't last ... NOR did i receive any compliments on the scent like i ALWAYS do.i gave it another chance on a different day , same thing ... smell did n't last . that did it ! i was returning it . bad thing was ... when i went on the amazon.com website to do the return , amazon said returns were within 30 days ... they did n't say `` NOT on perfume '' though !!! there was NO box to check on my multiple item list , nor a phone number for amazon to call and ask HOW to return the perfume.i then started snooping around on the website , and low and behold ... what did i find out ??? CASSINI is NOT CASSINI , but is from a company called TASSINI !!! i was livid !!! then i saw i could email questions to amazon , which i promptly did.they ok 'd my return , and yes , the customer service rep did indicate they saw TASSINI ... to which i was credited back my amount i paid . i responded back and asked WHY they did n't mention in their advertisement that it is a cassini KNOCK-OFF ... i got no response ... never again ... i will always use other companies to order my perfume . the return was done , however , i feel i had to earn my money back though ...
 Very good product , excellent aroma , but after my order was received and paid for they came back and said it was not available , very frustrating .
 This perfume is rancid . The date on the Unwrapped box says 1990 . I do n't know if it 's actually that old , but it has definitely gone bad . I 'm familiar with the perfume and I know what it should smell like and it 's absolutely not this . Am going to attempt to return it .
 actually it is a waste of money , It is the same bottle , same shape , but not the same quality as the original cassiniI think the company stops the original products so please avoid buy these perfumes , Because it is not the same like the old days
 Yes the frangrance is long-lasting but It smells very sweet , very similar to Joop , personally this is not my type of cologne .
 I would like to just say that I never received this item and I am not happy b/c I was expeting this item before Christmas for a gift . According to the delivery date I was suppose to receive this item on the 23 of December but never did . Now here we are in 2012 and still have not received my purchased item ... I am very disappointed with this seller . As a result I will not be purchasing anything from this seller in the future . I hope I will be reimbursed all my money back b/c it 's not fair that I was charged for something that I never got , I would like to find out how I can go about to get in contact with this seller ? So please be very careful !!
 I was afraid to buy this one , but i gave a try , because it was good review on the webside.should always follow myself.it is just a cheap one , smells gross , not even want to use it for my bathroom.i like amazon , but felt really bad this time , i do n't believe the origenal price was $ 62 , you get what you paid for .
 Did not like this product at all . The exfoliating cream leaves a residue that YOU CAN NOT get off . I even used the toner afterwards and that ca n't get it off . I have never seen this before . This is expensive and I expected a lot better . The diamond dust is annoying on your skin as well . Not my cup of tea ...
 I am extremely unhappy with this company . I ordered a colorscience refill -LRB- see product picture -RRB- and received a much , much smaller size
 As a natural redhead , sunscreen should be part of my daily routine ; but I ca n't stand the sticky , goopy feeling of sunscreens . I thought a powdered sunscreen could be the miracle breakthrough ! I was sadly disappointed . I used it on my neck - other than rubbing off on my clothes , I think it worked okay . When I went river rafting , I dusted the Colorscience sunscreen powder over my all day sunblock , hoping for better protection ; after a few splashed drops of water , the Colorscience dripped down and I looked like my face was melting . Eventually it melted into my eyes and stung horribly ! After a few uses , the brush does n't retract anymore and I end up getting the powder all over the bathroom . So , Colorscience is not a sunblock panacea ; it is expensive , washes off and is messy to use .
 Guys , it is inevitable . You are going bald . Products like Rogaine and Nioxin are not going to help a receding hair line . Embrace it , the sooner the better . Sellers will log on and give their own product 5 stars to get you to buy it . I have been using it for 3 months , and my hair continues to fall out . 10 - 15 solid hairs will fall out during the shampoo , more during the conditioner . I quit recently . It feels like its tingling and working on your head , but the results are dreadful . Its like Grandpa 's Simpson Alixir . Complete nonsense . Save your money .
 Since Procter & Gamble moved production to Mexico , the product does n't seem to be nearly as good as it used to be . The Scalp Therapy used to really tingle on my scalp and now it does n't do anything other than just sit there . Apparently , they closed down the U.S. manufacturing plant and started producing Nioxin in Mexico . It appears to me they may have also changed the formula . Either way , I do n't perceive the same thickening effect it used to have . This is unfortunate because I used to really love this product line .
 It got 2 stars because it does smell nice . I 've been using for almost 6 months now and honestly ... I see no difference in my hair at all . Maybe it 's like medicine . What works for one may not work for another . So , if you 've never used it before , give it a try . Maybe it will work for you .
 I 've been using this set for about a month and I 'm starting to get worried that it is really not working . I noticed that after about 8 hours , my scalp will start to itch quite a bit again and I think my hair is falling out a lot more than it was when I was using a previous product . Before this I was using Regenepure which was working pretty well but is a lot more expensive . I saw this was ranked high and you get huge bottles for pretty cheap so decided to try it , but I think I might have to go back to Regenepure . My wife also tried using this set and did n't notice a difference . They might be healthy for your scalp but I do n't really recommend them to someone that is trying to stop hair loss .
 I will NOT spend $ 45 bucks to buy this product again.Nioxin used to be great ! It used to work ! But , now , apparently since P&G ; bought them out , it just is n't the same.Starting the process of looking for a decent product to match what Nioxin used to be .
 THE PRODUCT WAS PRETTY CHEAP FOR THIS KIND OF PRODUCT , BUT ALSO WAS OLD AND HAD LOST NEARLY ALL FOR HIS FRAGANCE . NOT RECOMMENDED FOR FURTHER RESALE
 My father has been wearing pour un homme for years and was very excited when I told him Amazon carried this product . While the cologne arrived authentically packaged , it 's scent was extremely weak compared to what it normally smells like . I suspect this bottle was a little on the old side and that is why it 's potency was questionnable .
 pretty disappointed with the results from this lotion but i did not use it in it 's 2 step formula with karma . the lotion was runny and watery which made it hard to apply and turned me orange at first . there are way better lotions out there !
 I can not believe my taste would be so different from the rest of the world . This perfume is very sweet , not too long lasting and overall it 's just a blah perfume . Nothing special . Not too bad but definitely not my taste .
 i bought this perfume based on these amazing reviews thinking it would smell amazing . I HATE the way it smells .
 After I used this product I found that it worked fairly good . I read in the ingredients that it has pumice aggregate , which is ground pumice . Your skin is delicate , ground pumice should n't be used on your face . It has made my skin burn a bit and feel quite sensitive . I would n't recommend this product . Although my skin feels smooth , it seems to have damaged my skin . I gave it two stars only because it does what it claims .
 I took a chance -LRB- it 's pricey -RRB- and purchased this item . `` What the heck , '' I thought . I used it -LRB- a single ` squirt ' -RRB- once a day in the morning . This was instead of the recommendation of twice a day . I like the stuff . My skin felt lubricated and smooth without feeling greasy . In fact , I 'd give it five stars except that now it 's three weeks since I purchased this product and ` poof ! ' it 's gone ! I figure that it comes to about 30 cents a squirt . In my mind the ` goodness ' of this product is n't worth the exorbitant price . Hence , two stars .
 I recently purchased the Nivea for Men Revitalizing Lotion Q10 , which is my first purchase of `` face care '' lotion . I purchased it because my face is sometimes dry and a little lifeless and I wanted to help care for it , now that I 'm in my mid 20s . My skin is very light , plus I burn easily in the sun . It 's important for me to care for my face , since I 've been burned before and that 's a real pain.I 'll evaluate the product according to the following criteria
 When I received this product , the plastic covering the perfume cardboard box was broken . Besides , the cardboard box had many parts that seemed to be cut off -LRB- as when you try to take off the price or the serial number -RRB- . I am not sure why . The other point is that the smell goes really quick , I have seen some comments posting the same . I am really concerned , because this characteristics are found in fake perfumes . And the seller was AMAZON , not any small online seller .
 THE PERFUME I ORDRED FROM THIS SELLER CAME NOT ONLY `` UNBOXED '' AS STATED IN THE LISTING , BUT ALSOWITH NO CAP AND IT IS MARKED `` TESTER '' ... WHO WOULD WANT TO BUY AN UNCAPPED TESTER ? NOT ME , I AM RETURNING IT , BUT I 'M STILL OUT FOR POSTAGEEACH WAY . A RIP OFF . I LAST PURCHASED THIS PERFUME FROM OVERSTOCK , SAME PRICE AND IT WAS IN A SEALED BOX , BRAND NEW ... MY FAULT FOR NOT DOING THE SAME AGAIN.BUYER BEWARE .
 This was originally titled as a different product when I made the purchase . The company shipped the wrong item . Luckily they refunded the product and the shipping , but I still have to pay for shipping to return the product they shipped in error . You would think that they would have told me that the item was no longer available instead of shipping something else . It was such a hastle.I should have read more of their reviews . If I had seen how many negative experiences other shoppers had I would have never made my own purchase .
 As much as I love Flower by Kenzo I was extremely disappointed with this purchase . I searched for a 1.7 bottle of Flower and this product came up but did not have any specs with it . I took it to mean I would be buying a 1.7 bottle . Instead , when my shipment arrived it was a 3.4 bottle . I feel as if the seller misled the prospective purchasers and I will not buy from this seller again .
 it does n't stay on . I found that I had to reapply it after only about an hour.For my money , Maybelline 's Mousse foundation is the best .
 This makeup leaves my face looking oily and greasy looking after 1 hr , it dosent blend well at all , and I just got it because it was cheaper but will go back to my old fav !!
 I purchased this because I was looking for a topcoat that would dry quickly and not cause my polish to chip as easily . This top coat certainly dried fast , but it peeled terribly ! When using this I could peel the entire nail of polish off in one strip .
 After a couple of weeks of using this product , I began to get a headache each time I put it on . I saw no change in my hair during the time I used it . I returned it , and am waiting for a refund .
 This edu spray was very disappointing . The initial fragrance was nice and light but it faded away very quickly . I think it lasted about 2 hours , which tells me that it is watered down.The shipment was very quick though . This was the first time I have ordered perfume on line and I will not do it again . I believe it 's better to buy fragrances at a store .
 I rarely return things but this product went straight back to Sephora . It did n't make my hair softer , smoother or add shine . It just dampened it .
 but I was not impressed with this spray in/leave in treatment at all . I damaged my hair a few months back and have been trying all sorts of leave in products to help make it more managable and healthy looking . This product did not live up to expectations and was not comparable to other less expensive choices . I do like the shampoo , conditioner and restorative treatment hair mask in this particular line of F Fekkai hair products . They smell awful but they work . After using the shampoo , conditioner , and treatment mask I noticed a big improvement in my hair . However , this spray did not live up to the rest of the line . It was very ineffective at detangling my damp hair and making comb out easier and less likely to break off my damaged locks . There was no noticeable improvement in my hair after using it . And it smells awful . I had much better luck using some old standards such as Infusium and even an Herbal Essence leave in , both of which made comb out gentle and easy and offered superior conditioning .
 I purchased this toner with the Alpha Lipoic Acid Cleanser . The cleanser is great , with a nice clean scent . The toner , on the other hand , goes on with a mildly unpleasant smell . However , as it dries , it downright stinks ! It 's a cross between musty and stinky socks . I e-mailed Dr. Perricone 's company to ask if I purchased a bad batch . Their response , was simply - we use natural ingredients without artificial scents or colors . No mention about the bad smell . Find another toner !
 I purchased this for my girlfriend , it was embarrassing when we found out that evaporates in 5 minutes . Not sure if something happen in mail since the pack had signs of leakage . It was absolute waste of money for me .
 Why you could operate this quality of service ? I am sure this is the last time I bought stuffs from yours
 i have boughten this product online before and have never had any problems but this particular bottle did not smell at all like chanel chance , very disappointed
 My sister in law had some Halo shampoo , and I loved it . I found it at this site and bought the large quantity . It was n't the same at all , and it smelled terrible by comparison . I think somebody did a cheap substitution for the real thing .
 This lotion gives you a deep dark tan but it also left my skin very blotchy . I am a regular tanner and I have never had this problem before . I normally am a big fan of California Tanning lotions , but this stuff is very harsh .
 I think I read the same article as the person who wrote the previous review did . I purchased a couple of jars since they were cheap . The seller shipped them so VERY fast , they got here 4 days before the delivery estimate . I have been using it for a week now . I read is almost like a miracle , and that the first application was the most drammatical . Well ... it has n't done anything for me yet . I do n't have that much acne , just a couple of scars left . They still are there . I keep using it to try to see if , over time , they will eventually fade , and I purchased the product , so I got ta do something with it . I still stick to my Palmer 's Cocoa Butter Formula . I like it better . It works faster . In the meantime , I 'll keep on using them and wait a little more to see IF scars fade . This product could use a dispenser . It 's a little difficult to apply from the jar it comes . Some of the jars were a little open when they got here , there was not too much lost , but everything was greasy .
 My hair type , very fine . Was damaged after using this product . It might work for others .
 I bought this product in hopes that it would make my nails appear very shiny . I have not noticed any difference in the level of shine between this and any other top coats I own -LRB- such as Butter London PD Quick and Essie Good to Go -RRB- . I actually wore different top coats on different fingers at the same time so that I could compare . The CND Super Shiny did not make the nails any shinier than any of the other top coats . Given the price and the fact that it is a CND product , I was expecting a lot more .
 I thought based on the name , `` Super Shiney '' I would have gotten a wet sexy finish to my nails . Sadly it was not the case it was dull and nothing special . It 's unfortunate because the stickey base coat works well . I thought the combination of the two would make for an attractive mani . I was wrong .
 I bought this in hopes that I could paint my nails clear and have them look wet and shiney . Well this little product left them pretty dull and this chips pretty easily . Let me explain . When you paint your nail with this , it dries very thin , so thin that it chips very easily . So please , dont wast your money with this . There are better clear polishes , i would recommend Essie 's clear nail polish .
 it took layers off of my nails . it did not extend the length of my polish at all . very disappointed .
 I saw a lot of reviews saying this base coat was amazing and helped with chipping a ton . I have an office job and type a lot and fidget with my fingers a lot . I am prone to chipping and I do n't think this base coat really made a difference . In addition , it was leaking in the package when I got it so a substantial amount of the bottle was a hot sticky mess in the package .
 To be honest I did n't recieve the stickey product . I recieved solar oil instead of the stickey product . I thought it would be more trouble and hassle to try and return it , so I am stuck with the oil . I did try the oil but I am not to crazy about it . Pam T.
 It smelled like it had been sitting around for a long time , definitely not how I remember it should smell . I will throw this one away .
 My face became dry after the first two time I try it . The last time I I wash with it , I woke with my skin broke out .
 Do n't use towel afterward and avoid contact with clothes when using this product . This product has sort of bleaching effect -LRB- ruins the colors -RRB- . It ruined a very expensive towel ! Regarding the actual effect of the product on acne I am not sure . We have been using it only for a week . My wife thinks its helping her . I do n't think it is helping me in any way . Both of us have occasional break outs .
 I ran out of Panoxyl and the drugstore had this stuff . I saw the 10 % benzoyl peroxide and thought it would do the same as Panoxyl . It did n't . My acne was so bad , it looked like I did n't use anything . I thought at first I was having an especially bad break-out , but after a week or two , it would n't improve . I ordered Panoxyl , and withing 24 hours there was a BIG difference . I honestly think the 10 % label is a lie . I have always had great sucess with benzoyl peroxide , most people think I do n't have an acne problem . Using this had the same result as washing my face with plain soap . It sucked .
 I used this product for a month and saw little to no results from it . I bought it mainly to use on my back , as my bacne tends to flare up in the winter and I needed an easy benzoyl peroxide product to apply to it daily , as I have had success with it on my face but the cream bleaches the backs of my shirts if I apply it to my back . This product just simply did n't work .
 On December I bought lipsticks from World Shoppers . I ordered # 16 Apricot Fantasy which is a very light pink/apricot color . I received a VERY DARK color -LRB- Chrome -RRB- . After I gave the company a bad review through Amazon , I received an email from World Shoppers telling me to contact them to resolve the situation . I emailed them as instructed and never received an answer back from them . I will NEVER use this company again !
 Smells nothing like the Calming Night soap nor lotion . I would have thought it was a totally different product . It smelled like a generic wash .
 I was shedding more than usual from stress and decided to try this product . It made my hair feel and look great , but it also caused my hair to knot and then the knots/clumps would fall out . I thought it was part of my hair loss until I was traveling and did not bring this product with me . Sure enough , when I did n't use it , no knots and clumps . To be totally sure , when I got home I tried it one last time and it happened again . It must be because it is glue like . If you are having this problem while using this product , try stopping and see what happens .
 I am a 27yo male with diffuse thinning , particularly bad at the crown . This product is like a normal gel , does does not add volume but it does allow your hair to stand up on end , again like any other gel product . if your hoping this will add body and volume to cover those thin spots do n't waste your time . Its a shame as I use toppik hair fibres on a daily basis and I swear by them . I find mixing a bit oil free moisturiser and volumeising conditioner and using it as a gel works far better then any fattening product I have used .
 This product did not work at all . I have used other products that were cheaper that gave my hair some body and actually minimized the thinning hair . This gave me no body and did not work adequately .
 I already have thick hair but am always looking for more volume . I was impressed by some of the reviews on here an decided to give it a try . I have n't really noticed any difference in my hair . I still continue to use it because it says with continued use your hair can get up to 70 % thicker but I do n't know . Maybe it only works for people with thinner hair to begin with . It 's too expensive for me to buy with no results . I do love the smell and it certainly has n't damaged my hair and has good ingrediants so I 'm going to keep using until I run out . Maybe after I do n't use it anymore I 'll be able to tell a difference , but as for right now I 'm sad to say I 'm not thrilled .
 Im a woman with thin hair and I was looking for something to make my hair looks fatter . I read all the reviews here and I thought I was doing a great choice , but unfortunately it didnt work for me -LRB- and I also noticed my hair a bit &#34; gooey &#34; -RRB- . Ive tried Paul Mitchell 's Leave In for Hair Thickening and I think it gives a good effect -LRB- not an amazing one , but good one - Im still looking for better results -RRB- .
 El producto me pareci&oacute; horrible . Trate de usarlo varias veces . Definitivamente malo . Hay otros productos en el mercado que cumplen mucho mejor esta funci&oacute;n sin arruinar el efecto final .
 I was so hopeful about this product . I tried it both on dry and wet hair , and either way , it just made my hair feel greasy . By the end of the day I looked like I had n't washed my hair all week . I used varying amounts , pea to nickel-sized . Did n't matter . I give it 2 stars because it did make hair feel fuller -LRB- which is weird , since greasy hair is usually flat -RRB- . I have very fine hair , and an oily scalp that needs to be washed daily . This just did n't work for my chemistry .
 This stuff is just ok . It smells nice . It gets hard when it dries , kind of like hair gel , if you use too much . I 'm not sure it really makes the Toppik fibers stick better , or if it makes it so you do n't have to use as much . If it does , I ca n't really tell a difference from when I do n't use it . I purchased this stuff a year and a half ago , and I still have it .
 As a woman with thinning hair it 's vital that I find a good product to make it look thicker . I do n't know how other buyers on here can rate it so highly when it makes your hair look and feel like you have n't washed it in a week . With such a greasy look too , it makes your hair look thinner than ever . One of the worst hair products I 've ever bought -LRB- second only to one that made my hair break off -RRB- .
 This would only work if you have minimal hair thinning problems . -LRB- like no scalp shows to begin with -RRB- . No better than `` Cowboy magic '' hair shiner -LRB- thin consistency reflects how its NOT going to work -RRB- . If you have more severe thinning problems , use this : Samy Fat Hair Creme Thickening 3.5 ozAfter you shower & towel dry your hair , use some spray on detangler ie
 I found this product made my hair sticky . Very little thickening . I did n't like this at all . I know you are only supposed to use a tiny amount but still did not like the feel of it in my hair .
 this product is like a gel it really does n't do much for my hair i read some good reviews of it however it might not be for everybody so I am giving this a no I would not purchase again however the shipping was on point
 No scent ... Hmm . My girl can tell when I wear it . She says , did you wear my Pharemone spray ? It does n't work . . Well , the cats seem to like it . .
 Unscented one did n't work out for me . I thought it would be better since i can use it with my favorite cologne , but it 's a bad news bears . Just buy the scented one . I bought this to seduce my professor so she can give me a better grade just for the lulz , but no it does n't work.Let 's talk about the scent itself . Even though it 's unscented it smells a little plastic with oil . If that 's what pheromone smells like then i have no clue . There was n't any label on the bottle what so ever so it may/may not be a legitimate `` Scent of Eros '' . I may be wrong , but i did n't get any response from any ladies so far . So like i 've said BUY THE SCENTED `` SCENT OF EROS '' . NOTE
 I ordered this for my Mom -LRB- she loves Safari and I ca n't find it in stores anymore -RRB- . When it arrived , it was a tiny amount of perfume in a much larger bottle -LRB- I know , it 's perfume and more concentrated , but the size of the bottle seemed misleading -RRB- . I literally struggled for half-an-hour to remove the stopper from the bottle . My mom is in her 80 's , and I knew she would not be able to handle it . When I called the vendor -LRB- Beauty Encounter -RRB- they were very rude , denied there was a problem and said if I wanted to return it I would have to pay for it . -LRB- Plus I had to pay for the LD phone call ... apparently they have an 800 # but do n't print it on the packing slip -RRB- . I ended up ordering the Safari eau de parfum spray from -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- much better experience -RRB- , and keeping the perfume with the stopper myself . A $ 66 mistake !
 Beware ! It looks like it has nothing to do with the real Versace product . I took my product to a local shopping mall and compared the scents ... I do n't know how this is possible , but I am deeply disppointed !
 I ordered this product , shipping was great but the cologne is a `` knockoff `` I owned this product a while back so I ordered a sample to see if I still like it and this sample bottle does n't have a hole in the top cap . I know this is a sample but other samples I have seen at department stores have the same cap and bottle as the bigger size . Any ways this product did not cost much so was not a big deal
 Pay close attention to the size of the stuff . 0.17 is way too small to spend any money on this product . On top of that it does n't smell very good . My advice to you is to bypass this product and go with something with more size and better fragrance .
 I was excited to order this cologne . I have used it for about 10 years . Retail outlets have stopped carrying this product , so I figured I would check it out on Amazon . The picture and description match the bottle I have always purchased . What arrived at my house is `` Versace The Dreamer , '' but it is not what is pictured , and it definitely smells different and much weaker . If you like the real `` The Dreamer '' do n't get this , because its something totally different and you will be deeply disappointed . I 'd rather pay full price and get the real thing .
 Smells wonderful , however it leaves residue that takes away from this product . Would not purchase again because of the huge residue this product leaves behind in tub
 Yes the soap smells nice , but to call itself natural ... I do n't think so . The ingredient list is all but natural . And petroleum ... yes it coats the skin and gives the allusion of moisturizing , but it 's not . I wo n't be buying this soap again .
 Hate it ! opened it and threw it away . This smells like a very strong baby powder ! Made me sneeze immediately upon opening it . I am very sensitive to certain smells . this bothered my nose as I said upon opening it . I bought it thinking I was buying a mild , natural product . How in the world they made oatmeal and almond smell like baby powder is just not right ! Almond is supposed to smells like cherries . Oatmeal should have no smell at all ! I have made my own oatmeal and almond soap and it was very mild smelled faintly like cherries . Waste of my money !
 I think the reason I have always liked Yardley English Lavender Soap was the wonderful fragrance . I ca n't believe I paid so much for this soap and it must be very old or fake . It does n't even physically resemble the real thing . Save your money .
 I have bought this soap online before and was happy . However , the soap I received with this order was not packed in the box shown online and it does not have as much lavender scent . So I am disappointed , even though the descriptive words on the box are the same .
 I bought this product thinking that it would do the things for you that it described in it 's ad but I have to say this product for the money did n't do squat , no woman ever commented about the scent nor was there any attraction to the scent , and mind you I do have a great personality as I have been told and I 'm a bit above average in looks , and nothing came from this product , period .
 If you are looking for a product that will make women fall to your feet with zero effort once applied on your part -LRB- ref
 Girlfriend said I smell like a grandpa ! I never told her what it was , was just experimenting . Experiment epic failure .
 Loved this product but after a few weeks my skin became very dry . Not recommended for a sensitive skin . It also has a strong fragrance .
 it did n't lift or gave body to my hair , it just made the roots more moist and oily greasy , and i do have a lot of fine flat hair . i thought i could activate the spray buy blow drying , it just made it more greasier then before . i would n't purchase this again . oh do n't get me wrong , i love the smell .
 The other poster is right , i have washed my hair like 4 times with shampoo and it is still waxy . I have used bedhead products , american crew , sebastian and l'oreal in the past and have never encountered this issue where i can not just wash out the stuff . i have been searching the web about this issue and have found a couple other forums where users mentioned this . I am going to follow the advice I read somewhere to use dishwashing Palmolive/Dove detergent to see if I can get it off . Ridiculous ... . but true story .
 I bought this for my son and hate it . It left his hair looking and feeling super greasy and did n't hold at all .
 Slow delivery because they use the post office parcel post to send it to you . When you get it there is no box , just the bottle , ours looked like it had been used . And check price , I think I overpaid for a tester . So why am I keeping it ? It 's a very good perfume , both my wife and I like it . We recommend it , I bought Pleasures intense from a different dealer , whom we gave 5 stars because they were fast , brand new in box , and it 's very hard to tell the difference in scent . You could buy either one as long as its Eau De Parfum . Get the better price deal . And read the ad very closely .
 COLOGNE WAS NOT IN A BOX - HAD A YELLOW TINT TO IT INSTEAD OF BEING CLEAR . THIS COLOGNE USUALLY COMES WRAPPED IN CELLOPHANE AND IN A PINK BOX .
 I heard great things about this stuff so I went to the local drugstore to get some . I wanted unscented but they did n't have it so I got this instead . The oil itself is nice ; I used it in combination with a body cream for these very dry winter months . However , the smell is truly awful and it consistently gave me headaches . Not only that , but the smell permeates through all layers of clothing and lingers until you wash them . I just could not get past the headache-inducing smell so I had to throw it out . I 'm going to stick with one-ingredient , edible and non-stinky oils , like coconut or almond .
 Literally . I like many other Neutrogena products but the scent in this stuff burned my eyes and gave me a splitting headache . I 'm sending it back !!!!
 I have very dry skin and tried this after all the great reviews . I am sad to report that this is not as emollient or humectant as my skin needs to find comfort . The oil feels nice and it spreads well . It takes a while for it to absorb even though it is lightweight , but that did n't bother me . I thought an oil would be extremely moisturizing , but my skin did n't feel or look very hydrated at all . In fact , it felt equally as dry -LRB- as if I had applied a dry oil -RRB- with a bit of a sheen . With a cream or lotion , the skin smoothes and plumps up with moisture . I tried this bc I was looking for something like that but even more effective , but this does n't work . I may try this under a thicker lotion or cream to see if it adds anything as un under-layer . On it 's own , it is not effective.UPDATE ON PREVIOUS REVIEW
 Not an effective moisturizer -LRB- for me , anyway -RRB- . It feels and smells perfectly nice . After use , my skin feels even drier and itchier than it did before I used it ; it also seems to create a barrier on my skin
 This oil smells awful - smells like old lady perfume mixed commercial-grade air freshener . And unfortunately , the smell is strong and lasts all day too . It 's too bad , since it is actually very moisturizing and gave my skin a nice sheen . But the smell is just horrible . I wo n't be purchasing this again .
 This oil feels ok . My problem is the obnoxious smell of this oil . It smells like Indian/Rasta/Hippie ???? incense . I always cross the street whenever I see people selling these awful smelling scented things . Now I am stuck with two pints of this oil and I do n't know what to do with it . Ca n't believe my stupidity in buying so much . I so much wanted to like this oil , how I wish it was unscented .
 This product contains paraben which Dr Mercola is against , and it also contains BHT which Dr Perricone says is carcinogenic and is just added to fats and oils to preserve them . Ca n't American corporations just give us what is healthy and stop poisoning us ?
 The product arrived in a box wtih no packing material . The black cap was broken and the safety seal was ripped . The product had leaked all over the inside of the box . Seriously ?!
 My husband uses this . At first I thought the smell was nice . Now ... it is nauseating , everywhere , and gives me a headache . I just ordered him the unscented . I hope it is better . Beware if you are sensitive to odors !
 I have very dry skin . This seemed to be doing wonders for my legs/arms . But after three days , I broke out in the worse rash I 've ever had . The itching drove me crazy & this lasted a week . I suggest you try it first on a small area . And , not just ` one time ' , but for a few days . -LRB- Takes a while if you 're allergic -RRB- . Other wise , I 'm sure it 's a great product for those who can tolerate the ingredients .
 This product is hands down , the most effective I have ever found at ruining sheets . Because I liked the texture of the oil I used it for a treatment ... once . My new sheets were hideously stained after one use . This product has a fantastic ability to wick through cotton , permanently bind to the fibers , and turn yellow-brown . I 've never used another oil like it and I 've been in practice nearly 20 years.Ha ! You say . You 're not a massage therapist . Why should you care ? Because if it can do that to my sheets , it can do that to your shirts , your pants , and your bed-linen if you oil yourself up and go to bed without putting a rubber mat down first . Do n't say I did n't warn you.Also , the smell is ... inexplicable . Why , Neutrogena . Why ?
 Feel of the oil is fine , but I really ca n't believe I 'm the only one to notice that this smells like patchouli oil . Reminds me of an aging hippie.I wo n't buy again since I do n't like smelling like a head shop .
 I was looking for a brush with firm bristles but for me , this one is TOO firm
 I have &#34; stubborn &#34; grays and it did n't cover them as the product described . My hair is about 70 % gray and brown .
 I only bought this item because it was suggested on a blog as an alternative to hair color without chemicals . I used it and nothing happened . So yea , I was disappointed - oh well .
 I wish to say that the perfume in the `` new '' Pantene products is HORRIBLE !!! Iloved your two-in-one shampoo-conditioner -- can not use this new stuff -- it STINKS !!! Literally .
 I could not agree more with the two previous posts . I am sick of scouring every discount store in town to find the old products . The amino acids that supposedly differentiate the new from the old resulted in no change to my hair - just that I smelled like a fruitcake .
 I agree with the previous post . The new formula has a horrible aroma and is no good . The previous formula was great , I do n't know why they changed it .
 The product I received was not the origianl Freeze and Shine product that I have used in the past . I do n't know if the product line has changed or if a different product was placed in the bottle I received OTHER than the orginal product . All I know is it was not the original Paul Mitchell Freeze and Shine Spray . It had a distinct Awaphui fragrance , which is not common with Freeze and Shine . Just sayin ...
 I feel I was ripped off ! I have been using Paul Mitchell Freeze & Shine Super Spray for years and this is the first time I have had a bottle smell like this order did ----- it stinks . The scent is nothing like what I have used before . Also , the hold is not as strong and it does n't leave your hair shiny . I need rock solid evidence this is the real stuff before I will believe another product was n't poured into a Paul Mitchell bottle . I will definitely NOT order from this company again !!
 This sponge basically fell apart after using it once . It would be ok for using on the face , but not sturdy enough to use as a sponge for the body .
 I 'm just glad to buy the good stuff at a good price.thank you so much happy new yearbye ~ : -RRB-
 This Natural Sea Grass Sponge is not appropriate as a bath sponge , it is too hard . I should have purchased the Sea Wool Sponge . The vendor should make this distinction clear to the buyer before purchase is made!John Latka
 I used this sponge 8 days and it totally fell apart into shreds . I was replacing a sponge I had purchased in Greece 4 years ago , used everyday , and only replaced it because it wearing out from the usage and cleaning . This was a waste of money . DO N'T BUY !
 This Sponge is terrible ! It 's not round like the picture , it 's more of a rectangle . It seems like it was cut from the middle of a growth , as the top and bottom of the sponge is flat . The shape could be overlooked , but I 've had it for a month and it 's already falling apart . The sponge split down the middle along what seems like a natural split in how the sponge grew , but it seemed to be glued together . There is sticky material in between the two split parts . The sponge would actually be a lot smaller if the two sides were n't glued together . Such a disappointment !
 It is not just a one piece . They sticked sponges together to make a bigger one ! And after it soaks up some water it started to break even in my 3rd use !! Do Not Buy this product !! It is the worst sponge I have ever used !
 Update
 The nail touch tool is OK but does n't have enough power to really do the job . I would purchase a more powerful tool instead .
 there are directions to clean the sea sponge . the item description did not explain that preparation is required . it is misleading , I would have rather bought something that is ready to use .
 I have been through many natural sponges over the years . This particular sponge was a great disappointment . It is quite small , and far too soft . Not sure how to best describe it but it is really not very `` spongy '' when wet . It sort of squishes down to a little wet lump when you wet it in warm water and try to use it .
 The initial 5-6 inch sponge was very unsatisfactory so I gave a review stating this . The seller came back with an offer to send me 2 sponges if I would remove the negative feedback . So I said ok , and removed it . In return I was send 2 sponges which are about 3 '' each . Ick . This seller is awful . BUYER BEWARE !!!! They are not worth it .
 The sponge themselves seem great . Soft , big and appear to be able to stay together . I have only used them once or twice , so far so good . HOWEVER , I am so disappointed in the cost in shipping . I obviously did not pay close enough attention . For two sponge -LRB- which weigh little -RRB- to be shipped from FL to NY it cost $ 19.99 . What a joke ? It was not over night or express it was flat rate shipping and they charged that much . WHAT A RIP OFF . It is my own fault but still should n't the seller be some what honest on just how much they are charging . I will not be buying another item from Big Deal Beauty until they readjust their shipping rates .
 Owned another sponge from another company for over 2 years , loved it . This one tore within a week of use . Wo n't buy again .
 There are many things I liked about this natural sponge , particularly its resistance to bacteria . It is soft , came as advertised . However , after little more than a month it is falling apart . This sponge is not durable .
 The description said great for bathing , but not if you need something more study than a pair of panty hose . This is too soft to bath with , but might be really good for a baby .
 I tried this because the other reviews were favorable and wanted to try something less `` smelly '' than the Jergens product which I had used before . I found the results disappointing . The `` tan '' washed off on my washcloths in the shower , and the tan on my skin was blotchy-looking , like scaly lizard skin . After a week I threw this away -LRB- $ 8.00 ! -RRB- and bought the Jergens product again .
 I used this product for 4 years . I could tell by the smell that is was n't the same . It was so watered down that it made my hair straight
 This Jojoba oil came in a different package than what is shown . Normally this would n't bother me , but the oil has a terrible smell to it . I have used Jojoba oil before , Dessert Essence to be exact , and it has never smelled like this !?! I really am concerned that it may not be Jojoba oil or not all of it anyway , and having extremely sensitive skin i guess i 'll just be throwing it away . I would certainly reccommend this oil but i would not buy from this vendor again !
 DEFINITELY READ ALL THE BAD REVIEWS FIRST BEFORE GETTING TRICKED INTO BUYING THIS OILWish I did because I had the exact same problems after getting mine . I usually do always read a couple bad reviews before buying to check out the pros and cons but I ordered this one half asleep.The actual jojoba oil shown on this page is a great oil for your skin but the Jojoba oil I ordered from one of the sellers on here named Livamed sent the oil a lot later after the 1st was lost in the mail plus the oil WAS NOT ORGANIC and PROBABLY not jojoba , or completely jojoba , it smelled like it had been mixed with cocoa butter or something else . Real joboba oil hardly has any smell at all to it this bottle had a strong nutty smell , plus there was no safety seal on it.I went shopping for ORGANIC jojoba oil -LRB- not NATURAL jojoba but organic - there 's a huge difference -RRB- just like the page is showing it 's supposed to be , with the organic seal shown on the bottle in the picture at the top of this page . The bottle sent by Livamed does not have an organic seal on it at all which means it was not organic . I doubt it was even pure jojoba oil . There was no seal on the top of the bottle so anyone could 've added something else to it to fill up the 4 ounces . That 's false advertising . I threw the bottle out since I dont know whats really in it.If you read the rest of the 1 and 2 star reviews on here they all had the exact same problem . One reviewer who had the same problem , called the company , gave the batch number and found out that not only is the oil not organic but Amazon is not even authorized to sell it .
 For the life of me I can not figure out how this product has such great reviews . It smells like hot dogs so strongly that even after washing my hands twice I could still smell it on me , and I am not a person who is normally sensitive to smells . I ca n't believe only a few other reviewers commented on the smell , and some reviewers even say that it is `` odorless '' . Not so ! Unscented , yes , but that does NOT mean odorless ! One reviewer commented that the non-organic version is truly odorless , so I would have to say if you are intent on trying this oil , perhaps the non-organic would be a better choice . If the product being organic is important to you -LRB- as it is to me -RRB- , then I would have to say go with a different brand entirely . I will say that I 've been completely satisfied with everything else I 've tried from the Desert Essence Line . Perhaps the particular bottle I got was stored improperly .
 I have n't used this product yet but the real product labeling says 100 % pure . It does not say organic or USDA organic . Someone has slapped a inventory & bar code label on the product that says it is organic but the actual product labeling does not say organic . Beware
 never really noticed much of a difference using it at all . I did not feel that it really helped at all .
 I was really looking forward to trying this jojoba oil . I ordered 2 bottles , paid for it and shipping with my credit card , and received notice that the product had been shipped to my address directly from the company , not Amazon . When I did n't receive it as expected , I checked tracking and gave it another two days before I called and left a message on the company 's voicemail . Next , when I did n't get a call back , I emailed them and was informed that the package had been returned to them undelivered . I emailed again and stated that I was not happy and really wanted the product . I received an email stating that they had handled the situation the same as all returns . Well , I NEVER received the package , so I certainly never returned it . My credit card was credited with a refund for the product , but NOT for the shipping cost . What happened to just sending the product out again ??? They would have gained a customer , not lost one forever .
 Jojoba oil is awesome stuff , but do not buy it in plastic bottles . Personal care products are a major source of phthalates , which are endocrine disruptors , and can help promote thyroid problems , diabetes , etc. . Phthalates are in plastics , and phthalates leach into oils . Any jojoba oil in a plastic bottle will be choke full of phthalates , and when you rub that on your skin you will absorb the phthalates . Buy Jojoba in glass containers . La Ronna is a good source for this .
 I have been ordering this product for the past couple of years , and this last shipment noticed that the smell has become very oily . It is obviously not organic anymore . I order non-organic jojoba oil as well , and it smells exactly like it . I have filed a formal complaint with Amazon to investigate this matter . DO NOT buy this product if you think you 'll be getting organic jojoba oil .
 I wish I could have smelled this before I bought it . It smelled a little nutty or coffee . It might have worked well but I could n't get past the smell
 I love , love , LOVE jojoba oil and was excited to see the low price of the Desert Essence brand . But it 's not expeller pressed , i.e. not cold pressed , so chemicals are used to extract the oil . I returned this one and bought the NOW brand .
 I was so excited to try this oil because of all the rave reviews . However , the disappointment began from the moment I opened the packaging - the bottle was damaged and was n't sealed properly . I tried smoothing some oil into my hands , and noticed a repugnant smell - I had no idea it had an odor . For something that is supposed to be organic and plant based , I expected something a little more natural-smelling ; this oil smells . . like cooking grease or something.I 'm rather disappointed . Guess the search for the perfect essential oil continues !
 The description made by -LRB- re-seller -RRB- DAB Nutrition -LRB- aka Direct Websites ; Potential Dynamix LLC -RRB- says it is `` organic '' . If you look at the front of the bottle on the picture it does not say `` organic '' but I trusted Amazon . We got the bottle and indeed it did not say `` organic '' on the front label . On the back bottom is an add-on sticker stating `` organic '' and other official looking numbers . Fishy or not?My wife asks me to do further research since we wanted to use it for our newborn . Newborns have absorbent skins and soak up all chemicals/toxins in clothes and lotions so we try to get organic.I contacted the manufacturer Desert Essence and gave them the manufacturing batch number -LRB- at the bottom of the bottle . They said Amazon is not an authorized re-seller and that it was NOT organic.If you Google the re-seller you 'll find more complaints.This looks like fraud to me . I spoke with Amazon and they were very helpful . The product is being returned.You 've been warned about DAB Nutrition -LRB- aka Direct Websites ; Potential Dynamix LLC -RRB-
 With so many glowing reviews , I thought I would give this a try . I have very acne prone oily skin . Oh . My . God . In just three days of use , my skin has gotten 100 times worse than it has been in a long time . I am downright embarrassed to leave the house . Be careful if you have naturally bad skin - I ca n't stress this enough . Sometimes , natural products just do n't work for serious problem skin .
 First time I ordered this product I received it certified organic , as described . Second time the bottle just said 100 % pure jojoba oil . Not organic neither did it have the USDA certificate label . It was only an extra sticker that said it was organic . After reading previous reviews I now see that it 's not the first time it happens.Amazon was helpful and item was returned .
 This is Not Organic and was suppose to be removed by Amazon as false advertising . This oil is awesome but lets face it , if you really want organic you have to pay for it ... if it 's too good to be true it probably is n't , and in this case it is not .
 That perfume is simply nauseating . I can not believe that ANYONE could write a positive review about this perfume it smells terrible . I can not even use it as an air freshener . All my air fresheners are more pleasant to the nose.BEWARE if you plan to return an Item to Amazon do Not buy Perfumes They are not returnable .
 Although I was upgraded to a larger size and I appreciate it and the product arrived on time , I have no idea what it is . I did contact the seller and received no response . The first thing I noticed was that the pump did not work on the bottle . So I opened it up . The product was so thick , lumpy and grainy and it did not smell right . I do not know if this was an old bottle of the Paul Mitchell product or if it was the old `` bait and switch '' as it was a very good price . I will only be purchasing licensed products after this . Poor , poor quality . The only reason it got one star was because of the larger size . I guess they tried . But tried what ?
 I was really excited to get this conditioner , but when it came and I tried to use it for the first time , I had to really squeeze the bottle to get anything out . I stuck my finger in the bottle and only touched the conditioner with the very tip of my finger . It 's ridiculous to pay for 33.8 oz and get a bottle that 's missing 1/5 !! Will never order again .
 Installed the product according to the manufacturer 's instructions , turned on the shower , and the amount of water coming out of the shower head was diminished by at least half . Look elsewhere and save your $ 45 .
 ShowerTek Fog Free Shower Mirror - ChromeI bought this product first and had to return it because it sprays water out the back . My shower head is mounted very high and the water was spraying on the painted wall above the shower stall . I then bought the more expensive model , $ 99 , which recirculates the water rather than spraying it out the rear and it works great . Could n't be happier with this one .
 cant stand the scent of it but it really does last long , so for those that like it may consider it a good thing .
 For me , 2 factors go into which blotting sheets I like , -LRB- and I 've tried 4 different brands -RRB- . One is how well they work , obviously . The second is how easily they come apart so you do n't have to spend significant time trying to separate one sheet from the other . Clinique Pore Minimizer Oil Blotting Sheets are VERY difficult to pull apart from one another . I wasted a number of them as they 're so hard to separate . And when you just want to quickly blot your face , you do n't want to spend time with that . After using these , I then tried Skin blotting papers by Alison Raffaele - THEY were the BEST ! I do n't know if you can get them on amazon or not , but find them online asap . `` Skin by Alison Raffaele '' is the best !
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 This is so ironic . No chip top cover chips like crazy . It chips even those polishes that did n't really chip much without it . Ridiculous .
 I just decided to open and smell my perfume and it is definitely old . I did n't open till now since I still had my own that I was finishing up.I am very disappointed and spent alot of money for this item . I will never buy again . They should not be selling perfume that has expired .
 I first tried this brand/type of shampoo and conditioner YEARS ago when it was in a white -LRB- I think ? -RRB- bottle . At the time I LOVED it , it smelled great , and it was SUPER TINGLY in your hair and scalp , would be very INVIGORATING and WAKE you up with all the pins and needles tingling sensation . So when I saw this on Amazon -LRB- even though the bottle now looks different -RRB- I was SOOOOO excited to buy some ... Anyhow , when I tried it the first time I was DISAPPOINTED . Horrible Horrible Horrible . Almost nonexistent tingle now because I think it is so diluted possibly ... Anyway , does n't work the way it did years ago when I originally used it . I would NOT buy this product again , waste of money ... I would pay 2x as much if it was same quality as it was before , now it is just crappy and nothing like it used to be ... Sad . I do n't even think this one cleans hair all that well or makes it very soft . The old version did a WAY better job all around , plus was invigorating .
 This conditioner leaves your hair feeling more like it was conditioned with a volumizing condition , read
 Maybe it is just my hair , but I used this product only once because it did the opposite of condition . I spent a very long time attempting to get a brush through my hair after emerging from the shower . I finally resorted to some leave in products to finish the job , but it felt like straw the rest of the day . I promptly placed the product in a drawer just in case I can find a guinea pig to try it on their hair for comparison purposes . I buy products based on the user reviews , so I am quite perplexed that it was so horrible , at least on my hair . I have hair that has waves but can be straightened if I have time . It is fine hair , but there is a lot of it . It is also color treated . Maybe some combination of these various factors contributed to the ineffectiveness of the product .
 I 've worn this perfume for many years . When I bought this product it did n't smell the same as previous bottles . I will not be buying this one again .
 I am totally desapointed in your product , to help even more I 've been using the eye-lite waterproof mascara , and not only do n't I seee any results but my lashes seem shorter than they used to be.I want a refund !
 I have been looking all over for this product . I was a little disappointed on paying so much for so little .
 I read a lot of negative reviews about the purchase of high end , expensive perfumes at Amazon Website ; however , since this one was being sold by amazon.com itself , I decided to take a risk . I am extremely disappointed with this purchase . The fragrance is so subtle that even a person standing one foot away can not appreciate it ------------ and that is immediately after putting it on ! Complete waste of money .
 You should be ashamed selling this crapola.I will never buy from this vendor again . I have purchasedplenty of fragrances from Amazon and ebay . This producthas been tampered with , I can literally see that thebottle was opened because there are little pry marks on the bottom.The scent literally wears off by the time you get out the door.Amazon should give you the boot !
 I had a small amount of cologne left in a bottle of Emporio Armani which I purchased at Macy 's a while back . I compared the smell of the Macy 's bottle and the one I received from Amazon . The bottle from Amazon is not nearly as strong as the bottle purchased at Macy 's . I 'm wondering if I received a counterfeited bottle . Wo n't be purchasing this bottle again from Amazon .
 I 've bought this cologne before and really liked it , but the most recent sample I bought from the Perfume Emporium smelled like some cheap no name brand . I do n't no if my sample was an old bottle that was past it 's shelf life or it was watered down , it may have been in the right container but it was n't the same cologne .
 I would say this is a safe smell , enjoyable , clean and not overwhelming . I found it generic , many other fragances smell alike . In my opinion projection is low , as well as duration . I get 4-5 hours on my skin . Good for work I would say , unoffensive.The bottle is poorly made , the sprayer started failing and the liquid started to leak . I had to change the bottle in less than a week . Since the bottle has this strange design it 's not possible to know where the failure is .
 I ordered the wrong item -LRB- same container as another product -RRB- . I thought I would try it anyway , not good . Called to see if I it could be returned , no it can not . Live and learn .
 I bought this product & was totally unhappy . It arrived broken , it was not what I thought it was , as I have used Tsar for 20 years , the one good thing was Amazon credited me back all my money . Amazon stood by there guarantee of great customer service . I feel very happy about continuing to order from them .
 This is a very odd item ... This might not make much sense ... But , I opened a pad , the pad was very wet - practically dripping wet . . Which I thought was a good thing ... I used it on my thumb nail first-removed it with ease , moved to the next finger - pad was wet and was far from covered in nail polish and the pad didnt do a thing to the next nail ... I opened a new pad , then it took it off ... Basically 1 pad per nail ... And my nails are natural , I do not have long nails , so this is just very odd and a bummer.I can take off all my nail polish on all fingers and toes with one cotton ball with nail polish remover on it , so I have to say something is up with this item
 I 'm all for natural sunblock for my kid , but this stuff really just smells . I like lemongrass as much as the next guy , but I prefer it in thai food .
 Never Again . Through Amazon , I bought a Paloma Picasso perfume package that was shipped from a company , Beauty Encounter-from California . When I received the perfume package , I opened it but it did n't smell `` right '' . I 've used Paloma Picasso for YEARS and I KNOW what it smells like ! Per the enclosed instructions , I called the company to register my concerns and ask if the perfume was `` too old '' and could theyjust ship me another bottle of it and I 'd be happy to return the one they sent me . The woman on their end of the phone was very combative and condescending . She told me that it was NOT too old and that I obviously did n't know what it was supposed to smell like and she could n't do anything about it . After I begged her , she said she 'd have the warehouse manager contact me the following day , which , to this day , I have never heard from . That was at least 1 month ago .
 This product was a gift for my wife as she absolutely loves Paloma Picasso fragrance . She was very excited whne she opened it because she ca n't purchase it locally . Then she used the body lotion for the first time and was so disappointed ! It literally ran out of the tube , dripped onto the bedroom carpet . She has had this product before from well known high end department stores and even at duty free when traveling out of the country . But she has never experienced such a poor representative of the brand . I 'm not sure if the manufacturer made a cheaper product less rich version just for sites like amazon.com and discounted stores ? But to receive this garbage even at a discounted price , is extremely discouraging . I do n't know if I will ever purchase another item from amazon.com . The only `` saving grace '' is that the fragrance itself that came as a duo with the lotion , is the `` real deal '' . So from that standpoint the price was almost worth it . Oh ! And the so-called `` cosmetic case '' ? My wife says that it 's a joke . Cheap cheap CHEAP plastic and zipper and too small for much of anything .
 The product i ordered was opened and it looked like someone had destroyed it on purpose . i felt horrible for the person i gave it to because it did n't look like a gift !! really disappointing !
 I have fine hair with natural curl . I color my hair monthly and have been for over 20 years . I 'm going on vacation soon to sunny Florida and wanted something to help protect my hair color from fading since I 'll be outside quite a bit . I thought this product would be perfect , and all the great reviews convinced me to try it . Boy , was that a bad decision ! I used both the shampoo and conditioner , and by the time I got out of the shower my hair felt just like straw -LRB- and yes , I left it in for around 10 minutes while I showered -RRB- . After blow drying and styling , it felt a little better , but not much - and the natural shine I have in my hair was dulled . I used it once and will now have to throw it away because the vendor I purchased from does not accept returns of used products . If you have fine or thin hair , this product is not for you - stay away from it and find something else ... you 've been warned .
 I like Obsession , the problem was that I ordered , Obsession Night by Calvin Klein for Women , the photo showed eau de parfum , and I received Obsession Body Lotion .
 After reading the reviews I expected somwhat of an oriental fragrance . Instead , I received a fragrance that smelled like after shave . This one is not the least bit womanly . Beware - if you want to smell like a man , buy it , if not , make another choice .
 I enjoy the notes and appreciate the scent . I would love to wear this more often , but I ca n't . The combination of jasmine and gardenia is overwhelming to my palate , although I love it 's masculine edge . The white florals are head-ache inducing on me.CK OB is unwearable in warm weather , and nearly unwearable on cool nights . Love it on paper , just not on my skin.Do sample before you buy .
 I BUY THIS PERFUME 100 ML OF MY HOUSE AND I GET ME ONE OF 7 ML . MEETING THAT CHEATED ME AND I SHOULD SEND THE FRAGRANCE OF 100 ML 4 MY HOUSE WITHOUT CHARGE CHILE AGAIN . . I DEMAND A SOLUTION , BEFORE TAKING ACTION LEGALES.CHAO
 It is same packing and the same bottle , but the perfume is imitation . It does not have the same color , it is yellow instead of transparency , and it does not have the same aroma . That cost me very expensive for imitation . 65 $ with the shipping , and I ca n't use it . Excuse my English i 'm french .
 Had to try Night Obsession since I really love the fragrance of Sheer Obsession . It is ok but ca n't beat the Sheer 's light fragrant smell . The top cap of the Night Obsession had a sticky substance covered all over it and took about 15 minutes to clean if off with Goo Gone product . The box it was in did not have the sticky glue on it . Strange the cap was just sticky , like someone put it in the box dried before boxing it . Was very disappointed with this surprise situation when lifting it out of the box . Hope it does n't happen to anyone else .
 After searching for Obsession Night , the first link was for perfume , the picture showed perfume , and the company sent body lotion . The perfume is great , and the price was great , if only they had sent the product advertised .
 it was old & smelled bad i have to get rid of it i will never try it again again
 Sorry to put this product groganics hair supplements down ... but it didnt do NOTHING and NO improvements to my hair which i had a horrible chop !! this groganics smells bad and gave me a bad aftertaste in my mouth from this supplements ... I still have it and plan to toss it in the trash !!
 I purchased a bottle 15 days ago . My $ 15.99 bottle is empty . There are 30 pills in the bottle which the directions are to take 2 a day . Now you do the math.That means that you 're only purchasing a 15 day supply for $ 15.99 . This will be very expensive , if you do n't achieve results soon.I just purchase my second $ 15.99 bottle , I 'm not sure what to expect , due to I have medium length hair with thinning near my ear area . Other wise , a nice healthy head of hair , so far no results.So if you have alot of thinning or baldness this will definitely be very expensive . But it 's worth it if you grow your hair back . Right !!! I 'll check back in after I finish this bottle -LRB- 2nd bottle -RRB- . Until then bye , bye !
 I never tried the product because when I saw the size of the bottle , I felt it was NOT worth the price I paid -LRB- 15.00 ?!?! -RRB- .
 I have used this conditioner for many years and the real Paul Mitchell detangler is wonderful . I purchased some from this seller on Amazon and it is NOT the same product . It has a horrible smell and leaves my hair dryed out . It is NOT Paul Mitchell . I would demand my money back but it would be expensive to send back the 3 bottles I purchased . Stupid me for ordering so many .
 Normaly this product is very good but I purchased some from Amazon and it was not the same product that you would purchase at your hair care provider . I believe it is an immitation product . I recommend this product if you purchase directly from your hair care provider but would not recommend purchasing this item from Amazon .
 3c/4a coily curls.This conditioner is lackluster . I used a dime-sized amount on a decent sized section of clean , damp hair -LRB- how I always condition -RRB- . It did not give me much slip . I finger detangled and that was n't very productive with this conditioner . I then detangled with a comb to see if it is good for that . The comb glided through , but I suspect only because I had already finger-detangled . I would honestly have to do another test to see its detangling capabilities , but I wo n't bother because it did n't even condition my hair.It did not condition my hair at all . I left it on for 10 or so minutes before rinsing with cool water . My curls were not at all defined or decently moisturized . It was disappointing , because I love other PM products -LRB- The Conditioner , Awapuhi Mist -RRB- , which have left my hair conditioned , moisturized , and beautiful . After rinsing this detangler out I followed up with a cowash with Herbal Essences Hydralicious , which defines my hair and leaves it well moisturized.The only positive thing I can say about this is the scent . It is neutral , and smells like baby powder to me . I like neutral scents because of my sensitive nose to fragrance . The consistency is medium-thick , and it is yellow in color.I am returning this bottle to Ulta , where I purchased from . * Only buy PM from an Ulta store or professional salons paul mitchell 's website lists . Otherwise you risk buying fake , old , or tampered product .
 I do n't like conditioner that much , ... I DO LOVE PAUL MITCHELL !!!!!! IT ROCKS ... but I did like this a little but I would recommend rockaholic detangler it 's great I love it but its really hard to find anymore :-LRB- ... but this product was ok ... i have the thinnest hair ever but it tangles alot ... i would recommend this to thick hair might be better for a thick hair girl than me with thin hair ... lol ... hope this helped
 I have long , fine , straight hair that is not particularly dry or damaged . It does , however , seem to get a bit snarled at the ends sometimes after shampooing and wrapping it up in a towel . I was hoping for a light-to-medium conditioner that made it easy to comb through my hair . Unfortunately , this so-called detangler did n't seem to make any difference at all . In fact , regular conditioners like Aussie Moist or Neutrogena left my hair easier to comb out than this stuff . I also did n't care much for the scent of it , which reminded me a bit of the old Flex conditioners from the 80s . I ended up not even using all of this product up , so I feel like it was a waste of money . I 've liked other Paul Mitchell products in the past , but this was the worst I 've ever tried .
 AS PURCHASED FROM AMAZON - As described in other reviews - this item smells nothing like the exact item sold in salons . It smells like it is really old and makes my hair smell terrible . I purchased this because I like the product and wanted the convenience of delivery , but the product is not as it should be . There are several buying options - I purchased the item fulfilled by Amazon - purchase from a different seller ! I am guessing that the reviews that refer to this problem also chose the item fulfilled by Amazon .
 This product did n't detangle or condition my thin , fine , silvery grey hair . Threw it out .
 I have used the Paul Mitchell Detangler for years . It is the only product that keeps my long thick hair snag free . It has always worked so well . This is the first time I did not buy the product from a hair salon and I am extremely disappointed . The bottle I got from Amazon is not the same product . It smells horrible and it is a different color . The Detangler should be a yellow color . The one sent from Amazon is white . The bottle I received even looks different . It does not look like the bottle pictured on the Amazon page nor does it look like a bottle found at a salon . Yesterday I went out and bought another bottle from a salon and it is the same wonderful Detangler I have come to know and love . I would n't buy it from Amazon again . If you shop around at the mall , you can find it even cheaper . I went to three places and found it for $ 13 -LRB- all others were at $ 21 -RRB-
 This product does detangle but has a rancid odor . I 've used the product before and this is not the normal smell . Do n't know how long the product was stored before it was sold .
 I love Paul Mitchell . This product does n't smell like Paul Mitchell and the product was very runny . I would n't recommend purchasing it .
 horrible - do n't purchase this . Useless . Does n't act as a conditioner , less alone a detangler . I 'm pretty sure someone just put lotion in the bottle .
 I really do n't like this conditioner . I 've used other Paul Mitchell products before and they were great , but I do n't understand how THIS product came from them . First of all , it does not detangle my hair at all . My hair actually feels WORSE after using this conditioner . I 've used it twice so far , and both times my hair has come out frizzy , limp , and damaged looking . When I use other conditioners , my hair turns out really smooth and full of body . I 'm throwing out the rest of the bottle and getting something else before this stuff ruins my hair !
 Okay , I have to say this is the wierdest scent I 've ever come across . It 's a very dark woodsy smell that gives you chill when you breath it in . It 's cold ... there 's no warm to it at all . There is a hint of Jamine maybe but that 's counter acted by an intense bitter root afterglow . After wearing it for a couple of hours I 'm not happy to report that I actually became nauseated . I really tried to embrace the diversity of this scent , give it a shot and not judge it to harshly but unfortunately my physical reaction won out . Go ahead and try it if you enjoy unatural unearthly scents . My recommendation is to get a sample first of course , but I have to warn you ; It just may jump start a vomit !
 I bought 2 refills BUYER BEWARE you will not be able to return these as they are considered HAZMAT so both the boxes have the unique code that Thierry Mugler parfums always come with cut out and tape has been placed over them . This is pretty bad and I will not be buying perfum again from here . Not worth saving just 4 dollars which is what the difference was
 I read all the reviews online and here on Amazon , and thought this would be a better alternative than DFI wax . I bought a tube and tried it , but the reviews were very misleading . I tried to sculpt my hair and the wax , no matter how many times I would apply , would NOT STICK AND HOLD , and the hair keeps falling back to its original position . It 's absolutely frustrating , knowing that you are very LIMITED on how you can style your hair . Also , customers should be aware that when ` sculpting ' with this wax , they should be very careful , because while I was doing so , I lost TONS of hair and had caused irritation on my scalp . Also , to add to my experience , a friend of mine is a hair stylist himself and had worked with hundreds of different kinds of wax ; his reception of the wax ? very negative and said he does n't touch the stuff because his customers complained that it failed to hold . Would I recommend the product ? No . But would I recommend it to make the hair look wet and shiny ? Yes .
 I bought this from the reviews I read . My husband thought it was a scent he had remembered from long ago and wanted to try it out . It was really not to my liking . It reminded me of a much older woman who would wear it . Gave it away already to a `` Grandma ''
 I 'm sorry to say , but the Cover Your Gray stick in Light Brown/Blonde did not work for me . The color of the stick looks OK . But on your hair , it is too yellow . I have light brownish hair , and when I used this stick on my roots , the yellow color stuck out like a sore thumb . I do n't even think a light blonde could have used it . I 've never seen anyone with hair the color of this stick . I 'll have to go back to the Medium Brown , which has always been a little dark for me , but does the job . These sticks work great , when you can get the right color . This company certainly needs to come out with more color choices .
 I was hoping this product was more liquid . It is more like trying to use a crayon to cover the gray and was not very effective for me .
 You 're better off using your own mascara . It works as good maybe better ! Whenever I need a touch up I just use my own mascara and it works perfect !
 Product I purchased in no wat shape or form covered any gray . Actually when I used on the side oo my head where the grey comes in , the color actually looked fake and almost orrange
 I DO like the liquid touch tip applicator in med brown , but not this one.Its not easy to go on and its the wrong color for me - great lipstick color though !
 shalimar byguerlain ... it is the cheap version Eau deshalimar ... what a rip off ! - The box you show is the real Shalimar ... you sent the white box ... the cheap version
 I tried it , it is hard to apply and washes off quickly . Does n't work for me unfortunately ! I use a white nail polish pen instead for french manicure , lasts and easy to apply !
 This product does absolutely nothing for my nails . Ca n't even tell I 've used it . Save your money and do n't bother buying this . .
 I received the wrong product . I ordered Red by Giorgio and received Giorgio by Giorgio . I do not want the product I received . I want the product that I ordered .
 This cologne does not smell like Red by Giorgio . It smells like it has been sitting in the bottle for 20 or more years . I will never buy cologne online again . If the price seems too good to be true there is a reason and it is usually because the product is horrible .
 A friend of mine told me about how great this product is so I thought I would try it . My hair is baby fine and it weighs it down . This product would be great on hair that is coarse or had some body , just was n't right for my hair type .
 I totally agree with the other review . I ordered this small bottle to travel with and it 's a rose color instead of purple and it does n't smell anything like the Herve Leger Paris that I love . I did order another small bottle from another retailer and it 's exactly what I wanted . Not sure what 's going on with this particular product , but it is NOT the same as the Herve Leger I 've been wearing for years . Beware !
 I have been buying Herve Ledger for many years . It 's my favoriate perfume . I understand it is being discontinued and I am very disappointed . I ordered several of the small perfumes and it is not the same color and it does not smell the same . I am very disappointed .
 Herve has been my signature scent for over 15 years . I was very disappointed when I opened this package . Not only was the color different ; not the lavender color that I am use to , this was yellow in color . Also , the scent was not quite right either . In my opinion , this was a close matcth , but not genuine Herve .
 I ordered the Herve Leger EAU DE PARFUM .17 OZ MINI , the color is shown as lavender . I received Herve Leger Paris , which is a light yellow color . I 'm very disappointed and hesitate to re-order . `` Amazon Verified Purchase '' .
 My girlfriend was dying to buy this because several years ago , she really liked it and wanted to try it again , so we bought it . Then , I totally forgot about it , except that every time my girl friend would come home , she 'd smell like onion , and I 'd like be honey , how much onion did u eat today , and she 'd be like nothing at all . This went on for a few days till one day she put on the perfume in front of me and I was like holly crap , THAT 'S THE ONION !!!! So yeah , this perfume smells like onion on her . I hate it .
 I was very disappointed in the whole process because I paid for it , received notice that it would arrive in a week , and THEN got a notice that it was unavailable .
 Very disappointed that I received a plain black one instead of the ones with the shoes and handbags . I could have gone to the store to get a plain black one and not had to pay shipping . This is FALSE advertising !
 I have always had a Caboole , back when they were the heavy plastic in different colors in mid 90 's . well I bought this one because I have always wanted a train case . . And when it arrived I loved it . it has a sturdy outer box and I love the collapseable interior . Nice and roomy and has elastic rounds on the interior of the doors for pencils and such , 2 locking metal clasps that comes with 2 keys It looks way better in real life bright colors and raised metal emblem . The only thing that was missing that the older ones have is a mirror . I was so happy ... AND then one of the accordian compartment sides came to me broken !!!! I lifted it up to get to the compartments and one of the long metal strip attched to the bottom inside box with the hinges that make it fold out of way and fit in bottom . The metal strip attached to the deep bottom part came off the nub it was attached to , I was VERY disapponted when I couldnt fit the hole back on the nub , it just wont go back on , it wasnt on when they sent it to me either . The reason why it only recieved 2 stars is because I still use it but I am real careful about using that side . I put stuff I dont use evryday in it . I am going to see if I can Gorrila glue it back on or maybe soder ?
 The same situation from a previous reviewer happened to me as well . I did not receive the correct Caboodles with shoes displayed on it . I receive a plain black one . Very disappointing ...
 I am so disappointed . Amazon sent me the wrong Caboodle organizer . The one that I got is 11.5 inches but it is a black textured look with no cute shoe designs . But the worst part of the case is there are only 4 shelves instead of six . I do n't like the way the shelves fold out over the handles . If it were n't such a hassle to send this case back I would have.I ordered the 13 '' black case too . I am very happy with that one . It is roomy and holds a lot .
 I had the same problem as some of the other customers ... I purchased the item above , but received it in black only , no design ... I would have given company a much higher score , but they sent item anyway without any contact informing me that the item I paid for was n't available . Give the customers the option to decide whether or not they want to cancel the order instead of sending it assuming customers will accept whatever company decides to send !
 I like it but I did n't get the design that i ordered . They send me the plain black color ; -LRB-
 I received a plain black one with only four shelves.Too much hassle to send it back .
 I received a plain black one with only four shelves.EVEN after it came late for some unknown reason.Too much hassle to send it back . UGH
 I read that others had received the wrong item , which I usually wo n't hold against the item . However , this ships directly from Amazon , so I expect better . I not only received the wrong print , but one of the interior hinges was detached so that when I opened it the top tray on one side stuck . I can see that this would be very cute in the right print , but quality control & durability are definite problems .
 I ordered this product but never received the correct item from the seller . I ended up returning both of the incorrect items and having my card refunded .
 I bought this product over the weekend and the clips dont hold I have already emailed conairs corporate office and told them I am disappointed in this product and I will be posting a bad report everywhere this item is sold . The only good thing about this item is they do heat up fast .
 I do n't really have anything to review , as I ordered this hair setter twice , and both times was sent the wrong thing . I finally gave up .
 I did n't even get the right product after sending the wrong curlers back for second time . I really wanted the Conair Ion Shine Instant Heat Hair Setter , but they obviously never had them in stock in the 1st place so I am very dissapointed that I did n't recieve what I ordered !!!
 This set is the one I thought I had ordered . However , I got the ones with the smaller rollers . I have tried to make them work for my hair but no go .
 awful . barelly heats up . I have used many , and never had to throw one away before .
 I recently bought this product thinking that it would curl my hair , but the product did nothing for that . My hair is very fine , and very straight so this did not help much . I had a hard time trying to curl my hair . When I thought it was `` done '' my hair was left bent . I would not try this product ever again . But it might curl your hair if it is not fine or straight .
 This product was advertised with metal clips to hold the curlers in place.Instead it came with butterfly clips which crimp the hair where it holds onto the roller . They are also very heavy when you have a head full of them . The heating process did not work well either . I sent them back as they were entirely unsatisfactory . I could not use them .
 First of all the price of this setter went from $ 22.77 to over $ 36.00 in one week 's time !! Not sure why such a huge price increase and I 'd like to say the reason was because this setter is worth every penny , but I 'd be lying . It 's advertised quite extensively on here as being an ionic hair setter . It IS N'T ! There is a higher end model which is the Conair Ion Shine , and that particular model IS an ionic setter . After reading the reviews on here I thought I was getting a great deal for paying less than $ 25.00 for a true ionic setter . But alas , if it sounds too good to be true , than it usually is . It breaks my heart to read many of the reviews here about this set from women who just love their new `` ionic '' set because the ions make it so that the setter does not damage the hair . Obviously they believed , as I did when I purchased this setter , everything I read . So caveat emptor . . if having an ionic setter is important to you , than look elsewhere . As far as the clips that come with this set , I guess I am in the minority as I thought having heated clips was a great feature . It does n't matter that they only give you enough room to place 3 at a time on the heating elements , because as you take one off to use , just replace it with a cool one . By the time you get back to the 1st clip , it 's heated quite nicely . The heated clips do help the curl process in my opinion . They stay in my hair quite nicely but they do tend to `` drop '' . My hair is on the thick , coarse side , so perhaps that 's why I don ; t have a huge problem with them staying in place . If I had fine hair , I think I 'd pass on these and go with the old fashioned wire clips.Because this set is not ionic and I really wanted an ionic setter , I stupidly ordered a Babyliss set that also is advertised at Folica as ionic . I paid much more for it than I would have had I purchased the same set here . Well imagine my frustration when I received the Babyliss only to find that it is also NOT IONIC ! I am in disbelief that this happened to me twice in less than one week . I am also upset at Folica in general . When I emailed their customer service I was given no apology . In fact they blamed it on Babyliss saying that Babyliss provides them with item descriptions . Huh ? It 's now the manufacturers ' fault if the retailer puts up the wrong description ? I was told to pack it up and drop it off at a UPS shipping center if I did n't want the set . Lessoned well learned . I should have purchased the replacement setter at Amazon . Their CS department is second to none , their prices are much better than Folica 's , and I 've always been happy with Amazon in general . I got miffed about buying what I thought was an ionic hair setter , so I cut off my nose to spite my face and went with this pricey Babyliss set at Folica . Stupid mistake . As a side note ... I found out that Conair bought out Babyliss so personally I would not waste my money on the Babyliss brand again . Since they make both brands , why shell out the extra money ? Not worth it!Update
 This is CHEAP JUNK . The curls go away after about 30 minutes ... And I have easily curlable hair . These seem to actaully STRAIGHTen my hair , and leave it FRIZZY . It also BURNS your scalp badly . They do NOT shine your hair AT ALL . They may work if you have extremly thin hair but do not even try if you have normal to thick hair . I tried it , and my family and friends who also tested all agree these are junk . I really like the clips . I spent $ 30 . on clips I guess ? The clips are great . I use them with my other curlers . Spend a little bit more and get professtional ionic curlers . I swear you will be happier .
 The rollers only warmed up to &#34; luke warm &#34; - even let them heat up for 30 minutes and there was no difference . The &#34; warm &#34; clips really are n't warm after sitting on the warming rack , the spring on the clip was n't that strong so it failed to &#34; grasp &#34; the roller tightly which resulted in the clips continually falling off the roller . Good &#34; concept &#34; , bad execution of design . : -LRB-
 The description states that the rollers are jumbo , large and medium but they are large , medium and small . If you are looking for larger rollers these are not the ones to order .
 Very disappointed with the hair clips that come with these rollers . They leave a very obvious line/crimp in the hair .
 I tried these because reviews seemed generally positive . I used them for 3 weeks and not once did the curl last for more than an hour . I have fine , straight hair but have used other brands ; all with better success . When I went to my hairdresser 3 weeks after I 'd been using them , she was surprised at how dry my hair was ... NEVER had that problem before . I do not recommend them at all .
 This product does leave marks in your hair where the clips are . I think I may just use a straightener to get rid of those , but still annoying . This product also takes about 10 min to heat up fully , rather than the promised 2 . The curls do n't last long either ... only a few hours . I may take them back to get a more expensive set that will do a better job . The curls do look nice though . I have long straight hair .
 I rarely ever return items because it 's such a hassle . But this , is being returned immediately . The idea is actually very good - it has a side heater to heat up the clips as well as the rollers , a feature I 've never seen before . However , the clips do not hold - at least not in my long hair . No matter how many times I tried , the rollers would always fall out within a few seconds . Even when I stayed completely still -LRB- very difficult when putting in the remaining rollers -RRB- they would still fall out . They never stayed in long enough for me to see how well the curlers worked .
 rollers heat up but wire clips do not hold ... rollers stay loose and fall off . Very bad design . conair needs to design a clip that works on large rollers .
 The clips are so cheap !! They are n't nearly strong enough to hold your hair in place . I wish I could speak to how well the rollers work , but I could n't get them to stay in long enough to find out . If you are lucky enough to get the clips to work , be prepared to sit very still until the rollers are cool !
 &#65279; My wife just bought one of these sets and could n't wait to get home to try it . She read theinstructions , than plugged it in , and waited a few minuets . When she pulled one of the rollers outof it 's hole , the bottom end was hanging from melted plastic . She pulled out another one with thesame result . She finally got one out that she could put in her hair and got one good curl out ofthe deal , but is very disappointed . We are going to return these things as soon as we can .
 I have very straight hair . I used a setting spray for hot rollers and tried spraying my hair to keep the curl in but to no avail . I tried it three different times with the same results . Maybe it 's better if you have some type of body in your hair .
 These rollers melted - so bizarre - clearly defective . So disappointed because my prior conair rollers lasted for 10 years !
 Clips are cheap and do n't hold the curlers in your hair , worst money that I 've ever spent . If anyone has any ideas on a quality set of hot curlers please share ?
 My wife purchased this unit less than a year and it did curl hair . However , my wife plugged it in and it immediately began to smoke . Within seconds the curler ends and clips melted onto the heating elements ! Very dangerous ! Needless to say , I would not recommend this product .
 I bought the Conair instant heat rollers to replace my old Conair rollers which I was very happy with . Unfortunaetly I found that I did not like the new version as well as the old . It does not heat up as fast and whereas the old had a high and low setting this only has one . Also found that the heated clips leave dent marks in my hair which the wire clips did not . I use the Conair super clips which I bought separately instead , would use my old wire clips if only I could find them .
 I have naturally curly hair , but I 've always had a problem with frizz and my curls having a uniformed look.While these do give a nice curl towards the bottom , the top looks all wrong . The clips do NOT hold very tight . Many rollers fall out during use and do n't keep the roller at your scalp . The clips also cause dents near the top of your curls . I had to resort to curling the top layer of my hair with a large barrel iron.If you can salvage the outer layers of your hair , the curls created by these hot rollers will last all day and look very nice . However , if you do n't have a lot of time to spend on your hair , I would n't recommend these .
 I purchased this set at Target yesterday and was excited to give it a try today as my old set from the 70 's finally stopped working . First of all , this is not ionic and it does not control frizz . In fact my hair was MUCH more frizzy after using this than before and I had to spray the dickens out of it with hairspray to calm down the frizzies . My hair is normally NOT frizzy but this produced frizz so the claim that it controls frizz is false at best.Secondly there are only 3 warmers for the plactic clips so you ca n't warm all the clips at once . I thought I 'd be smart and get around this by putting the clip on the space left by a roller when I removed it , but that was a huge mistake . The clip melted and now wo n't open.The clips do not hold the hair securely . I like to get a nice tight roll with the roller right up next to my scalp and then secure the roller when I set my hair . I 've learned this from my beautician mother and from the many beauticians I 've known through my dad 's business . In short , I know how to curl hair properly . Once the curler is in , it is impossible for the cheap , plastic clips to hold it securely so it partially unrolls and flops around . Then when you remove the clip and the roller you are left with an inch of hair that is not set and then a nasty looking kink just before the curl starts . Combine that with the frizziness that this set produces and you end up with a pretty strange looking hairdo.I called the company to see if there was something I was doing wrong or if there was anything else I could do to produce better results instead of returning the product . They told me that this was how the clips worked and there was nothing else to do . I asked about obtaining a set of metal clips that are similar to the old fashioned hot roller clips and she offered to sell them to me . I asked if the company would be willing to send me a set for free since the ones that come with the rollers are inferior and she said , `` no , they are for sale '' . So not only is this an inferior product but Conair will not stand behind it . I was wiloing to give this another try with better clips if they would have sent them to me but since they wo n't even do that , I 'll be returning it . Buyer beware .
 I bought this product because I needed to replace the molecular curler set that finally wore out after about 12 years of tried and true service . I could not find another set of these in the store so I `` settled '' on this product . Let me tell you , I should n't have ... The curl does not stay in my hair for more than about 45 mins -LRB- if that -RRB- sometimes it does not even LOOK like I curled it . My hair is VERY easy to curl and will HOLD curl all day when the right product is used . The clips did not even work properly , I was always having to fix the rollers from coming out . I finally got wise , got on line , found another set of Caruso Molecular Rollers and ordered them . I will try to find someone who really does not want to have curly hair and give them this set ... NEVER AGAIN !!!!
 First - no blue clips came with it , as advertised . Second - does n't curl very well . Edges of rollers pretty hot to handle , too .
 I purchased this item to replace a set by Conair that I have had for over 10 years , which were used at least twice a week . This product went well below my expectations . The dot on the curlers turned white within the alloted time frame , but the curlers were not all hot and still had to wait 15 minutes.The clips do not hold the rollers in place . I have long hair , used very thin strips for curley hair for when I go out , but they would not stay in place . I used the old wire clips from my previous set , however , the rollers do not heat the hair all the way through without the clips -LRB- and there is not room for both -RRB- . The clips have to be heated up to put over the roller to help heat/curl the hair from outside as well , so , without the heated clips , my hair was only curly for about 2-3 inches from the ends.My daughter tried to use the set as well , she a short , bob type hair cut . It was the same problem , the clips would not keep curler tight in place close to the head and many times fell out . If someone has very short hair , it may work for you , but for me , I wish I never purchased these , it was a waste of my money , very unhappy .
 Poor Design . The plastic clips do not work as intended . They put a large crimp in my hair near my scalp . I like nice soft `` even '' curls . I have long hair , but it would likely do the same for short hair . I can not recommend .
 I have used electric rollers -LRB- including Conair -RRB- for many , many years . The box for these rollers says it includes jumbo , large & medium rollers . I bought another Conair set that includes jumbo & super-jumbo . The jumbo size in this set is about half the size of the other jumbo rollers . So the box should really say it includes medium , small & super-small sizes . Also , the box says the clips do not leave crimp marks on your hair . That is a lie since they do leave marks that look terrible . I was extremely disappointed with this set . All I wanted to do was replace my existing set with the broken lid -LRB- yes - the lids always break -RRB- but instead they had to `` improve '' things & lie in the process .
 First of all , my rollers came with the fishy shaped looking clips . I hate them . They do not hold my thick , wavy hair and they also leave a weird indentation that gets `` burned '' into the hair . So , in the middle of the curl , there is an occasional flat `` whip '' mark . Additionally , my hair gets caught on the hinge part of the clip . The lid cracked and broke off two weeks after I bought it.I really do n't like these . I miss my old rollers , which had the velvety cover on the roller and a softer heat that seemed to do less damage to my long hair . Usually I use my rollers until they wear out , but I am going to donate these to the Salvation Army along with a NEW box of clips !
 I 'm returning this product . I found various opinons in the reviews on the Conair hair clips but I now agree with all those that were n't impressed with them . This comes with wire clips that just do n't work . It 's very frugal of Conair to sell this hair setter with cheap clips . To me that 's like selling a vase that does n't hold water very well . Unless you already own some good clips and you do n't need the rollers very hot ... I 'd keep on looking .
 Is plastic getting expensive ? Because the plastic that the hinged cover on this is made out of is SO THIN ... I would describe it as `` fragile . '' In fact , there 's already a small crack on one side.The on/off switch was also faulty - I had to jiggle it back and forth to get it to turn on initially . It would only stay on if I kept the switch positioned in the middle.This is by FAR the poorest quality set of hot rollers I have ever bought.I only gave it two stars because it DID heat up evenly , and the rollers themselves would be nice in a better `` house . `` Thank goodness the switch was faulty and part of it arrived cracked , since you can return defective items and not pay for the return shipping on Amazon !
 Easy to use , made my hair look awesome , big improvement over curling iron . Problem is , 3rd time I used these hot rollers the plastic part of the rollers melted , shorted out the product for good . This was on the medium heat setting . I got it as a gift so do n't have a receipt for warranty . Lame !
 It would be nice if the product delivered actually came with the accessories in the pictures . I purchased this specifically for the wide clips for my wife 's hair . After seeing my wife use it I find that it has those cruddy little metal clips that slide right out of her hair . Mybe Amazon should do a little fact checking and inspect the products they sell before they blindly put pictures on their web site .
 THIS SET CURLED WELL IF YOU COULD OPEN THE LID , BECAUSE IT 'S KIND OF HARD . I BURNED MY FINGERS ON THE ROLLERS , AND I HATE THE CLIPS . THEY DIG MY SCALP . I JUST DID N'T LIKE IT AS WELL AS OTHER SETS I 'VE HAD .
 This product claims to heat up in 2 minutes , but you need to leave it heating for 10 if you want the curls to stay . Even then , the curls only stay for a few hours . I 'm debating spending a little more money for something with longer lasting results . I have long straight hair .
 I do n't know what I expected ... maybe something a little better since it has the Conair name on it . The rollers get plenty hot , but the clips are a pain to use and do n't hold . They also leave crimping in the hair . Wish I had purchased the jumbo rollers with the regular metal clips that hold better . Now I 'm stuck with something I probably wo n't use much .
 The stupid clips they supply leave large dents in your hair . I also did n't feel like they got hot enough to do anything . I have very little curls and a huge dent . Do n't buy this one !
 The clips are horrible . The old school wire ones works much better and do n't leave huge dents in my hair . The curlers work well and heat up quickly . I just wish I had kept the old wire pins from a previous set . I 'll be ordering something else . Not to mention , there are too many small size curlers .
 The rollers literally fell out my first time using them . The clips are horrible and have no grip whatsoever . My hair is slightly past my shoulders and normal thickness . The `` stay cool '' edges of the rollers burned my fingers . I have n't tried any other kind of clip other than what is sold with the set . I ca n't tell you how well they curl because I could n't get the rollers to stay in my hair . I am not happy with these rollers .
 I like how quickly the rollers heat - a vast improvement over waiting at least half an hour . However , like the other reviewer said - I absolutely hate the clips . They are all one size , so they are too large for the smallest rollers . I also do n't like them because they do n't keep the roller still like the `` U '' shaped clips did , and they leave a dent impression in my hair . I do n't recommend them primarily because of the clip system .
 I 'll preface this review by saying that I have been using hot rollers for over 20 years -- pretty much every day . I have hair that is about four inches longer than my shoulders and holds a curl pretty well.I bought these curlers two weeks ago and have been using them daily . The set comes with `` 8 jumbo , 6 large , 6 medium rollers '' and plastic claw clips . The rollers are not actually jumbo.large / medium
 These were well made , great clips , and good reviews . But the bottom line is they just do n't curl my hair . I have noticed the same if I blow dry my hair with one of those ion round brushes too , so I think it is the ion thing that makes them not work . All the other hot rollers I used in the past would lock in curl that would last for days ... so if yoy have naturally wavy/curly hair be cautious !
 Do not buy this machine . Does n't heat hot enough to curl anything , hair falls limp rapidly . This set is terrible , dont waste your money , I just returned mine to Walmart where it belongs .
 There are parts missing and the unit does not work ! IT wo n't heat up at all . Seriously , I want my money back ASAP ! T
 Who would design a hair setter with no place to hold the pins ? They come in a separate pouch , which means it would be too easy to pack the hair setter and forget the pins . The top is flimsy , and although the cord can be wrapped around the bottom , there is no clip to hold it . How much would it have cost to add on a tiny plastic clip or two ? The metal pins are difficult to place , although they do hold well . The curls made with the setter are pretty good , but it seems to me that this little appliance was designed by someone who had never used one and had never consulted anyone who did .
 I 've been curling my hair for over ten years and have tried several curling irons and curler sets inorder to find the perfect match . These curlers were definitely not the perfect match . The clips do n't work very well if at all , letting the rollers fall out of your hair . The curlers themselves get stuck in my hair , and the curls only last about an hour . This was the worst curler set I 've ever tried .
 These hot rollers are completely useless ! I have loooong thick straight healthy hair , and these rollers do not grip or curl well . The clips included are terrible , no grip at all . I hated using these rollers . I have a lot of hair , so I had curl about 1/2 my hair , reheat the rollers and then curl the rest . And the curls did n't even come out well ! I bought this to save time , not waste it . Should of stuck with the curling iron . Amazon return policy was so horrible , I decided not to return . Will be regifting . Amazon is good for buying books and not much else .
 What I ordered was Conair Ion Shine Instant Heat Hair Setter , What I received was Extreme instant heat hair setter.I ca n't review the product because I did not get what I ordered !
 I ordered the Conair Shine Instant Heat Hair Setter which was the same hair setter I had purchased a few years ago , because I was very satisfied with it . I was sent a different model which I found unsatisfactory in several different ways . I was very disappointed with your service , I ordered it online , paid shipping and waited a week , only to receive a different model that I could have purchased at the local Target , not paid shipping , and not waited a week . I wo n't be a return customer .
 The clips that come with this do n't hold my hair up , in fact for most of the size rollers the clips are too small to even clip over the roller . I 'm not that impressed with the hot rollers either . I will try to by separate clips from the store and maybe that will help but have seen better hot roller machines and this one is not that great .
 I 'm trying to grow my hair out , and am at the awkward stage with my bangs . Curling irons were just taking too long , so for the first time in years I decided to try hot rollers again . I read a lot of reviews and decided on this set . I like everything about it , and know that it would do a good job IF the rollers would stay in ! The clips are horrible . They do n't grab very tightly at all , and for an area like around the face it is impossible to get them to stay . The ones that do stay in leave a really weird little crease from where they clip , causing ` cowlick ' type problems . I 've almost been in tears from the result a few nights when I had no option but to go the way I looked or start all over and be late . I just bought another set with the old fashioned skinny wire hooks , as most seem to use the clips nowadays and I do n't see how any clips would not leave creases . These are going in my next garage sale .
 Though they do heat up quickly , I do n't care for the clips . The clips do n't seem to grasp my the curlers well and they leave a crease in my hair -LRB- shoulder length and fine - but I have tons of it -RRB- . The ` velvet ' finish contributes to the curlers sliding right out . Also the edges of the curlers are too hot for my scalp .
 I have used many brands for decades - these rollers have a few issues & I can not not recommend them - I returned them .1 . Putting them back in order is awkward as they have to be fit onto a holder2 . The clips simply do n't hold -- the pin type are much more secure3 . Totally silly to heat the clips -- holds only three at a time and each time you take one off - you put another on - waste of time4 . NO STORAGE for the clips -
 The rollers and clips do not stay in place . The order of placing the rollers in the case when done is awkward and there is no place to store but three clips . It is impossible to control the heat of the rollers . Their is no temperature control .
 I tried on 3 occasions to use these curlers . They are so slick that my hair will not wrap around the curler . There are no prongs to grab the hair to wrap around the curler . Hair sticks up all around the curler and when I take them out , my hair is not curled , it is stuck out everywhere . I boxed them up and put them up on the shelf .
 These may work well for someone with fine , easy to curl hair-but not for me.My very hair is fine , but very thick & straight-so the curl lasts about 2 hours at best , and that 's with spray or other holding product.The rollers never seem to get really hot , and the clips only fit properly on the large size rollers . The smaller rollers just fall out or you get `` dents '' - ugly!The flocking covering probably protects your hair , but it makes using product close to the roots very difficult-you worry about gumming it up.I 've had many styling tools from Conair that I loved-but this is not one .
 I bought this product and have used it for less than 6 months . One of the heating rails has stopped working and the unit melted one of the rollers so it wo n't go back on the roller . The design of the rollers - with a gap all the way through - means you are grabbing close to metal and the heat can be high to the tough .
 Yes , these rollers will curl your hair . But the clips leave significant crimp marks , and there does n't seem to be any way around it . The lovely curls are definitely marred by the marks . Too bad !
 I really like this product , I like the rollers and the fact that it heats up very quickly ; however , the clips to keep the rollers in are terrible . They barely fit around the rollers , and I find I have to restrict my activities -LRB- normal house chores -RRB- when wearing them for fear they 'll fall out . So if there were better clips I would give a full rating , but I 'm really disappointed with the design .
 These were useless . Too heavy to stay in tight with these barely gripping clips . Not hot enough to get my thick hair to curl . Do n't buy these if you have thick heavy hair , worthless ...
 My rollers came with cheap plastic clips that were designed to hold the rollers in place ... only they do n't hold the roller . These clips are absolute garbage and do not hold my thick , wavy hair at all . I 'm 36 years old and have been using rollers for FOREVER , I have never had a problem with another other type of roller set . I have yet to use any with these plastic clips , rather than the traditional metal U shaped pins and needless to say , I will stick with the traditional pin sets from now on.In addition to the clips not holding the hair well , they leave a weird ridge or dent in the curl . It looks ridiculous.Conair , get with it ... stick with the traditional U pins , there 's a reason they 've been used for years -- they work !
 It seems almost impossible to find good hot rollers anymore . This is the third different set I have ordered in the past year -LRB- different brands -RRB- and I am yet again disappointed . I turned it on for a good 45 mins before I used the rollers and they did n't get that hot even in that amount of time . There are no `` pins '' to hold the rollers in your hair , only plastic clips that do n't hold the rollers that snug and every time I move my head it feels like they are going to fall out . I have fairly long hair and there are n't enough of the medium sized rollers , I can only do about one side of my head and that uses them all . For me , by far the most annoying feature is the `` split '' in the middle of the roller . The rollers do n't sit on pegs , they have a slit through the middle and you slide it onto a bar across the case , and that is how the roller heats , which is why it probably does n't get that hot . My hair kept getting caught in the slit and tangled up , it was pulling my hair and knotting my hair and a few of the rollers got so stuck I had to pull some hair out to get them out . Very , very annoying and painful , and I would not buy these again .
 The clips shown are not the clips shipped with the product . They are the clamp type clips and they do n't stay in and leave indentations . Plus , there is no where to store them .
 DO NOT PURCHSE THIS PRODUCT IF YOU WANT WHAT IS ADVERTISED . The supplier of this product is not supplying the product as advertised . The unit should come with the SMART Clips -LRB- Plastic Clips -RRB- but instead is supplied with cheap wire clips that do not secure your hair . I purchased the product because of my fine hair and looked forward to the SMART Clips keeping the hair on the rollers . The Product shown and the insert in the package shows and states I should have these clips.After contacting the supplier I am told that I would have to pay a further $ 4.95 + S/H to get these clips . Well why is this so , if I have paid for them and they were supposed to have these already supplied with the product purchased . The customer service operator was not helpful , rude and refused to let me talk to her supervisor or any one in authority , other then repeating I will have to pay for these supposedly supplied Smart Clips.After the treatment I recieved with the Customer Service people at Conair I would never recommend their products to anyone .
 My last set of rollers finally died after years and years of use and I decided to get a new set . I should have done a bit more homework before purchasing these but I saw that they had a fairly good rating and were a great price so I went ahead and ordered them without actually reading the reviews . These are terrible ! I got the plastic clips as shown -LCB- no issue with receiving the wrong product as others have -RCB- but they are HORRIBLE ! The clips are not nearly large enough for the rollers -LCB- which are themselves not large enough -RCB- . Not only are the clips not big enough to go around the curler and hold it in place but they are too heavy so not being able to `` anchor '' them at the scalp/root makes the whole curler/clip combo fall loose and kid of hang about 2 inches from where they should be . Also , the `` teeth '' are superficial at best and really there 's just a blunt edge to them which leaves a dent/crease in each curl.If it were a matter of clips alone however I would have just said to order a better set separately ; unfortunately it 's not JUST the clips ... the curlers are also crap . They are too small and more importantly do n't get anywhere near hot enough . I have fine to average hair that hits just below my shoulders and usually holds a curl easy , with these rollers my hair had lost 100 % of the curl after just 60 minutes and all I was left with was limp hair covered in `` dents '' from the dang clamps!Do yourselves a favor and spend the extra $ 10 on another set of better rollers .
 I purchased these guys after the heating element on my last set of hot rollers broke ; there were n't a lot of options at retail , and these looked gentle and like the clips would hold . The set I got has the clamp-style clips shown in the photo -LRB- not the older-fashioned u-shaped metal clips . The first few uses , I found that they worked OK if I let them heat up a LONG time -LRB- 20 + minutes or more -RRB- and left them in a LONG time -LRB- until the rollers were completely cool -RRB- . Occasionally they get tangled in my hair because of their design , even though I remove them carefully , but that does n't happen super often . The clamp-style clips do leave undesirable indentations , that last longer than the curl itself . Finally - over a couple of months of infrequent use , they 've basically stopped heating . At this point , whether I heat them for five minutes or 25 minutes , I only wind up with a few curls , and most rollers do n't even heat enough to smooth my hair . I 'm really disappointed with these , since they are a lot of waste for a couple months of a product that does n't actually work as advertised ... they 're definitely not `` instant heat . ''
 I purchased this some time ago , but when new , for some reason I never used it.Pulled it out of the cabinet to try it again , and only ONE curler heated up.So whatever I paid for it , it did n't work .
 The good thing about these hot rollers is that they heat up fast and curl one 's hair well . The bad news is that the large clamp-type clips do not hold the rollers in place . I have thick hair and even then then the provided clips do n't hold . When placing a smaller amount of hair on each roller , the rollers still do n't hold in place . I have to use my old wire clips to to secure rollers . I would definitely not recommend this product due to the instability of the rollers . Forget about walking around . The rollers fall out .
 I used it about ten times in 7 weeks and now the cheap plastic switch does n't work anymore . Needless to say I can not use it , can not turn it on or off . I never left it plugged in when not in use . It did n't get wet . And their warranty is only good for 30 days . In this day and age / throw away society I guess they do n't expect it to last any longer than 30 days before you have problems . Prior to this I owned a Clariol hot roller set for 20 years before it died . I am so disappointed that now I have to add it to a land fill because though it looks brand new it sure does n't work . The set was wonderful but now that it 's broken with no hope of replacement it 's BOO to Conair .
 This is probably one of the worst products I 've ever purchased . Aside from the fact that it burns your fingers -LRB- there 's no way to protect yourself other than to wear silicone mitts -RRB- , the curlers absolutely would not stay in my hair . It 's not as though I 'm a first time hot curler user . I 've been using them for many years . My first try took 15 minutes to get three rollers in and then I gave up . I went back a second time thinking it would be a matter of getting used to a new product . But I just ca n't get used to a new `` badly designed , never should have been manufactured product '' . I ca n't believe this product even got as far as the store shelf . I returned it after my second try which took an hour , I could n't move my head or the rollers slid out and the end result was indeed lousy and I did have the creases that they said would not happen . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!! Shame on you Conair !
 The rollers are nice with the stay cool ends and flocking , but the clips are awkward to use and too big for the small rollers . The clips fit the medium and large rollers , but the rollers still flop around on your head and are not secure at all . The old style wire clips held much more securely and were less awkward to use . I noticed several reviewers said it took practice to use the rollers - if it takes practice to get it to work , it 's not a good product !!!
 I HAVE HAD THESE ROLLERS FOR SOME TIME NOW AND YOU NEED TO BE VERY CAREFUL NOT TO BURN YOURSELF ON THE METAL CLIPS AND AS FAR AS THE LID IT IS VERY INFERIOR AS WELL ... ALTHOUGH CONAIR MAKES A GOOD HOT ROLLER THE ENGINEERS FELL SHORT ON THE METAL CLIPS AND LID ... THE CLIPS CONDUCT HEAT AND BURN YOUR HEAD AND EARS AND THE LID CRACKS BUT AS FAR AS HOW THEY CURL YOUR HAIR THEY ARE THE BEST . I AM SURE THEY HAVE HAD TO HAVE SOME LAWSUITS OVER THIS .
 I bought this the other day and they were $ 22.77 w / Prime Shipping . And now it says almost $ 8 shipping , and $ 29.99 . So that 's weird that it 's so much more expensive now . -LRB- it 's still $ 22.77 @ Walmart . -RRB- Anyways , these did n't curl my hair . They made my hair SLIGHTLY wavy . -LRB- I have naturally straight , thick hair . -RRB- See that girl who posted 2 pictures , one w / curly hair and one w / straightish hair ? The straight hair is what my hair looked like AFTER I left the curlers in for 15 minutes . This is weird , because my hair is normally really easy to curl , and it stays until I wet my hair . My favorite curling iron is Conair 's infiniti curling wand . -LRB- I have the pink one because it supports breast cancer -RRB- . The clips also did n't hold very well . Pieces of my hair kept falling out of the curlers . -LRB- Do n't think , `` Oh , that 's why it did n't curl her hair ! '' because that 's not true . Some of the pieces DID N'T fall out , and even they did n't curl . -RRB-
 I 'm not sure what the exact issue is , but these rollers only curl the bottom of my hair . Maybe 4-5 inches . I suspect this is because they do not get hot enough . The clips are not the worst ever , but they are a pain . They look like they will be nice , but they do n't hold the hair quite as tight as I would like , and they leave a dent every . single . time . My stylist recommended hot rollers to me , saying they are the best way to get a curl that lasts all day , but the curls I get from this barely last an hour . I do n't mean that after an hour the curl is a little limp , I mean after an hour my hair looks like it did before I curled it at all . I have hair that is naturally a little wavy , I usually have no trouble holding a curl . I even used Redken spray starch will is great for holding curls , but still no luck . I 'm very disappointed.Also , I noticed a very recent reviewer complained her set did not have an on/off switch . Mine does have this switch . A big one right on front that you could n't miss . Are there two different models they are shipping at random ? That is a problem .
 Was so excited to use this product because I usually straighten my hair and wanted to switch it up . I have long , thick hair and this did n't work well at all . The clips are useless , they do n't hold my hair . Also , I do n't recommend this product if you have a lot of hair because there 's not enough hot rollers and you 'll have to do 2 rounds . I tried different clips and they held , but when I unrolled the clip the curl that it created was very tight and suzy q like . These rollers are useless , do n't waste your money .
 I do n't believe these are worth the money . They do n't get or stay hot enough to cure . The seller was fine though so no complaints there .
 This is garbage ! The rolls wo n't hold up -LRB- they just slid down !! -RRB- , minimum curling results , only a little curl at the ends an I do n't have think hair . Not happy with this product .
 I have had many sets of curlers , and theses are by far the worst . The plastic `` clips '' to hold your hair on the rollers cause a crease in my hair - that looks very awkward . I called the company -LRB- Conair -RRB- and complained & they said nothing . :-LRB- I took them to the Goodwill .
 These curlers were a complete disappoinment . I have an older version that I needed to replace and the quality of this new set is nothing like the old ones . The size of the rollers is a joke , unless you have very short hair . The clips are large plastic claws that are hard to open and the heating feature of the clips requires you to heat two at a time . I ended up returning these rollers .
 If you like big dents and ridges in the top of your hair left by the roller clips , this product is for you .
 I bought these awhile back and wrote a favorable review on them , but they seem to have become useless somehow . I used to get nice bouncy curls , but now the rollers do n't hold heat and when I unroll my hair it comes out frizzy , fuzzy and kinky . I was shocked because they used to work so well . I 've taken good care of my set , I never leave it on or forget to turn it off for long periods , and I ca n't imagine it wearing out so quickly , especially because I only use them maybe twice a week . I will not be buying another set , I think I 'm going with the BabyLiss hot rollers this time.P.S . They only come with three clips .
 I have had several sets of Conair rollers over the years . The plastic clips that come with this product however are awful . They do n't seem to grip and clasp the roller tightly so the rollers end up flopping around your head and then fall out . I was very disappointed with this product and will go back to using my 10 year old set of rollers .
 get the Caruso steam rollers . I have tried 3 of these conair setters and the Caruso stayed in my thick hair and it was easy . The curls last . They are cheaper and come w a lot of diff . size rollers .
 If you have thicker hair , the rollers WILL NOT STAY IN . Furthermore , the clips will shoot across the room like bullets and become almost impossible to find , while the lovely pink rollers clatter to the floor and manage to roll under any available surface -LRB- perhaps they 're magnetic -RRB- . So you 're bending over to find them , and even more of them spring out of your head causing your long -LRB- but still straight -RRB- hair to cascade down into your eyes , making the search for the pesky little devils that much harder still . I 'm absolutely sure that one of those little clippy deals is still stuck in a potted plant or embedded in plaster somewhere . Maybe two of them . Hard to say . Needless to say , I was late for church.I sure wish that the manufacturer had put a disclaimer on the box .
 I found these difficult to use unless your into burning your hands . After one use they now reside on my closet shelf until I make my next trip to the GoodWill .
 I have used electric curlers for 25 years and this is the worst product I have ever purchased . Extreme heat in 75 seconds ? Lie ! How about mediocre heat in 10 minutes ! Do n't waste your money . Also the clips are terrible and DO NOT secure the curler . Just bad all around .
 If you have medium long to long hair that is thick , this set of hot rollers might drive you insane . The concept is great , but the clips are completely inadequate . They burn your fingers as you try to secure them and just do not seem big or round enough to cover the entire roller around your hair . Several just slipped right out as I tried to secure them , even with small amounts of hair and they hung down instead of more secured to the scalp like they should for optimum curls . I would hesitate to buy them . As far as when you do get one to hold right , the curl comes out nice and if you give yourself some spray , it will turn out ok . Otherwise , I recommend something different .
 I do n't know how many conair hot roller sets I 've bought over my life - 10 , 15 ? They 're ok -LRB- just `` ok '' -RRB- for about a month , then they do n't get hot anymore and are useless . I 've never seen an alternative hot roller set until Caruso , so I 'm gon na give those a try . Conair is a waste .
 I had a Conair Instant Heat Travel Size Jumbo for about 10 years before it got destroyed while moving . I absolutely loved it and wanted the exact same thing but thought it would be nice to have the large and medium sized curlers as well , though I primarily use the jumbo . I was completely shocked when I opened this and saw the size of the curlers . Even the jumbo size were waaaay too small . I use them to give body to my straight long hair and none of the sizes were suitable for that . I immediately shipped it back and ordered the Travel Size like I had before . Very disappointed this was n't what I thought it was .
 I got these and tried them for my hair . I have somewhat thick hair so I got a set with lots of curlers but to my surprise they were tiny rollers . I had to use all the rollers . I tried them on my hair and only the last 3-4 inches was curled . Some curls were so tight and looked a little dumb . Very disappointed ... Gunna buy the Babyliss 30 rollers
 I bought this set because my hair -- thick , absolutely straight and body-less , but very fine -- would not hold curling-iron curl . Chose this one because of the number of rollers , the felt covering , and the plastic clips , which I thought would work fine . Within the second month , one of the rollers became too hot to handle comfortably ; now 3 release so much heat that my fingers burn when I use them , just like the ancient ones that would drip wax after a few years -- not months . In the 3rd or 4th months , the clips began slipping , and now the only ones that hold are the jumbos , which are really too big to do me any good . I wound up buying extra medium rollers -- a pain because they are n't sold on-line but must be ordered by phone . I believe I paid $ 35.00 for the set , plus another $ 9.00 for the extra curlers . I 'm really procrastinating about buying another set of hot curlers because there may not be any that perform better than these . That 's depressing . Because the clips slip so much , the curl is limited to the ends of my hair , so I look a little like the old Midge doll . I use a lot of hair spray , but the curl relaxes after 2-3 hours at the most . I 'm very disgusted that their initial performance lasted less than 2 months . I would not recommend these . I would have returned them , but K-Mart 's return limit is 60 days here , and they had obviously been used . So I 'm in the market again , albeit reluctantly . My ancient Clairol curlers , made in the 70 's , lasted throughout high school , college , and graduate school . Granted , they burned my fingers by then , but I had certainly gotten my parents ' money 's worth !
 I got this set for Christmas . I give it 2 stars because it does heat up fast . What I do n't like about it is I really wanted bigger curlers . Not Conair 's fault . Also , the clips do not hold your hair very well . Especially if you try to roll on the top of your head . They held ok on the sides if you were still . The teeth are just too short to really dig in and hold well . Another thing I do n't like , no on/off switch . Plug it in , it 's on . Unplug it to turn it off . I would just prefer an on/off switch . Returning .
 I remember smelling magazine inserts of the blue and bergundy bottle pour hommes beginning in 2002 , along with the PI cologne . I thought they were great , distinctive modern updates of older colognes -LRB- the Pour Homme advertising originally even seemed to reference a 70 's Givenchy scent , `` Gentleman '' -- the new 2002 tag was `` The Gentleman is back '' -RRB- . For several years the Pour Hommes and the PI were favorites of mines , along with many , many other poeple , so much so that random aquaintances would correctly ID them on me . Slowly the scents became so common , imitated in grocery store bodywashes , that putting on the colognes seemed boring and pointless . Out of a dozen + colognes I bought , including other very common ones like Lagerfeld Classic and the originla Polo , the Givenchy Pour Hommes -LRB- especially the blue label -RRB- and original PI are the only ones that I do n't even enjoy smelling anymore . They were excellent , too good for their own good.Now the older Givenchy Gentleman cologne seems fresher .
 This shampoo does not do a great job cleaning my hair . If I wash my hair the night before it is always extremely greasy in the a.m. My hair has a tendency to be quite oily -LRB- I have long fine straight hair -RRB- but it is even worse with this product compared to other shampoos . It looks and feels soft at the ends but the roots are horrible . I am thinking of using this product once a week and find a better daily shampoo so that I will not have to wash my hair everyday as it is making my hair color fade from over washing . I do like the scent and texture of the product but it just does not seem to work well with my hair type . I am not certain if it is really helping retain the hair color since I have to wash it so often . I will use the remainder of the bottle and then will not repurchase in the future .
 I have been using this product for more than 3 months . I swore that when my big bottle is used up that I would stop using it because it leaves my hair matted after washing it . And yes , I have used their conditioner which is useless . I have coarse hair but this stuff is leaving it like straw , and it dries it out . I have experimented to see if it was this product by using a few others in between uses . Sure enough , it is only after I use Redkin that I experience the undesired results . I can not recommend this brand or product .
 Very confused by the overwhelmingly positive reviews to this , on which I based my purchase . I colored my hair a week ago and avoided washing it with any products until I had received this one , so that I could retain the color longer . Since I was only washing it with water , my hair felt pretty dry and I was anxious for a good wash . Finally lathered up with this - everything seemed good ; shampoo looked and felt normal , nice consistency , etc. . The more I lathered my hair up , though , the more tangled my hair felt . Ended up having tremendous difficulty rinsing it out , as it became extremely matted with the product in , and felt more dry and brittle , rather than clean , even while still wet from the shower.Very difficult to describe , but I had a terrible time managing my hair afterward . I definitely ca n't use this product , myself . It 's possible that it would be better in combination with the conditioner . I do n't usually use conditioners because they cause the opposite problem and leave my hair too slippery and limp . In this case , I think the compensation would be absolutely required.Edit
 I eneded up returning this straightner . I like the width because I have very long , thick hair . But the ends do n't clamp together or all the way down and it does n't work . I would not buy this product .
 I wish I could give this straightener ZERO STARS but I ca n't . I bought this straightener at the beginning of December and after exactly a month , it simply stopped working . I typically have had very good use out of Vidal Sassoon straightening irons but this one is SERIOUSLY below par . The little light turned on which meant there was electricity running to it but it just would not heat up ... AT ALL . It was ice cold no matter what I did and I am returning this to Amazon because it was a complete waste of time and money .
 I ordered this item in october as a birthday gift . It was opened and barely used and now it doesnt heat up at all . The small red indicator light turns on but the iron stays cool as ice . The few times we did try it , it worked well . Too bad we were unlucky enough to get a defective one , either that or it is just very poorly made.Since it was purchased as a gift it wasnt even opened before the return period ended.What a dissapointment . I cant even contact the seller or request an exchange .
 This was a piece of junk . It worked just fine for 3 whole weeks , then it died . Do not purchase this flat iron !!
 Good smelling cologne if you like the smell of the 80 's . I would pass on this cologne . Save your money and get something from Jo Malone .
 Total scam . I ordered a product described as a `` new '' perfume . I received a used tester that looks like it has been refilled . Customer service , when i got in touch w/them said they would process the return , which the still have not after 3 weeks .
 I was just ripped off ! My daughters and I love Stella McCartney 's `` Stella In Two Peony '' and I thought that I had got an awesome bargain with the seller here at Amazon Market Place called Choice Parfum . There was a note that they had just launched their business and I think they are in Australia . So , for my 16 y.o. daughter 's birthday , I ordered as it was advertised , the 2.5 EDT spray for $ 38.94 plus $ 5.95 s & h . The best price that I had seen . It was advertised as being on sale . Well it was the old bait and switch routine . They sent the 1.6 size in a box with no return paperwork or invoice at all ! How convenient ! I sent 2 email complaints through Amazon with no response . I am now disputing this through my credit card company . And , I will pursue this through Amazon . I now notice that Choice Parfum is not to be found now on this website . This is the first time that this has happened to me on Amazon , but who can afford to be cheated in this way ?
 I 've experimented with different shades through the years , so I 've tried various hair color removal products in order for my next shade to go evenly . -LRB- I also find that red likes to stick to my porous ends forever , despite the fact that its a fast fading color ! -RRB- This is one of the worst ones yet . First of all , I doubt this stuff is very gentle . I was wearing an old hair raggy dye shirt and it bleached it so bad it ate through the shirt , creating several huge holes . My goodness , I never thought something could completely ruin my old hair dying shirt . I 've never had anything ` gentle ' do that before ! It 's also liquid-y like water , making the application process real messy . The worst part is it 's very difficult to apply evenly , because once you rub it around your hair clumps to it ... it 's almost a glue-ish texture . The only way I could get it to go on evenly was to comb it through , which I did very little of , since it was literally tearing up my hair . Instead I tried to saturate it as much as I could while rubbing it through.It really started to burn after 15 minutes , so I could n't wait any longer than that . The results were completely uneven . I found it left some red parts almost untouched -LRB- it turned it into a pinkish color -RRB- while some other areas were bleached yellow/orange . What I wanted was the yellow/orange all the way through . I had applied it to the end areas first and let that sit for 5-7 minutes before doing the rest of my hair . Even then , I still found the root area to be almost blonde . So be careful for you will see ` hot roots ' from this stuff quite easily since your scalp area is naturally warmer . So my entire head was real patchy.I 've applied my new hair color , and thanks to the bad results with this product , I decided to go with a slightly darker color than I had originally intended . Now it looks almost completely even , but you can still see some of the red dye at the tips . This stuff is too damaging to use again . Next time I 'll pick up Ion hair color removal . It is gentler to my hair and is much easier to distribute evenly -LRB- plus it does n't bleach at all ! -RRB- The box does lie ... it does NOT simply remove the box color , leaving you with the pre-lightened strands it had created . It will lighten it even more than that , IF you can get it all the way through your hair . This stuff burned my skin as soon as it touched it , and yeah , my poor old shirt has finally made it into the trash ...
 OMG ... I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased . I used Color Oops before-and it was great.I now have three shades of blonde ranging from pale ' '' white-blonde to icky orange ...
 I 've been coloring my own hair for almost 10 years , and tried Colorzap after paying a ridiculous amount of shipping for it . First of all , the box was tattered and beaten up , and second of all , the product is horrible . Try Color Oops -LRB- which is what I usually used , but wondered if Colorzap would be better -RRB- . I had a dark brown to blonde ombre , and was going to lighten my hair before going back to red . My blonde ends did n't lighten at all , the middle of my hair is still nearly black , and the top is a patchy , patchy bleach job . It 's 10:16 pm and I 'm considering running to Walmart to grab a box of bleach to try and even out the color . I 'm highly disappointed and , to be honest , pretty upset . The product was watery and horrible to spread , and gave me knots worse than a rats nest.Sticking with my Color Oops : -LRB-
 Skip it ! This product cost too much for just1 bottle!Plus , it 's chalky and it can take up to 1 hourTo work . . Not happy . . Color oops may Stink , but it works great !
 This `` miracle '' product keeps popping up on MSN by way of annoying pop-ups to proclaim that this is the holy grail anti-aging product of the millenium . Could it be true ? All one needs to do is thoroughly evaluate the ingredients to see it is not worth $ 79 . Let 's start with the two most abundant ingredients in this `` miracle '' product
 With all the hype lately on this product , I can honestly say , I am not that impressed . I still prefer my Arbonne . Arbonne serum is by far a better product with a more immediate effect . I wo n't buy Aminogenesis again . I will stick to my arbonne .
 There seems to be nothing wrong with the product . It was simply too big for the space . I returned it to the company but two weeks have gone by since it was delivered and the company has not even acknowledged that they received it . Needless to say , they also have not returned my money . Amazon should be more careful of the companies that they allow to list .
 This is an extremely harsh product . It 's very runny and pours quickly from the bottle . Breakouts did n't seem to improve that much but they did seem to heal a bit quicker . Skin was softer but if used daily , became irritated and red . Certainly not something I plan on spending money on again .
 This was a bad product ; too old ; no fragrance whatsoever . I tried to contact the seller but got no response . A total waste of money , and very disappointing not to hear back from the seller .
 I started using this because `` Rogaine For Women '' made my scalp hurt & thinned my hair twice as bad -LRB- 2 months of using it -RRB- . I was devistated even more and thought I would try this product , but it has done nothing for me at all . I have not used anything for my situation in over a month & my scalp is no longer sore -LRB- Rogaine -RRB- and I cut my hair -LRB- shoulder length -RRB- and have not used any products on my hair & it is starting to feel healthy again but I still have thinner hair thanks to the Rogaine . I have read that taking Vitamin E Tablets & Biotin will help repair hair from the inside out and there only around $ 3 each at the Dollar Store . Do some research like me and try it out if you have thinning hair . I would not buy this product or use Rogaine as none of these 2 products work . GOOD LUCK !
 I 've had this dryer for over a year . It worked well enough . Then , one time when I went to use it , the handle became very hot , sparks started shooting out of the front of the dryer , and then smoke . I have contacted Conair to see if this is a specific problem for this dryer . So far , I have not heard from them .
 I expected it to suck the gunk out of my skin ... Or at least bring it close to the surface so that i could easily take it off ... it did n't . . too bad for me .
 It does n't do what it 's supposed to do.This gizmo is supposed to clean out the pores and generally clean up the skin on your face . Did n't work for me .
 The only reason for a two star is because it 's human nature to look at the worst reviews first . This is a GREAT product for frizzy naturally curly dry hair when coupled with the conditioner . It detangles long hair and gives it shine and body . The bonus is that i was not charged shipping and handling when i ordered shampoo and conditioner together . Maybe a mistake , or perhaps the vendor provides free shipping for orders over $ 50 .
 I RECEIVED THE NEW SMOOTH LOCK CONDITIONER INSTEAD OF THE DESIRED ADVERTISED PRODUCT
 This blowdryer performed well for the first year , during which I used it approximately once a week , almost always on `` high . '' -LRB- The high setting is very hot , though , and some may find it uncomfortable . -RRB- However , just after one year of use , I tried to use it on low one day , and it stuck there . Something inside came unhinged , and it will not turn off or switch to the high position . I can not figure out how to get it apart to fix , so it is now largely useless to me .
 I did n't give this product a high rating because it takes about 15 min . to heat up which is a lot in my book . When it is done with that it curls your hair but it eventually falls apart . If you touch the curls or someone else does your hair just getts frizzy and wavy . If you want curly hair you should get a perm or a more expensive curling iron but no this product . Maybe it works if your hair is naturally curly but mine is n't so it did n't work wll at all .
 I have very thick , wavy hair , and this iron did NOT work on it at all . It does n't open very wide , the combs pulled my hair , and the steam option just made my hair frizz . I gave it to Good Will . On the recommendation of my stylist , I found a much better iron for much cheaper -- the Hot Tools Professional 170 Watt iron works great and does my hair quickly . I can iron all my hair in only a few minutes , it gets really straight , and it does n't damage my hair .
 This product has a very light weight cord that I have not ever seen on any curling iron or small type appliance before . I tossed the package it came in or I would send it back . It works some times and other times it does n't , like there is a short in it . Do n't waste your money .
 I ordered this item on Amazon because none of the stores in my area carry the chrome curling irons anymore . They only carry these multi-layered barrel irons and they stick to your hair and pull it out as you use the iron , which makes it useless . I am just looking for a plain chrome barrel , 1 '' curling iron , which this claims to be . When I got it , I found that it was not a chrome barrel as described , but the same piece of garbage that I just wasted money on at Target to buy . I am thoroughly annoyed .
 0 stars . I bought one of these in March , and it died in early May - the on button would not turn it on . I bought another -LSB- stupid me -RSB- to replace it ; it was a great price -LSB- hint -RSB- and I guessed I had gotten a lemon with the first one . No , both were lemons , and the second one failed after two months . I am shopping for something else and do n't know what I 'll get , but it darned sure ai n't gon na be another Conair !!! Keep shopping , folks . You 'll regret this purchase . mb
 It wo n't curl my hair . I set it at 15 and I wait and wait and wait and my hair falls flat . My hair can curl with curling irons but not this one !
 I wanted a curling iron for overseas travel -- this one is advertised as DUAL voltage and 220 convertible -- I got it overseas and lo and behold , it is absolutely NOT dual voltage -- what a waste of money and not having this available overseas left me high and dry -- return policy is too cumbersome so I am stuck with a falsely advertised product on Amazaon with no options left !! Will think twice about purchasing anything from Amazon for now on !
 BUYER BEWARE , PRODUCT NOT AS DESCRIBED
 My order was cancelled by the vendor because the item was out of stock . It was in stock when I ordered it and it still shows as being in stock .
 Broken after 3 months ... . Do n't have the box to return it . Not sure what resources I have now . Do n't really want to spend the money on a new one ... but I guess I have to . Very disappointed as this curling iron was a replacement of the same one I hade for years .
 Initially I thought this iron was great but after less than 6 months of very light use & good care , the power button is not working . I tried changing to a different heat level & that worked a couple of times but now is completely dead . The power button appears fine so there must be a short wire inside the iron . Boo ! This makes me wonder if Amazon.com receives defective items hoping to sell cheap ? According to amazon , Ibought this less than 6 months ago . Disappointed !
 I got this curling iron , and when I tried it out , it did n't curl my hair . I do n't recommend wasting money on this piece of junk .
 I had to return this product . I bought this as a gift for my sister and she said that it did not get very hot.She could not even put curls in her hair .
 I 'm having pain in my arm and shoulder from trying to reach and press down on the clamp . I have to position my hand over the numbered dial versus the handle because the position of the clamp is difficult to reach and press down . I have n't seen any reviews mentioning this but about the time I started using the curling iron , I began experiencing unexplained pain . It could be a coincidence but for me , this curling iron is very awkward and uncomfortable to use . I find that reaching and pressing the clamp down is a very uncomfortable maneuver .
 I bought this for $ 15 at a CVS thinking it was a different model I had looked up on the Internet . I got home to find out that this was not so , but decided to try it out anyway ... WHAT a mistake . I have the thinnest hair in the world , therefore making it the easiest to curl . This thing would n't give my hair any shape . After holding my hair on the iron for 20 seconds , I still did n't get a single curl . Save your money for something nicer .
 Even though it says the cord will swirl so it does n't twist up but the swirl is so tight it does n't work . I find my self constantly untwisting it . I am about to by another one for I just ca n't take it any more .
 I got this curling iron in an emergency situation the day of my event . It did heat up very fast , but it made my hair so dry . The curls did not stay and were very strange looking . I felt like I was doing major damage to my hair . I ended up having to re-curl my hair with my flat iron , which did a much better job -LRB- except my hair was still dry -RRB- . This item is going back .
 Update 1/23/2013
 It does n't work well at all . Leaves hair straight again the moment you run your fingers through them . Even though it 's cheap in terms of the cost , it 's still not worth it .
 I decided to ignore the other reviews thinking it could n't be as bad as what people said . This curler made my really straight hair straighter than before I started curling it . It maybe would curl my ends if I used enough hairspray and held it in the curl for a long time . Also the cord is not very long and the tip -LRB- as other reviewers have said -RRB- is pretty hot to hold on too . Do not purchase
 I bought this curling iron after my cheap Revlon die after 5 years of faithful service . I read the reviews and they basically looked good and the price was reasonable . And it worked for three months . But I began noticing the click button took more and more attempts to get it `` on '' . Yesterday I clicked desperately for 15 minutes trying to get ready for church . Let 's just say I looked pretty sad and went to a store immediately afterwards and bought a new one.Also , while it still worked , the rest metal bar seemed to always be at odds with either my hand or my hair.Bottom line , you could do better . Keep looking .
 OK , so after reading all of the reviews on this product my wife buys one . Well , in about 6 weeks the iron wo n't heat anymore . Sent it in got a new one because of the 2 year warranty -LRB- cost $ 10.00 for shipping & handling plus they wanted $ 3.00 for themselves -RRB- . She used it about 4 months and then the little spring breaks . Having used other curling irons over the years and having had to replace the springs , we thought to call Conair and have them send us a replacement spring , about a $ .10 item which takes about 60 seconds to replace . Well , they no longer sell the springs . The wanted to have us pack it up again and spend another $ 10.00 for shipping AND send them $ 3.00 to boot . Who are they kidding ? What kind of service are they giving their customers . I will never buy another Conair product . I gave this product only one star because I could n't go any lower .
 I LOVE this curling iron . It is great but after several years the spring will break inside and you need to replace . I bought this and when I received I found out that Conair has replaced the metal stand that is in the picture with a cheap little piece of plastic that does not even hold up the curling iron . I have to return because it ruins the whole product . Beware , I also went to Target and that is how they are making them now . They need to correct the picture . UPDATE
 The first one I bought used it and loved it . The second time I went to use it I started to smell something burning . OK so I pulled the plug and waited and then tried it again . Would n't even get hot . Emailed Conair and wasted time with them so I just returned it to the store . I went and got another one this week and it worked the first time and the second time I could n't get it even to warm up . So back it goes . What are the odds of it happening twice unless they can from the same batch ? Does that make sense . Lets try for the third time and see what happens .
 I will not waste my money again , i love my hair curled but this thing does not work . I have very thick hair and its wavy to so i know its not the easiest thing to curl so i take very very little strands and curl them . Well this curling iron only works on half of it , it only gets hot about half way up . Also once i finally get it curled it comes out in the next hour . I wouldnt recomend this at all .
 I would love this if it did n't have this little plastic tab at the top of the barrel that sticks out . I guess it 's supposed to help keep your hair on the hot part . But in actuality it means you ca n't pull the iron down through the curls unless you lift up on the handle thing . Every time I tried to take out the barrel my hair would snag on this useless piece and it would knot up my hair . The dumbest design ever .
 I bought this exact curling iron in a 11/4 inch . I was so excited after reading many good reviews . This was junk ! I let it heat up for several minutes before trying it and my hair would not hold a curl . I was so disgusted . I am in the process of returning it ... hopefully it wont be a hassle !
 Though I 'm an Amazon Prime member , I actually bought this at Walgreens . I picked it because of the many heat settings . My hair curls super easily and holds a curl for days so I wanted really , really low heat to prevent damage to my hair . For some reason , even at the lowest setting this was way , way too hot . I want a setting that wo n't burn my fingers when I touch it . I 'm thinking it may have been defective . If anyone can recommend a curling iron that actually has a very low heat setting , I would very much appreciate the help . Thanks !
 This hair dryer is very quiet , but understand that quiet equates into less a powerful blower . The 1875 watts only means that it can still get the air HOT , and this dryer will still do that . It was working fine until I was using it this past weekend and my hair got sucked in through one of the side air vents . The dryer sucked my hair in and then stopped the fans from running completely . I will not use this dryer again . My advice , if you have long hair , stay away from this one ! -- Joey
 I have n't had the `` hair-sucked-in '' problem , but the motor on my dryer did burn out after just a few months of use . I have to say that I did enjoy the quiet operation for the period of time that it was functional , but I have never had a hair dryer that died so quickly . I would shop for a better model before buying this one .
 This hairdryer also sucked my hair in , requiring a massive trim job to fix the hairs it did n't completely rip out of my skull . This is the worst hairdryer I 've ever owned -LRB- for only 2 months ! -RRB- and would n't recommend it to my most hated enemy . I personally would rather have the noisiest hairdryer on the planet than this one , which is dangerous and definitely does not `` care '' for hair .
 I just purchased this hair dryer just before Christmas -LRB- Yes , I purchased it from ... and threw away the receipt and now am stuck with it . Should have just bought it on Amazon . I will the next one ! -RRB- Well after a few days of using it and turning it on to high for about a minute or so , it started to smoke and spark and get very red and smell like it was going to catch on fire . It seems that the motor gets too hot and it ca n't handle the temperature . -LRB- I did learn that the 1875 is a number for heat , not power -RRB- Even if you have it on medium , it still does it . It does n't have much power either . Just thought I would warn you ! I tried to get in touch with the company and have had no luck with that either . Always keep your receipts !
 I 've had this dryer for about 7 months and noticed that it has air intakes on the side of the dryer , thus allowing the quietness . These intakes sucked my hair in and I HAD TO CUT IT OFF to get it loose . It started to burn my hair . Be careful if you have one and do n't buy it if you do n't !
 I had the same problem with the side vents on this hairdryer . As my hair started getting longer the problem increased . Then today it ate a huge chunk of my hair which then caught on fire and stopped the fans . I would avoid this hairdryer !
 Great product , quiet , and it dries - but it overheats often -LRB- dangerously hot -RRB- . After doing some research it looked like I was n't alone either ...
 I have used this product for several years and have been extremely happy with the results . It really does lift the face over time and make you look ten years younger . However I am not happy with this seller because they are asking twenty one dollars more than if I bought it from the company direct .
 It 's not all that great dose not cut good at all . You have to run it thro your hair 2 or 3 times before it cuts watse will have to buy new ones again
 I searched around for a quite long time before I decide to purchase this model - the performance of this clipper is very poor , I have to switched back to my old kit to cut my son 's hair . Very dispointed .
 This thing stinks . I shave my head weekly with a trimmer , and my old one was on its last legs so I ordered this . It did n't even make it through one haircut . The blades jammed up . Not with hair , they just were stuck together or something . I greased it up with the little tube of lube it came with , no luck . I took it apart to see if there was hair in there but there was n't . So after completely disassembling this thing and putting it back together I got it to work for another minute . Then it froze again.I had to dig my old clipper out of the trash to finish my haircut . I am returning this piece of junk .
 I 've been buying products from Amazon.com for years but have neverwritten a review . This product inspired me to do so . I have used it three times and a friend once . It binds up and pulls thehair unless you move at a snails pace . It takes me at least 20-30 minutes for what should be a quick buzz cut with one attachment . I have since ordered a different product and plan onsending this to the landfill .
 I 've been using WAHL clippers for the last 15 years , and this is by far the worst . All of the screws on the clipper vibrate loose after about 5 minutes of use and then it gets loud enough to make your ears ring . I even tried tightening all of them again , but they all vibrated loose again . I 'll be looking for a different brand .
 Upon receiving this unit , I had my hair cut with it . The piece failed miserably with multiple painful snags and a haircut that used to take maybe 5 minutes nearly 30 . Details of the haircut is longest length was maybe an inch cutting down to a 1/4 . Yes , pretty much failed a buzz cut .
 I bought this product to cut hair and on the cover was '' Quiet But Powerful '' . Yeah and I have a peice of moon property to sell you ... I should have suspected from the inferior casing and badly packed pieces just thrown in at random with no contoured or individual spaces.This thing is LOUD , VIBRATES worse than a badly packed washing machine and needs 4 or 5 passes to cut hair ! It leaves your wrist sore from the vibration and ears numb from the noise.If you handle chain saws then this is for you , if you want something quiet , friendly that does n't scare your child then look elsewhere ... I know I am.What a piece of junk !
 I order this and was delighted with its appearance , but it literall jerked my hairs out and was excruciating , even with a high pain tolerance . I tried various times unsuccessfully to correct this by oiling and following the mbiguous `` instructions '' and `` diagrams '' on how to align the blades , but nothing helped.Have returned to my barber at $ 10/per cut .
 I had a Wahl Clipper pair before . It was a good pair of clippers . The pair I owned previously was white and black as pictured in your ad . That was the pair I wanted again . The pair I have now does not perform like the previous pair . So I 'm stuck with the pair Ihave
 I 've purchased this product twice , thinking I just got a bad set on the first purchase . Nope , both are crap.When you use them out of the box , they simply do n't cut hair well . They pull and tug and rip out hair . . and barely at that . They bind up with just the tiniest bunch of hair -LRB- my hair is very short -LRB- less than 1/8 '' -RRB- and thin , so it 's not like I 'm overloading the clippers.I noticed that the front set of teeth did not appear to be vibrating back and forth ; they seemed to be mostly holding still . I 've tried changing the position of the little control wheel that you can turn with a screwdriver , and this helps a little but then the things growl so loud you ca n't stand to have them by your ears.I tried slightly loosening the `` fixed '' set of teeth -LRB- I know there 's a more technical term . . maybe they 're just called ` blades ' ? -RRB- thinking that the front set was pressed too tightly on the back set and that 's why the front would n't vibrate and cut . That seemed to help a bit but then soon after the vibration causes the back teeth plate to become very loose and then then the clippers wo n't cut again .10 years back I owned some clippers from Oster , I believe , and they were beautiful . Worked perfectly , smoothly , quietly , right out of the box ; just like you would expect.I would n't have another Wahl product if you paid me .
 It is a bad product that I can not even used on the first time to cut hair .
 Ok , so the Wahl brand is a good one in my mind , so I thought for sure I was safe purchasing this haircut kit even though it was the cheapest I could find on Amazon . Well , apparently Wahl makes cheap China quality stuff too.I first opened the thing up and tried to give myself a haircut one night around 11:30 PM . Sure enough everything I needed was in there , full selection of guards and trimmer attachments etc. . It also came with full color directions on how to cut your own hair which was nice . Great . I prepared to let some hair fly.I have thick hair to begin with , but I figured I 'd start a little longer than I usually need and then trim down from there . I started with a No. 5 trimmer attachment . Well , long - VERY long - story short , I did n't actually finish the haircut until well after 1 AM . Granted , I 'm more of a hair-cutting novice than anybody , but the fact is these here clippers are as weak as snot . They jammed literally every 3 seconds of cutting . Oh , and I ended up with a No. 7 length haircut simply because it would NOT cut my hair with the No. 5 . About halfway through I realized that there had to be something wrong and I scoured the owners manual for a troubleshooting guide . It said you can actually turn up the clipper 's power with the adjustment screw on the side . So , after ruining the little plastic screwdriver they sent in the kit to no avail , I got a real screwdriver and adjusted the power . Ok , it was a lot better -LRB- I could actually CUT the hair -RRB- , but it still jammed probably every 15 seconds . I would stop , knock out the little remnants of hair in the clippers , sometimes take the plate off , blow on it , put it back together and most of the time it worked . Sometimes it did n't and I would have to insert various heated insults into the process.The kit was cheap enough that it would be too much trouble to send back so here 's a lesson for me
 I purchased this Clipper last year as a back-up for my old Wahl Clipper which I thought might be nearing the end of its life . My old clipper died this week -LRB- after YEARS of use -RRB- , and I opened this replacement model . Even the outside case was inferior in quality to my old model , and when I turned it on , it hummed feebly , but would not actually cut hair . Beware .
 They have to be lubricated several times during a hair cut . My hair is very short and this is unusual . If you do not go over every area of your head at least 5 times you will have tiny haris sticking out . I spent more on these clippers thinking they would be better . I would have been better buying a cheap pair at Walmart , which I normally do .
 Says aligned and oiled at factory ... Not even assembled . `` Cutting '' blade in box . . Get in on and oiled ... PULLED my hair out , did n't cut ... You can tell by the noise these wo n't cut ... JUNK do n't buy ...
 Out of the box teeth did not move - realigned teeth - oiled - turned up power teeth moved noise very loud.scratched neck pulled hair so I went back to old clipper . I have been using trimmers for 15 + years its probably one bad out of 100 but I got it so a bad review I had Wahl and Sunbeam in the past they worked great .
 Was impressed by the attachments and the how-to video but the clippers were of poor quality and pulled on hair rather than cutting it . My 5 year old was in tears within 30 seconds of use . I returned mine for a refund . Make sure you test clippers before buying it
 For about the past 12 years , my wife has been cutting my hair . Normally , I keep my hair short in a crew cut , which makes cutting it a snap.We had an older Wahl clipper which did the job quickly and painlessly . But , it 's getting on in years , so when this turned up in my gold box , I jumped on it.What a horrible mistake.These clippers simply do n't clip . What they do is pull on the hair . They rip the hair out . They hurt ! I wind up flinching with each pass as my wife cuts my hair . In the past , haircuts simply were n't a big deal . Now , we both dread them.My wife has to move so slowly with these clippers -LRB- so that the hair gets clipped and not yanked out -RRB- that what normally takes about 5 minutes now takes 20 + . If you 're looking for a good set of hair clippers , pass on these .
 Concisely put , the product has no hold , nor does it ever dry . It does have a high amount of shine , but that is about the only quality it offers . Given the high price of the product , one would expect it to perform well in some area , but it truly is nothing remarkable in any category I found after 2 weeks of use . Save your money on this one .
 I ordered Ralph Lauren HOT & received Ralph Lauren WILD , a huge mistake ! I tried calling this company , never got a call back , also e mailed them & never got a response ! I 'm very disguisted about spending $ 50 on something that I did n't oreder or even get acknowledgement on . I received an e mail from Amazon confirming my purchase of HOT & also the packing slip from this company clearly stated Ralph Lauren HOT . Very unsatisfied
 Ralph Lauren Hot is the only perfume I wear , so of course I was disappointed to find out it was discontinued . I was ecstatic when I found it on here , so of course I ordered it . The perfume I was sent is NOT Ralph Lauren Hot . The bottle and the box say that it is but one smell and it is obvious it is not the same perfume !
 I have been trying to obtain a return authorization from Tuccini for two weeks now and they have refused to resopond to my repeated requests . The perfume box I received had been previously opened and I do n't want used perfume !
 I love this new scwnt by Ralph . It is a sofisticated yet sweet scent . When I first tried it gave me a calming feeling .
 Maybe it was my own fault in believing in a price that was too good to be true for my favorite perfume that was recently discontinued by the brand . However , I was really disappointed that a company , such as this one , is able to claim that they only sell authentic brand perfumes , no knock-offs , when the perfume was not only a knock-off , but then they had the audacity to tell me that it was genuine . Having worn and smelled like this perfume for the past 5 years , there was no doubt in my mind that the off colored , leaking bottle of watered down hairspray was not my signature scent . Seriously disappointing .
 I 'm sorry to those of you who liked this scent ... I mean no disrespect but I think this perfume is awful . I tried it in the store and had to scrub vigorously when I got home . It is sickly sweet and my poor boyfriend drove home w / his head out the window he disliked it so much . I 've heard that many of the Ralph perfumes are light and easy to wear but on me Hot was unbearable . I smelled like a nursing home dessert tray for hours.Best of luck but be warned !
 Bought this for my mom cause she seemed to like it in the store . She ended up just giving it to me . Smelled nice the first time , but after that it just made me sick . Personally , it 's just way too ... sweet for me . I just ca n't handle perfumes like that .
 This Face & Body Moisturizer gave my entire many face rashes . It 's the worse product in the market . It 's the absolute poison !
 well I got it cheaper than retails stotes but its after shave was dried out already !
 I have very oily skin and acne . I tried to use this to lighten the acne scars . I tried to use this 3 times a day but thats really unrealistic . I was only able to use this twice a day for about a month . I did not see any difference in my skin except I broke out a lot . I stopped using it to see if it had to do with the creme and when I stopped using it my acne subsided . This is not worth your money . I have not been able to find any creme that actually lightens acne scars and sun damage . i did not purchase this from Amazon .
 I bought Revlons Power Eyeliner in `` Fishnet Jet '' -LRB- black -RRB- . The instructions say to shake it with the cap on , open , then tap the excess powder off . Which I did . I then applied a quick like to my lid . Nice . Dark . Sexy . Then I did my lower lid , and as Im doing it , I see my cheek . COVERED IN POWERED EYELINER . Oh well . I always do my eyes first before the rest of my make-up so I can fix up spills or whatever . So I do my other eye and again , powder all over my cheek . And my hand . All the waaaay down my hand ! I go to the bathroom to try to get it off my cheeks . This stuff is n't budging and it 's just smearing all over my face . I then tried to take it off my eyes . I went from thick bedroom eyes with black powder all over my face , to holy-moly trash looking . I break out the eye make-up remover and scrub . The remover gets in my eyes -LRB- because I have to scrub SO hard -RRB- and the `` powder '' now `` liquid '' liner is making me look more like a dead person , than anything that belongs in the bedroom!Good Gosh . DO NOT BUY THIS STUFF!I plan on practicing a few more times with it , but good grief , I can use black eye shadow for a much cleaner look without all of the scrubbing my eyeballs out .
 I got this to go with the Just Bitten plum wicked lip stain . The colors look nice together , but this powder eyeliner is difficult to apply . When it touches your lashes it flakes all over your face . It did last overnight though . I would n't buy it again .
 this was way too messy for me , more of the powder residue landed on my cheek than on my eyelid , you would do better with a q-tip than the applicator in the bottle . . the first revlon product i did n't like
 When I saw this , I thought it would be a convent way to fix my make-up throughout the day . Now I wish I could take it back , I only used this product once , but regretted it . It smeared constantly , after laughing , it looked like I was crying black , and was difficult to take off . It would not shade in the way I wanted it to , I would have been better off just using eyeliner .
 I am constantly looking for powder liners that give a smokey effect . So , when I heard that revlon came out with this in a `` limited edition '' form I purchased every color they made ! Now I have all the colors that I can not use . All the product does is go all over your face . Mind you the powder is quite indelible . When you try to wipe it off it just smears all over . If you do decide to try this do n't try it out when you are in a hurry because you will have a BIG MESS !
 I do n't know if this stuff actually works , I do know it makes your hair look and feel terrible after you apply it . My hair does not look good until after I shampoo this stuff out . And Wow ! is it expensive , you could get monoxodil and/or propecia for this much .
 It dries up hard like you put a gel on . Then it is quite hard to comb after it dried . I will stick with the Follicle Booster .
 This product arrived leaking in the packaging . I returned it and am waiting for my refund . I use the product on a regular bases and have only ordered it one other time from Amazon . Hopefully this is not a recurring thing .
 I 've used it for about 7 months . If there is any difference , I am losing more hair !! Please use it with causion !
 Bought it for my Wife . She likes the other Hugo boss Red and Davidoff Cool Water more than this one . She does n't use this one at all - says gives her a headache and is just too strong .
 I 'm not really a fan . What I get from this fragrance is amber and citrus , and the two bodies of notes are n't well mixed . They do n't seem to work well together at all . This fragrance seemed to be in a constant state of discord - it just did n't gel for me .
 I had the 2006 version and I hated the smell of this one . I have since given the bottle away .
 While I love the perfume itself I had wayyyyy too much trouble getting it . The company did n't scan it right so it did n't arrive until almost a month after I ordered it ... and that was after I emailed them about it twice !! On top of that I ordered a 5oz bottle and the one I recieved was 3.4 oz and when I emailed them they said it was Amazon 's fault and that they scanned it wrong . So I did n't get a refund or a new bottle like I asked . Very disappointed since I was really looking forward to getting the perfume because it 's nice .
 I 've been so excited to receive this perfume . I 've owned it before and love the way it smells . However , DO NOT BUY this item from Amazon . It came bubble wrapped in a box . I could smell it from outside the box which I thought was a little strange . So , when I opened the package , the perfume had leaked out EVERYWHERE ! I am so irritated . So much leaked from this 32 ounce bottle that I might as well have paid tor a 24 ounce !! Do n't waste your time on this . You can find this perfume in stores and the price is n't much different . Now my entire house smells like this perfume because of how much had leaked out onto the box and the bubble wrap . The bottle is cheaply constructed and it is leaking from the bottom AND the top !!! what a waste of $ 35 !
 I did n't get a shine from this product but it did dry my hair out severely . It 's mostly alcohol so it 's no wonder my hair felt like straw and seemed brittle , I wo n't use it again .
 I have on numerous occasions purchased Alfred Sung Forever . It is one of my favorite perfumes . But this last bottle purchased is a disappointment . The perfume does not smell . I do n't know if it has been sitting on the shelf a long time or what . But I 'm not satisfied with this bottle .
 I 'm a fan of Alfred Sung 's fragrances and recently decided to try Forever . Do believe this was possibly old product as it had very little fragrance . Was disappointed .
 This perfume smells too sweet but it 's just my preference but the Shi smells fresh n nice ... a more mature scent
 Thought I 'd test it out on my hubby , wore it on a couple of romantic weekends we had plus out to clubs or social events just to see what kind of response I would get and I did n't notice even a 1 % difference in response , and in fact it made me kinda of nauseas when I wore it . I used just a drop behind my ears mixed with my perfume oil . I do n't know , just seems like my husband was less attentive when I wore it . We have great chemistry otherwise so I guess I 'll stick with mother nature .
 I tried this thinking that it would be a miracle thing which would make me a magnate . Boy , was I wrong !!! Most Sri Lankan females found this extremely offensive , even after an application of just one drop.But then , I 'm kinda glad that this did not work , for I met someone subsequently and she liked me for me ! Not because of what I was transmitting artificially .
 Terrible ... I used to to give it a 5 star review ... The best product ever ... until recently.I have been using MM since college in 1989 . My hair is short and very fine and just a small amount -LRB- a little dab if you will -RRB- kept my hair looking neat and not frizzy.The manufacturing process has gone awry -LRB- apparently -RRB- . MM now has a grit in every unit . This grit is like large grains of sand that can not be removed . The grains make your hair look like you have dandruff . Its terrible ... because this was such a great product . And to answer the obvious question
 I have been using Potion 9 for several years . I like it that it can protect hair -LRB- allegedly -RRB- and functions like hair gel which holds curves just enough . My review is about their new package , the pump bottle . I must have gotten a defective one as I was not able to pump anything out . I called the customer service number on the bottle to ask for a replacement . After being transferred 5 times , talking to 5 live people one after another , I finally got the number of Sabastian Professional Satisfaction Guarantee department -LRB- 1-877-NO-RISK-9 -RRB- . Problem is the guarantee is for 60-days after purchase , and mine already elapsed . Eventually I had to take the whole pump mechanism apart and fish the product out through a hole in order to use it.For those who buy this at local stores , make sure the bottle works before walking out of the store .
 Scent is pleasant enough yet almost too light and not at all long-lasting . I did n't notice any special pheromone effect and while my bf thought the scent was ok , he did n't notice anything out of the ordinary . Had a friend try it out and she reported no pheromone effects either . Next time I 'll be spending $ 50 on my favorite perfume instead .
 I think it 's worth mentioning that I did n't purchase the Scent of Eros roll-on pheromone perfume in the hopes of attracting potential suitors . I 'm not * that * naive . But in reading through comments and reviews , it appeared that this product in particular focuses on the chemicals that make people more likely to be attracted for conversation . And that was exactly what I needed . You see , I 've just started a new business and having even the slightest advantage on building instant rapport will help me close a sale . And I thought Scent of Eros might give me the edge I was wanting . That was a mistake.First impressions were that this is something made up in someone 's basement . Generic glass bottle , the label looks like it was printed on a home inkjet printer -LRB- running low on cyan -RRB- and glued on by hand . No security seal at all . Just a little glass bottle like you find at any craft store , rolled in bubble wrap and Scotch tape.As for the desired effect , there really is none . It is lemon scented which is n't bad , but I do sort of feel like I 've been dusting the house all afternoon . I do n't find that people are any more or less desiring of my company and conversation . In fact , my relationships in-person are identical to those over the phone . The few times I have worn Scent of Eros on an actual date have all ended in disaster -LRB- and blocked telephone numbers -RRB- while non-pheromone 'd encounters were pleasant and I still talk to most of them.So , moral of the story , kiddies . Do n't believe the hype . This product is all snake oil and lemon scent .
 I have yet to notice any difference when wearing it - I was n't expecting people to fall over themselves but some change would be nice - I wore it for a few days straight , but nothing .
 This product does n't really work for me . I 've tried multiple ways of distributing the dose and tried a variety of cover smells for a couple of weeks with no results . In fact it does n't seem to work with my body chemistry at all . I 'm kind of bummed actually !
 I just received Scent of Eros two days ago . It smells disgusting . Against my better judgment , I ignored the other reviews that mentioned the strong urine smell of this product . The scent is there in the bottle and on the skin . It took an hour of rubbing my skin with an alcohol soaked cotton ball to rid myself on the stench . Thank goodness , I was smart enough to use this at home first.It is important to note , that I can not comment on the effectiveness of the product . Maybe it works and maybe it does n't ! However , I do n't need to smell like a NYC subway station to attract men . There are better products out there just do some research .
 I hate the smell . . It smells good at the beginning , but soon you will stars stinking like baby urine.Too much money for a little bottle of smelly urine .
 Worn the ` scent ' three times now with no noticeable effects on the opposite sex at all . Beginning to think its a dud .
 I 'm going to be honest . I do n't believe pheromones really work . For those who are in 20 's will not talk to you . All of them did n't show any reaction . It might work on people who are 30 's or older , but not for young adults like college students . I really HIGHLY DOUBT IT .
 I tried this out . I have n't noticed a difference in regards to female attraction . When a girl was close enough , where her face was on my neck , she could smell it , because that 's where I put it and she said I smelled good . But , if she 's already that close , chances are that I do n't really need any further help . They make it sound like it is a chick magnet . No , I did n't get girls swarming toward me when I put this on . It does smell good though .
 ... and remained skeptical enough to not buy this worthless product . That 's how many products are sold
 I just got it in mail last night and , I did not smell ANYTHING at all ... . Like water ... but it was a sealed bottle ... Obviously , there was no response from ladies either.Anybody had the same experience , contrasting what some other people are describing above ?
 put 2 drops on ... and the girl I love and I were at each other the whole night . I could n't figure out what was the problem . We usually are goo-goo eyes with each other . This stuff messed up my night pretty much .
 Purchased NPA based off the high rating and positive feedback from buyers . I have to admit , this does n't smell as bad as some people have said . It does n't have a potent odor or anything . I shook it as the directions said , grabbed my bitch club in case they came swarming ... and nothing . Ok , little humor there . I purposely closed in on females and their demeanor towards me was the same . No instant leg spreading , no flirting , nothing . It was just ... normal . Men do n't act aggressively because I 'm wearing this stuff . I 'm not approached with more respect either . Things are just ... normal . I 'm thinking this does n't work at all . But I 'm still sticking with my guns by continuing to wear it . Who knows ... maybe this is one of those products where 80 % of the time it works everytime . However , it 's at 0 % right now . As of now , no way in hell I 'd purchase this again . Time will tell . If you do n't have 30 bones to spare , do n't try it thinking this is instant pussy in a bottle . You 're better off spending that 30 bucks on an escort for some quick head . Just saying ...
 Pheromones are not for me , and this stuff stinks . If you want natural attraction from YOUR OWN pheromones , eat a lot of celery . This is scientifically proven to turn women on . Good luck .
 i tryed it eager to see how it would work , and i got nothing . no difference what so ever no reaction no results nothing out of the norm yes i smelled good , but thats because i laced it with my regular dosage of prada blue . . i guess the hunt goes on for the perfect potion
 This lotion smells AWFUL . As in ... I needed to wash my hands after I applied it because the smell was hideous . I would describe it as a musty old house smell combined with old lady perfume . So , so , so bad ... yuck . I can not imagine anyone smelling this on their hands and thinking , &#34; Wow ! this smells good ! &#34; I know everyone has different scent preferences but this one just plain stinks .
 Product came without the box pictured . It was meant to be a gift . I was disappointed that it was not delivered as shown .
 Product does not seem as long lasting and as strong as same item purchesed in major department store
 I got this perfume and the top had broken during shipment and it leaked out a little . I did n't like the smell of it very much anyway . I 've worn it about a week and have n't touched it since . It smells cheap to me -LRB- it was cheap hah -RRB- it does n't make me go crazy to smell it more and more like perfumes I like . I think I will end up using this for a restroom deodorizer or something .
 I purchased two of these , one to give as a gift to my sister and both of us agree , this perfume does not last half an hour . I dont think it is the real thing . Too bad for me it has been d/c at stores and thought I scored when I found it on Amazon . Dont even care to use it anymore it just sits inmy perfume cabinet and everytime I see it gets me upset that it is not what I wanted .
 smells different and made in the usa . i threw away the box or i would return it . it 's definitely bootleg .
 Of the three hand creams I purchased from Crabtree & Evelyn , the Summer Hill was the one I most excited to try . The scent is disappointing . In fact , I use another hand cream with a different scent to mask the fragrance of the Summer Hill . I will not buy the product again .
 Each bag has three sachets
 Way too much burn for me ! Feels and smells like regular rubbing alcohol going on . Guess I will stick with straight up witch hazel -LRB- 14 % alcohol -RRB- .
 The hand cream was so old it had lost it 's lavender fragrence . But worse than that it had changed to a foul smell . I had to throw it away .
 I bought this cream in a local store before and like it . But for this one , the container is different from the one I bought before , the botton part is very loose and can be taken apart very easily . I do n't feel the cream as the same as the one I bought before . In a summary , it 's suspicious to me . I will just buy it in local store or Shiseido 's website .
 I do n't mean to be the only bad review on here , but I had to quit using this product . It was recommended to me by several people and I tried it for about 3 weeks . Yes , you do n't have to use much . Yes , it lathers easily . Yes , it smells divine . But other than those 3 things , I did n't see any change in my hair other than IT STARTED FALLING OUT ! Huge bald spots in my hairline so it was visible ! OMG . As soon as I realized that the only change I had made recently was this shampoo and conditioner , I stopped using it immediatly and my hair stopped falling out . I just hope it grows back in sooner rather than later .
 Unfortunately I was sent the wrong conditioner-was in a white bottle instead of the pick one-too much trouble to return
 After you use Sui Dreams by Anna Sui you cant even tell ... the smell fades away in minutes . I have used the whole bottle in less than two weeks , it is like spraying water on yourself . The bottle I bought from the store few years back lasted for a very long time to the last drop . Do not buy this product.Sui Dreams by Anna Sui for Women - 1 oz EDT Spray
 I was sent a envelope which contained a plastic bag with powder inside . I ask again `` ARE YOU KIDDING ME ? '' How do you use the product ? Did you think to include instructions ? Is this how this product is normally packaged ? And if it is ; `` CHANGE THE WAY YOU SHIP THIS PRODUCT '' ! This could be anything other than what you advertised . Truly disappointed ! Response required !
 This product does not firm up loose skin at all . If that is what you 're looking for , skip this product and save yourself some money .
 batteries not strong enough to do the job , nail file is too harsh , and tips are to large . used twice , not satisfied with the results . B Gibson
 I received the HoMedics Manicure system and found it to be an absolute waste of money . The motor did n't work at all . I made arrangements to return it back , but would have had to pay an additional $ 9 to send it back on top of the $ 25 I 'd already wasted . I do not recommend this product , nor do I recommend purchasing items from this supplier .
 This may be ok for childrens nail but useless for adult nails and definately not toenails or acrylics . It slow to a complete stop with MINIMAL pressure placed and charge last only briefly .
 Used a couple of times and the unit stopped working . Keep your receipt so you can return it . With the current cost of mailing it is not worth sending it back to the company
 First , if you are ready to do your nails and forgot to charge this thing 16 hours prior -LRB- not an exaggeration folks , it 's in the instruction book -RRB- , then you must wait or head to the nearest salon.Second , I take great care of my things -- I owned this for a few months and used it twice . Both times it worked fabulously , thus the 2 star rating . The third time , it totally would n't charge and there was no power at all - even with the electrical adapter plugged into the device and the LED indicator showing it was charging the unit.Unfortunately , you can not buy replacement parts for anything but the pads from the mfr so you are now trashing the environment by throwing away a product that has still new parts -- just the primary one wo n't work . I 'm going to buy one of the other better rated products -LRB- and avoid Homedics products in the future -RRB- . Things are only a great price if they work . This one disappoints .
 Major waste of money !! I would not recommend it to anyone . Has no power . When you attempt to perform any of the tasks one would expect the product to complete , i.e. `` filing '' , the unit slows down so much , or actually comes to a complete stop , that it is useless .
 This product is a waste of money . I did not have this product for 2 months when it stopped working completely . The appliance would stop working when applying the least amount of pressure . Total waste !
 Even the lightest touch of a fingertip to this item made the spinning motion completely stop . Unusable item ; returned for refund .
 Simply was n't what I was looking for in a product . The attachments were not well constructed and I actually injured myself attempting to utilize the attachments . The buffer -LRB- which is what I bought this for -RRB- does not buff at all . Was not satisfied and would not recommend .
 A search just now of Cosmeticsdatabase -LRB- if they can be believed ; but they do seem diligent -RRB- seems to list this product or a similar product as `` Moderately Hazardous ''
 This product did not do anything for my skin , except make it greasy . I did n't like how heavy it was or what it did to my skin . : -LRB-
 As a conditioner , eh , it 's okay . And I 'm glad it 's paraben-free . But imagine the most hideous , Disco-Stu , covered in cheap man 's cologne , shirt open to their navel with gold medallions.Yeah , that 's what it smells like .
 so i wus planing on bringing to partis so i cen easily wip of the pen line from my eye the eyelinr but it did not work ????? i don no what this is suposd to do this is not eyelid clenr nd i calld compani nd dhey wil not giv me refund ??? horible nevr buy from amazon agen
 I originally had some of the Ocusoft Lid Pads from my eye doctor . Those work really well . This is n't nearly as good . Spend the extra money for the pads . In the end I got more of them from my eye doctor . He told me that everyone likes the pads better .
 My optometrist recommended that I buy lid scrub to prevent styes . It has an awful moldy/musty smell that lingers even after rinsing off when applying in the shower . I 'm not sure if others can smell when I use it , but I can for hours afterward . So I 've stopped using it and will not buy this particular brand again .
 Long story short I got my item a month after my order because they shipped me someone else 's order . After emailing with the company rep , he did n't keep me in the loop as to when I would get the item I ordered . Very frustrating experience . You 'd expect more from a medical supply company . The item I ordered was for my health and the company rep had no urgency for the mix up . I 'll never order from here again . My order should have been free .
 I have used this product for about 1 month -LRB- for Blephoritis -RRB- and am not sure if it is helping . I was following my Ophthalmologists instructions of baby shampoo for about 8 months but it left my eyes dry and itchy . Then I tried a bottle of SteriLid foaming cleanser until it ran out -LRB- 1 month -RRB- . The SteriLid seemed to make my eyes feel better but it was very expensive so I decided to try Ocusoft . Ocusoft is a similar foaming cleanser but comes in a larger bottle that would last 6-8 months or more . However , at this time , I do n't think it may be effective for Blephoritis . Today , I used Ocusoft Plus lid scrub pads and my eyes seem to feel better . Unfortunately , the Ocusoft Plus pads are very expensive .
 A previous order was linked to this page so assumed it was the 7.25 oz -LRB- 415ml -RRB- size since no size was stated . Received the 50ml tiny bottle instead for almost the same price as the 8x bottle .
 Unfortunately I am NOT happy with this seller and neither this product because it looks so good and nice on the internet but after I used it first time started being rusty and I try to contact the seller to ask him about it and I did not get anything back neither a way of replacement or to receive another one but is not recommended to use a product which started being rust , I am sorry that I have to write this down on my review but I wait already more than 2 weeks to get an answer back and nothing happened . Is a good product when you look at but unfortunately I bought it to be useful and it 's a shame that shows on a product Germany Stainless Steel but as far as I know there is no German Stainless Steel to get rust . Sorry
 I have been using the PCA SKIN pHaze13 for about 3 weeks now , it does not seem to have any improvements on my problem areas . I will give it a few more weeks .
 i ordered this product a week ago on super saver ship and took over a week for it to be shipped and once i got it and showered with it it stunk like glue really bad . it was $ 12 and the other one was $ 20 definitely should have spent the extra $ 8 for the other one this one does not smell good at all .
 every small amount , must be samples they are selling . will be gone in two to four usage was expecting more .
 Did I receive a bottle that somehow passed QC without being inspected for ... wait for it ... quality control ? The fragrance is so subtle and disappears so quickly that I find using this cologne a waste of effort . Never going to purchase this one again ... ever .
 I ordered 2 of them and then the delivery was delayed . Apparently I was informed that they were out of stock so they only sent me 1 cologne and reimbursed me for the other . Pretty much disappointed by their service not the product , watch out for delays .
 I was really disappointed when I opened this up and it had such a strong fake coconut smell . I thought it was just oil , but when I looked at the ingredients and there is `` fragrance '' in it . Now I ca n't use it in my all natural lotion and will have to buy another brand . I guess `` tropical essence '' means `` fragrance '' . Too bad .
 I have this product and it may work wonders for fine hair but please , if you have thick or normal hair just stay away from it , it will make your hair sticky and lifeless . I was also given several other Aveda hair products as gifts and all i can say is that I am not impressed at all with any of them . My colored , normal -LRB- on the thick side -RRB- hair just does NOT like Aveda .
 I 'm not sure why this sells so well on Amazon . It 's sticky and leave my hair feeling stiff . Definitely wo n't buy again .
 Not rich coral . Definitely misrepresented . Hope I can get a refund . Will NEVER order from this company again .
 I brought this product in when I saw a professional hair dresser so she could make sure this was done right . It didnt work . It 's like I never put anything in my hair . . and my hair smelled bad for about a week
 it just dryed my hair out . my hair is still wavey it just looks more damaged now .
 At the base , I have curly hair and slightly `` Cr&eacute;pu '' in french.They are very smooth easily.I received the product very quickly.I knew how to handle , but I prefer to follow the letter leaflet in the box of the product.Despite having followed to the letter , my hair has not budged a bit
 This must have been a free sample that some person decided to sale ! The bottle is so tiny , I will not buy again , I would just go to the mall to buy the same product in a bigger bottle for the same price ! Shame on YOU !!!!!
 The item is not what is shown on the picture . Although it is true .14 oz . the picture shows a bigger size .
 It smell 's awful ! Nothing like what I would buy in the store . Came in bubble wrap , no label . On the bottom of the bottle was a sticker that said `` Sample . Not for individual sale '' . I 've been taken !
 I thought if this scent had been around for awhile it might be strong but interesting . It is like no other scent . I would say it is a combo of two scents that ca n't be nailed down . This is not a comforting or enjoyable scent . I thought about giving it away but will use it at home and on lower body . This scent is pretty awful ... not worth the $ 20 spent .
 I had high hopes for this perfume , from the description . I was looking for a floral fragrance , with a strong gardenia overtone . Although the fragrance is OK , it has no lasting power at all . I can dab this on my wrists and within 30 minutes , I can not detect any aroma at all . One of the tell-tale signs that the aroma disappears is that no one at work has commented -- good or bad -- about this perfume ; it simply does not make the trip from home to work . Also , one of the bottles had a damaged stopper . I am just wondering if this perfume was diluted in any way . Regardless , I will not purchase this product again . I am still looking for that special fragrance !
 I was very unhappy with this product ... It was watery and not up to the quality of Jean Patou . I would never order this product again . . LMC
 This item appears to have been sitting on the shelf for an extended period of time . The `` lotion '' had deteriorated into a `` liquid '' by the time we received it .
 The cost of shipping for this item is out of sight and changes the desire to purchase the product ! Shipping at 50 % of the item cost makes no sense .
 This soap is NOT the same . My wife grew up in England and her father has used Imperial Leather since her birth . She says the scent is different . We have purchased the `` real '' Imperial Leather while in England , as well as had some shipped to us . We compared this order from others we had , and the scent is way off , it is harsh , chemically smelling , and burns the nose . I contacted Cussons , and they stated I may have gotten a bad batch . The problem is , I orderd 5 cases , recieved six , but they ALL are bad . Maybe that is why they are so cheap at this site . Dont chance it , pay the full price and get the good stuff .
 Please be aware this is a false advertisement . I paid extra dollars for this cream because it is advertised as `` product of Germany '' . I ordered it a month ago . It finally arrived today . Guess what , the one I received looks different from the bottle shown here , and it 's made in Thailand !! Cheaters , get your false advertisement of this site !!
 While this may be a discontinued Nivea item , it is still a drugstore quality cream . It is a very good moisturizer , but at this price if one is looking for `` wrinkle reduction '' there are simply much better products on the market for $ 90 a jar . `` Rare ? '' Yes , only because Nivea no longer makes it ... hmmmm , could there be a reason for that ?
 Packaging was poor . One bottle was almost completely empty inside the box so the 6 bottles I ordered really only got 5 of them . The 6th one spilled out all in the box .
 The ingredients in this product are mostly chemical . Notably , it has parabens - not something you want on your face , ladies . Do your research and know what 's in your product before you purchase it .
 I got the tester with high anticipation that it would smell like the Black Clove Ciggerets I am partial too , but was bitterly disappointed . The scent is VERY sweet and fruity , the clove smell gets overpowered by the citrus . If you are into that , more power to you .
 I 've used argan oil in the past . This product had blue tint to it . It was significant enough to stain a piece of white tissue . I find it very hard to believe it is pure and organic . I suspect it was treated in some way . I returned it .
 I 've been using it for a few days now , and my hair feels brittle after each application . I ordered argan oil from another supplier -LRB- free trade -RRB- to try to see if there was a difference . HUGE DIFFERENCES . This one smells a bit like licorice ; I ca n't really nail the smell ... It also has a adverse effect on my hair . The argan oil that I ordered from the certifiable supplier has a nutty scent and makes my hair VERY soft.I 'm not sure what to make of all this ...
 This was very expensive and smells nasty , i bought it to use in my hair -LRB- as is one of the suggested uses -RRB- and the stench is unbearable , what a waste of money .
 I have been using this product for over 2 weeks . I do not see any change in my skin as far as less wrinkled or more moisture.I have not tried it on my hair .
 I dont think this product lives up to all the hype . Does nothing for my cuticles or frizzy gray hairs .
 The bottle of argan oil I received was spoiled . I emailed the company for a return or exchange but never received a reply . I recommend not buying from AAA Shea Butter Company!Would give zero stars if I could !
 HalalEveryDay is dishonest every day . Seller uses a picture of a different product - AAASheaButter to sell HalalEveryDay product . Is that false advertisement or a question of dishonest/bad character ? Halaleveryday is unethical and untrustworthy . Halaleveryday shipped out a different product . I returned the bogus product . HalalEveryDay is a poor representation of Amazon 's integrity . Amazon why do you allow HalalEveryDay to use this kind of practice on your system ?
 I just returned from Morocco and was hoping to find some of the argan oil sold in coops there . Sorry ; this is just make believe argan oil .
 This would have been a good deal , great price , nice lip color ... however , it 's old product on the brink of going rancid.Too bad , I should have known better than to buy make-up on clearance . Had it been new , I 'd give it 4 stars .
 The description says this is a `` Two-Pack '' and that is not the case . There is only 1 tube of lipstick and the color is nice but it does n't wear for very long . Would 've been a better bargain at least if there really were 2 ! Very misleading !!! Bring back the other make-up vendors please like Revlon , Cover Girl , Maybelline , Almay , & Neutrogena !!!!!!
 I bought an item from them last year . They sent the wrong product . I emailed them . Again , they sent the wrong product . I emailed them and they replied that they would sent the correct product , but they never did . I emailed them again and again , and they never responded or sent the proper item.I do n't recommend buying from this retailer!Renee
 Got the item okay , but returning it has been a nightmare . I 've sent multiple emails to the seller and have received no reply .
 This black elastic eye patch is lined on the inside with black paper . The paper is what holds the shape . It worked well for about an hour , until perspiration soaked the paper . Then the patch would not hold its shape plus a slit opened from the center to the top allowing light to get through . After a few minutes , the patch collapsed and became totally useless . I might note that I only walked from my house to my car , drove for a few minutes and walked into another building . I was not physically working other than walking.This patch may be OK in Alaska , but it is of NO USE in Texas !
 I ordered 3 differently branded eye patches from Amazon . All were outgassing strong chemicals at least 9 months after the package arrived . You really do n't want these near your eye -LRB- even if it is blind -RRB- . If you actually do n't have an eye ... I still would n't use one .
 You get what you pay for with this eye patch.It 's basically a piece of card stock in the shape of a shallow cone with some flexible textured plastic material barely glued to the outside -LRB- I suspect it will curl away and fall apart within a few months -RRB- . It is made of very cheap material that does not fit properly , either over a small eye or a large one . Regardless of how it 's worn , light will be able to get in around the bridge of one 's nose . This can be very distracting and disorienting for some people . Also , the seam that runs from the center of the patch to the upper edge -LRB- you can see it in the product photos -RRB- is not closed in any way , it 's actually an open gap where light can get in.This patch would be good for someone that needs it for a costume or for someone who has never owned one before and wants to give it a try for fun . It 's cheap and easily modified . I would not recommend it for someone that has a medical condition or otherwise requires an eye patch for long-term wear . If you need an eye patch for more than a few days of wear , invest in a better eye patch .
 The eye patch worked well for the first 2 days , but after that the band which keeps it on your head got stretched out and I had to tie a bandana over it to keep it up . It was n't a good buy and I would n't recommend anyone buy this eye patch .
 May be OK for little people or Halloween.It has a small elastic strap that is too small for my head . When stretched to use it looses its shape and touches the eyelid . It is not very rigid . So it 's only suitable to keep breezes off the eye and a reminder to keep hands off .
 This product does not fit an adult . The elastic was way too tight even though it is adjustable and it made the eyepatch crush inward . I could n't even wear it !
 I use it for shooting since I am left eye dominant . Very cheap feel , do n't know how long the strap is going to hold up . Should cost much less than the almost $ 5 ! More like a $ 1-2 filler product . That said though , the least expensive you 'll find on Amazon .
 The way the eyepatch is stitched makes it form poorly . It 's a decent patch but it looks so cheap that it might make your costume look cheap as well .
 It holds usually over the other eye as well , so it was n't so great for using as costume . very uncomfortable
 DO NO BUY THIS EYE PATCH . You have been warned , its a piece of junk . It does not hold its form at all . When you put the patch on it immediately collapses because there is zero support , its just fabric basically . Spend a little extra and you wo n't regret your purchase .
 I received this patch in the promised day , unfurtuanly I can not give any possitive opinion on this item . 30min later after use the patch the elastic came off . I recommend another eye patch made by 3M Nexcare those one last longer also sold in Amazon too .
 This patch is too soft , leaving no room for eyelashes , making it very uncomfortable to use and requires close the eye patched .
 Hi , this started out as good mascara but after like a week of use it started flaking really badly .
 not great . is just like any other mascara . too me it got flaky too . in fact when i received it , the tube looked sort of old ; not new -LRB- do n't know if that 's amazon 's fault -RRB- . it does n't particularly give you that `` flirty lift '' as they say . just an ordinary mascara .
 Had previously purchased Boucheron body lotion and loved it . When I got low I wanted to make sure I had a replacement , so I ordered the 6.6 ounces from Amazon . The new purchase was watery and I was very disappointed . I have decided to go elsewhere to get my next jar of Boucheron lotion . My guess is that it was watered down to look like the bottle was full .
 do yourself a favor and do n't buy this product from amazon or tuccini.ordered the product through amazon where it shows the shipping is $ 2.50 -LRB- before you put it in your cart -RRB- . went to check out and there was no option to ship via ground service . product delivered by the u.s. postal service ; express mail . was not home at the time of delivery and had to go to the post office to sign for the package because the idiots at tuccini shipped it where you had to sign for it . are you kidding me - for a lousy $ 24 worth of perfume . jiminee crickets . upon reviewing my bill , i found out that the shipping charges were over $ 28.00 ; of course this did not show up this way in my amazon cart before i ` pulled the trigger ' to buy - making the total of this product over $ 53 . emailed amazon asking for a credit back of $ 26.15 -LRB- $ 28.65 charged - $ 2.15 -LRB- cost amazon posted on their website for shipping -RRB- . Here is the response I got from Amazon -LRB- My favorite retailer in the free world -RRB- Thanks for writing to us at Amazon.com.I 'm sorry for any inconvenience caused.I checked your account and found that you ordered through `` Tuccini , '' a third part seller at Amazon Marketplace rather than from Amazon.com . When you place an order , if the seller is not Amazon.com then the seller 's name is noted on the final page of the order form before you submit your order.I see that the order was placed with Two-Day Shipping.Amazon Marketplace orders are charged a flat shipping fee . Part of your shipping fee is passed on to the seller to help cover the costs of postage , packaging , and labor . The credit will usually closely match what the seller pays to ship the item , but there may be times when the credit will be more or less than the actual postage cost.To make any changes to this order , or if you decide you 'd like to return the order when you receive it , you must contact the seller directly . Visit the order in Your Account by clicking the link below and then click on `` Problem with this order ? '' to contact the seller.My comments
 I wore this fragrance for years and loved it . It was discontinued and I never found another I loved as much , or had as many compliments . I was thrilled when I found Contridiction on Amazon . I got it today and ripped open the package . I sprayed just a tad on my wrist and YUCK ! It 's HORRIBLE ! This is not the same Contridiction . It must have gone bad , or is a cheap copy . I am almost sick from the smell and it WILL NOT wash off . I am disgusted and disappointed .
 This brand is discontinued a few years ago . The smell is sort of alcoholic and not very nice that I used to use about 5 years ago . I can not return it as Amazon wo n't accept return for perfumes . Since it is discontinued product , the scent does not last long .
 I must preface this by saying I am not a big fan of strong and heavy scents unless it is a hot date night and the weather is cold . With that said I found this scent way too strong and heady . I thought it was said to have spicy overtones , but I personally just found it stinky ! I love most CK scents particularly the unisex lines and the mens scents , but this one ... not so much .
 GOOD PRODUCT BUT BAD SHIPPING PRACTICE.This is a great parfum for women , I gave it to my wife as a gift 2 Years ago and she just loves it and keeps asking for more . I ordered it from amazon for the first time , and this is going to be the last time I will order it from amazon though , as it was shipped in a box about six -LRB- 6 -RRB- times the original parfume box size , which is 2 '' X 2 '' X 5 '' . Because of this , it costed me lots of money for the freight as the final destination was not in the USA . The box came with enough paper stuffed in it to fill a one and a half gallon bucket.Sorry , but I think that amount of packaging was not called for .
 I really wanted to like this product since they do not test on animals but after a little over a month I have to admit the product is bogus . It does n't do anything at all to improve the look or texture of skin . I tried and it cost a pretty penny too .
 I love the way that this perfume smells , so I got five of the sticks for my bridesmaids to put in thier gift bag . When they arrived the boxes that they were in looked all faded and old . Some where pink and blue and others were pink and tan . They also has stickers all over them saying `` new '' . They looked like they had been returned or just very old . When I opened one to make sure at least the product was good it had a huge crack in it . I checked the others and 4 out of 5 of them had a crack down the side . I would never get these from amazon again . This is the first time Amazon let me down .
 I bought this product thinking it was going to be a small bottle but instead it was a tiny sample vial that they give away for free a Macy 's so buyer be aware of what you are getting . I guess I should not have expected much for $ 8 .
 I used it once a day for a few days and was not noticing a change . I decided to double my applications . I used it twice a day for a week . Not a hint of color . No tan ever developed . It 's good as a moisturizer and sunscreen , but not at all as a sunless tanner .
 I ordered this because a lot of the reviewers said it gave nice color . I also bought the Sublime Glow Daily Body Moisturizer for my arms and neck for the winter because I roller skate at the rink all winter , am at the gym a lot and wear sleeveless and camisole tops . Reviewers said they bought the face lotion so I thought maybe I should get it for the face as well . Now I am waiting to use it up so I can buy either Jergens or get the L'Oreal bronzer because I do n't think this has much color . I use it every day too . Next time I wo n't bother with getting a separate lotion for my face . I 'll use the body lotion . I am disappointed . The smell does n't bother me . I just want some color !
 I GOT WHAT I ORDERED , UNFORTUNATELY THE PICTURE ON THIS REVIES IS NOT WHAT I ORDERED . FOR THE COLOGNE THAT I RECEIVED , IT IS THE RALPH LAUREN 2.5 OZ COLOGNE SPRAY . IT WAS NOT AS STRONG AS IT SHOULD BE , BUT I CAN NOT COMPLAIN . I GOT WHAT I PAID FOR , NEXT TIME I WILL BE PURCHASING FROM A LOCAL STORE INSTEAD .
 This polo black I got from amazon appears to be duplicate . After spraying significant amount I still ca n't smell it nor people around me . Also amazon wo n't take it back . Plz beware before u buy this item from amazon .
 I think the polo black sent by amazon is either a duplicate or an expired one because being a vivid user of polo black when i applied this copy sent by amazon the smell is just like a plain alcohol and nothing like the original black.all the aroma of mango and other ingredients are just not there . so watch it before you order from amazon .
 This product is not what the real stuff smells like . It has a strong alochl smell . I thought it was to good to be true and it was . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!! Wast of money ! ' !!!!!!!!!!! ,
 Despite some of the reviews stating that this cologne was a fake ... I ordered it anyway . I have been using Polo Black for many years . As soon as I put on the cologne ... the scent instantly went away . `` Uh Oh !!! '' I immediately went on youtube to see if there was a way to test if cologne is a fake . I found a video saying to spray it on a piece of paper and see if it drips like water ... or is oily like cologne should be . As soon as I sprayed it , it dripped like water right off the paper . The paper had no smell . `` Uh Oh !!!! '' Frustrated , I put on about 8 sprays . The scent was there and then ... it was gone . I asked my friends if anybody could smell it ... and not of them could . Now , I know Polo Black , and all you need is just one little spray and the scent lasts with you . Now , there are different sellers selling this cologne here . I got mine from , `` The Perfume Spot . '' I immediately contacted them . They said that if I did n't use it then I can return it . I wrote back , not wanting to have a problem , and told them of my like twelve sprays . They said that I could send it back , but I would have to pay for shipping . I was pissed , and so I contacted Amazon . Immediately , they told me to contact them with the price I paid for shipping , and they would credit me that amount off my next order . SATISFIED . That is why I love shopping at Amazon . Next time I will heed the reviews ... like this one !!!
 El producto recibido no era lo que esperaba , la fragancia tenia un olor diferente a la original y no me gustogracias de todos formas
 After ordering this product , retailer never communicated . Amazon informed me that they had not heard from retailer either and went ahead and cancelled the order for me . I wrote to retailer , and they never responded .
 I have tested this spray before but after owning it I really do n't like it . There is a strong bad smell right when you put it on that gradually desolves but a little always stays . I like the other Polos much more
 When i received the item the cologne had leaked out of the top and all over the bottle which dissolved the paint on the glass making a large mess , the seller replied with a large partial return of 50 % of the purchase price , while at first i chalked it up to great customer service , i now think it was more likely due to guilt and an effort to save his behind , the smell is strong for maybe 30 minutes then its almost gone , noone can smell it at all , whereas in the past i 've purchased from the store and it was great all day long , while not over powering , fragrance is great , but watered down
 I purchased this as an exact replacement . The first use was extremely disappointing . It is about half as potent and does n't smell the same as the old bottle that was almost empty . I had my wife also smell the difference between the bottles . She laughed and said they were not even close . I do n't believe these are real .
 I purchased this as an exact replacement . The first use was extremely disappointing . It is about half as potent and does n't smell the same as the old bottle that was almost empty . I had my wife also smell the difference between the bottles . She laughed and said they were not even close . I do n't believe these are real .
 the product it self is great and it smells great and stays for a while -LRB- I had 2 other bottles before whitch I bought from macys but this time I orderd from amazon cause it was cheaper , but my friend bad news , the one that I received does not smell nearly as strong and it is almost like water < I even sprayed 10 times on myself and the shirt I was wearing but I can smell it just a little and only when I get my nose close to it , so do not buy from beacutyencounter or will end up returning it . I would have returned mine but I threw away the box . the reason of this problem -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- could be because it is too old or they keep it in a hot warehouse or for other reasons and there is a reason why it is cheaper than department stores .
 Burberry Weekend is my favorite . So , I bought Burberry Burberry perfume thinking it had to be a winner also . It smells nothing like Weekend . I found it strong , musky , kind of old ladyish , and totally offensive . I tried to wear it twice , convincing myself I just had to give it a chance . I could n't stand the fragrance . I tried for months to sell it on Craigslist for cheap . I finally ended up giving it to a lady , a friend of mine , in her 50s who told me it is her favorite perfume . GO figure .
 This deodorant goes on nicely , it 's a little moist , but it smells like a slightly masculine soap . Desert Essence makes a tea tree deodorant that actually smells like tea tree and works great .
 I used this every day for decades . When my local co-op stopped carrying it , I special-ordered it for a while , then decided to buy it here . This product has the same name as what I 've used , but a different appearance -LRB- new label , white cap instead of brown -RRB- , and a completely different scent . Where the old one was subtle and herbal , this one is pungent and perfumey . It makes my eyes water for hours . Ca n't use it .
 For 2012 Queen Helene has changed this product entirely -LRB- both packaging & formulation -RRB- , without letting you know.The ads on Amazon still show the prior packaging so you have no clue that what you are buying is a completely different product . Therefore , you should ignore all of the pre-2012 reviews.I used the original version for 20 years and loved it.This new version is terrible with a pungent fragrance that is simply horrible.Queen Helene/Amazon need to get their act -LRB- s -RRB- together and stop running a misleading photo showing the original product.I wasted my money on a six-pack . I wish I could just get the original formulation again .
 This deoderant is a diffrent formula from the Queen Helene Vitamin E Deoderant we 've used for years . Even though it 's advertized using the same picture , the actual package is different , it has a much longer list of ingredients which are different from the `` old '' formula -LRB- I compared it to the `` old '' deoderant -RRB- , and a much stronger smell . It makes my husbands underarms itch and burn . His skin is red and inflamed . I 'm afraid to try it .
 It arrived in a timely manner and the contents were original but the spray apparatus was sticky in the beginning then broke down at about when the bottle was half full .
 I buy it but on the advertisement there is no indication that it was a tester , I should tell the customer if it is a tester , It make me made a mistake and I have to spend extra money to buy another one that was not a tester .
 I really did n't care for this perfume at all . The notes were extremely masculine to me , and frankly I did n't feel there was anything too unique about it . I think Burberry in general smells wonderful on men , but I have yet to find a perfume of theirs that I would wear .
 I really like Burberry The Beat for women and wanted to try Touch . How far off could they be ? Night and day . I like more sweet smelling perfumes . This one totally reminds me of Axe deodorant . It 's very woodsy . To me it smells way to masculine to be a female perfume . Nauseating .
 This product is horrible . I cant even use it , and I bought 2 bottles of it . It is nothing but pure water with maybe 1/4 lotion mixed with it . There is no scent to it , you cant smell it at all , and it is so runny that you ca n't even open the bottle without it pouring all over you . It was a complete waste of money !!
 I ca n't confirm but it seems to me this cream is getting harder and harder to find in stores because they may be discontinuing it . . In any case the type I ordered here did n't come in the usual bottle I 'm used to -LRB- as seen on left -RRB- and it smelled old , not fresh . Anyone who has kept lotion too long knows the aroma I 'm talking about . If lotions had an expiration date this would be way past its time ...
 To whom it may concern . Please be advised that this product has Lemon in it and smells like plastic . You really ca n't smell the Chamomile ...
 Product is not as strong smelling as in store . Cologne seemed to be watered down if that is possible . Very dissatisfied with product .
 I love Coty Wild Musk , and I am a huge fan of Amazon , but I will never order perfume from them again . This makes the second bottle that I 've gotten that has smelled more like alcohol than the actual perfume . Date on the bottom of this bottle reveals that it is 2 years old ... no wonder ! From now on I 'll just pay a few more bucks and get it at the store .
 i purchased wild musk by coty for men , received jovan musk for men . the bottles are n't even similar . misrepesentation is not a very good selling practice . i still want what i paid for . WILD MUSK BY COTY COLOGNE SPRAY 1.5 oz VERY UNHAPPY in Arkansas
 I do n't have a problem with product itself . My issue with Amazon and how they listed it . There are two types of Coty Musk , one is an oil and one is a perfume spray . I wanted to purchase the oil version . When I clicked on the icon there were two different sizes listed , naturally I chose the larger size . When I received the item it was the spray not the oil . I was very upset that I could n't return it . I take responsibility for not reading the fine print about the return policy . However , these items should be listed seperately as the are two very different products .
 i bought this and one other curling iron after my reallly old one broke . i thought this would be ribbon like - but i was wrong , it makes my curls look like squares .
 I bought this as a gift based on great reviews . I did n't like it at all . It smelled cheap and sweet . It reminded me of high school.I would n't recommend it if you are over the age of 20 . Too embarrassed to gift it.I 'm 31 and this is just too young / trashy for me .
 This nail brush , although it is physically as described , is made in China -- not made , as I was led to believe , in the USA.Purchasing products made in the USA whenever possible is very important to me , and I feel misled by the claim of this product . Shame on the seller for misrepresenting the item 's country of origin.In future , please remove the misleading reference and save someone else the unpleasant surprise I had .
 I love the idea of MyChelle facial products . Unfortunately , they are not hypo-allergenic and I have sensitive skin . As a result , I ended up with flesh colored bumps all over my chin , jawline , and forehead . Needless to say , I returned the 2 bottles of Fruit Enzyme Cleanser to Amazon .
 I 've been using Mychelle 's F.E. Cleanser for over a year . This is NOT it !!! The packaging is similar to the bottle shown on Amazon , but not the same , so I thought it was just newer and destroyed the box as soon as I removed the product . Now I ca n't return it and I 'm stuck with two bottles of this horrid grapefruit-smelling stuff . The real product smells like pineapple and contains shea butter . The junk that they sent has the same name but contains pink grapefruit oil . I like the real product for the fragrance , and the grapefruit just smells nasty . They must be selling off some old product here .
 I order this in May of 2009 . I just opened the package The perfume I recieved smells nothing like the Jil Sander 's I have purchased before . I will not order again form the internet .
 I got two bottles without the original boxes , no seal , and they were very dirty and dusty . I was surprised because it had said it was New .
 We bought this for my daughter . I really does n't work well at all . It does n't keep the hair twisted together even when you put the beads and elastics in that come with it . Do n't buy one ...
 I DID NOT CARE FOR THIS PRODUCT AT ALL . MY SISTER A COSMETOLOGIST WAS NOT IMPRESSED WITH THE ONE I BOUGHT HER EITHER .
 I loved the power of this dryer - however it gets VERY hot and can burn your hand if you touch the metal . Also - it is quite heavy to hold.Mine started to smell like smoke so I had to throw it out - it didnt last too long . But the power was great .
 This hairdryer essentially fell apart within the first year ! The filter and cover on the back came off after a few months and most recently the whole silver piece in the front fell off ! It is not worth it at all ! The other solano products have held up much better !
 I 'm fairly certain that this is not an authentic product . It smells completely different than the Jivago 24K that I had from Nordstrom . I 'm very disappointed in the quality and would certainly not recommend purchasing anything at all from this retailer . I thought I would save some money , but I ended up with a substandard product . Very irritating .
 Well I thought I getting a great deal I think I 'll stick with buying it from neiman Smell good at first it looks like the same thing I 've been using but it sure fool me the real one I use to put it on in the morning and it will stay with me for the rest of the day and morning this one I 'm lucky if I still smell 2 hours latter Will never buy it online I have giving it to my sitter and buying me the real thing . Sometimes cheap is not always good .
 The perfume that I ordered did not smell like the Jivago that I have been wearing for years ! I had my friend and Husband also give me their thoughts -- they both agreed it was n't the same . The pump on the bottle also did not function properly ... : /
 this is just not for me , just too strong for me , give me a horrible headache and burn my nose terribly , just nauseated , i just do n't like , will be giving this away to some who a appreciate it a little more cause i do n't , would have been nice if it was a little toned down , only way i wear this i one little squirt , that 's it , because it does have a nice sent to ,
 I WAS SO HAPPY TO SEE MY ORDER WAS HERE SO FAST ... BUT ITS NOT THE REAL DEAL ... IT SMELLS LIKE CRAP.SO DISAPPOINTING.I EVEN WAITED A COUPLE HOURS AND HAD A FRIEND SMELL IT WHO OWNS THIS . ITS A FAKE
 Este perfume a pesar de llamarse `` Just Me '' y efectivamente ser de Paris Hilton , le han cambiado el aroma . Tiene un aroma agradable , pero es completamente diferente al mismo perfume comprado hace apenas unos meses en tiendas en USA . El aroma anterior era mucho m&aacute;s agradable que el actual . No comprar&iacute;a otro .
 I rated this product with 2 stars because I just do n't like it . I do n't HATE it , and it does n't repluse me , but I will never wear it again because it just does n't smell nice . After buying her other two perfumes -LRB- the Paris Hilton Women original one , and Can Can -RRB- and loving those SO much -LRB- they 're very sexy and girly -RRB- , I decided to buy this `` Just Me '' one because I thought I 'd love it just as much ... but no . I 'm usually drawn to sexy/sweet/girly perfumes . For example , a couple of my faves are Britney Spears - Fantasy , Ralph Lauren - Hot , Beyonce - Heat , Victoria 's Secret - Sexy Little Things Noir , and the other Paris Hilton ones I previously mentioned . So , my advice to you
 I actually like the other perfume -LRB- s -RRB- she has out , but this one is far too strong ... I gave it away ... Very disappointed with the smell !
 This spray i bought for my mother , and she is very upset that the bottle , the quality of the spary proves itself that it 's noth but waste of money . This is fake ... i would rather suggest to pay more nd buy from macys ... u wo n't regret
 I did n't love or hate this product . I 'm just waiting till it runs out , but will probably never buy again . I use it to leave in my hair so that my curls will stay in place and be more defined -LRB- I 'm African American -RRB- . Other conditioners that I use to do the same thing have better results . For normal conditioning , it was ok ... nothing great about it . In fact every conditioner I have is probably better at conditioning than this one . Sorry , I wanted to like it .
 Mastey Shampoo is very good however this well recommended product is a disaster . When you spray it on your hair as a permanent condition it comes out oily and sticky . You have to wash your hair again to get the residue out for you can not run a comb or a brush thru your hair . Perhaps if your had very thick hair you might be able to use it . I dont , I have fine hair . I would never recommend this product or use it again . The distributor would not let me return for refund so I have thrown it in the garbage .
 On some days it feels ok , but on most its like washing your hair with construction nails . Bristles need more flex . Get what you pay for here . Gave it two stars cause the dog loves it .
 I ordered this thinking this was a good hard scalp brush . Instead I got the soft plastic wannabe . I contacted the seller and he was supposed to send me a return label , but as of yet , I have not received the label . This is brush is not what it appears . This picture should be changed .
 The bars of soap I ordered and recieved were not as pictured . They were a grey color not brownish .
 Amazon send me a completely different product
 Someone bought some for my bf ; the scent makes me think of baby powder and chalk and always pushes me to the brink of a migraine .
 HOW CAN THEY PUT THIS IN A PRODUCT THAT SAYS . . HEALS ?? LOOK IT UP ... ITS HORRIFYING THE SIDE EFFECTSAND YES HUMANS WILL NOT BE INGESTING IT -LRB- WHICH SAYS CAN BE FATAL -RRB- MY DOGS AND IM SURE MANY OTHERS PET OWNERS WILL SAY . . THE FUR BABIES LICK THEIR FACES OR ARMS WHEN PLAYING OR YOUR JUST COMING HOME ETC AND EXCITED TO SEE YOU ! WELL THEN . . THEY . . ARE INGESTED THE PRODUCT !!! ESP IF YOU PUT ON FRESH AND YOUR DOG/CAT HAPPENES TO LICK YOU ! UGH THIS PEEVES ME OFF ! IT HAS NO RIGHT BEING IN THIS PRODUCT !!
 unfortunately I bought this product and it contains Triethanolamine which I found is not to be used in products that are left on the skin , I will be throwing this away but wanted to warn others before they order that this may not be the product they want , I will stick with straight Aloe Vera Gel . `` Triethanolamine , safe for use in cosmetics and personal care products designed for discontinuous , brief use followed by thorough rinsing from the surface of the skin . In products intended for prolonged contact with the skin , the concentration of Triethanolamine . . should not exceed 5 % . '' -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Just like the title says , this product does n't absorb into the skin . I 'm in the desert and I can use this product in the morning , and when I shower after work the water will reactivate the gel as if the product dried immediately and sat there ... no absorbtion ... no change in condition , even after days of use -LRB- two applications per day -RRB- . Thankfully I still had a cheap store brand that after one application , I noticed a differance . This is a horrible product . I 'm thankful that I did n't buy the twin pack .
 I 've used many aloe products over the year since I 've got dry skin living in the desert . This one dries sticky and leaves a filmy sense on the skin . Try a different one .
 The smell does not last long at all and it is kinda strong for a female . My nose itches for about a few hours everyday anytime I use it . Would never buy again .
 I have been wearing Vanilla Fields Cologne by Coty , exclusively for a few years . When I found it was no longer in the stores , I decided to purchase it online . What was sent to me had no relation at all to Vanilla Fields . There was no hint of vanilla in the fragrance at all and even the color of the liquid was wrong - an orange instead of a yellow color . Some kind of strong colored alcohol was in the bottle , and it had a strong odor , that had nothing to do with Vanilla Fields . Before this cologne was discontinued , I wore it every day and got many compliments . The vanilla was very present , but delicate . I know what I am talking about.BNFragrance King has replied back to my e-mail , apologized and claimed they had just shipped what they got from the distributor . I have sent the bottle back and they are refunding me in full.BN
 The brand is fantastic but after purchasing from this supplier I 've noticed all their products are expired . My face broke ou after a few uses and I have been using Ultracalming for over a year now with no problems before . It 's best to pay the crazy prices at the stores that supply Dermalogica .
 I used this shampoo for 5 days and observed no improvement in the appearance of my fine , thin hair as compared to other salon shampoos purchased for half the price . Note , I certainly do n't expect shampoo to regrow hair or perform other miracles . I just wanted a little more lift and the appearance of volume . Did n't get that . It works fine as a shampoo . But it 's really hard to use . How hard can it be to use shampoo ? Well , when it comes in an aluminum bottle with a screw off cap and has the consistency of water , it 's pretty hard to get it into your hair before it runs through your fingers or sloshes out of your cupped palm while you 're in the shower . Do n't waste your money on this overpriced product that delivers no better performance than other salon shampoos .
 I was disappointed to see that this highly-recommended product for fine hair like mine contains paraben preservatives to which some 10-15 % of the population is allergic to some degree . I have a known allergy to them , so ca n't even try this shampoo . For this reason , I would have given the product * no stars , * but Amazon 's lowest rating is 1 star , so I had to settle for that.If you have ever reacted with itching , rash , or hives to old -LRB- or cheap , store-brand -RRB- sunscreens -- most of which have parabens -- you will probably have similar problems with this product . Likewise , if you 've ever reacted to a product preserved with the chemically-related sulfites that are used to maintain color of dried apricots and other foods , you will probably have trouble , too . That 's because those allergic to sulfites usually also have sensitivities to parabens . These people could easily get an itchy rash or break out in hives after use . Beware that children are sensitive to paraben preservatives in even higher numbers than adults.Parabens have caused so many problems in sunscreens over the years that most major brands have reformulated their products without them . -LRB- Likewise , sulfites provoke so many reactions -- some even fatal -- that the US government banned them from being sprayed on restaurant salad bars some 10-15 years ago . -RRB- So why does a high-end company like Phyto that charges such a pretty penny for its products have to use cheap parabens instead of a healthier alternative to preserve its otherwise wonderful shampoo ?
 Okay , I am a bit of a `` bath aficianado '' . I tried this product thinking it would save me money because it has `` about 15 crushed bath bombs '' in one jar . But WOW was it awful !! I used -LRB- literally ! -RRB- half of the jar , and not only could I smell almost nothing unless I cupped my hand to raise the water right up to my nose , but there were no skin softening properties . AT ALL ! I would have done better to just dump half a box of baking soda in the tub!Now , I usually would n't leave a review ... but after using this product , I 'm thinking maybe that was always because even if I hated something I tried , I still liked SOMETHING about it AT LEAST a little bit . DO NOT waste your money here !! I wo n't name drop here , because I do n't want to dilute the validity of my review , but there is a certain company who makes fresh handmade bath products in Canada that you should definitely try if you want a yummy bath . DO N'T expect anything wonderful from Blockhead bath .
 I whould love to start colecting eyeshadows but since most of the names are in french I do n't know what the colors look like . this is very fustrating . fix this !
 I originally had a great review in here as I was happy with the product , however about 1/2 way through the bottle the top began to leak any time I spay it . This creates a mess on my counter and large perfume stains on any top I spray it on . So disappointed .
 The scent was more alcohol than parfum . I love Escape Parfum and wish I had received a better bottle . I could tell the difference in the brand . I ca n't get out to mail it back .
 My bottle has a cheaper top/cap system and the contents does not have the lovely smell of my previously purchased bottle -LRB- from a department store -RRB- . The real shame is that I was to busy to actually open the package until after my 30 days had lapsed . My fault ; please learn from my mistake ! Posted by his wife : - -RRB-
 I received a bottle of this for Christmas and I hate it . It 's old fashioned , heavy and sickly . I thought I 'd get rid of it using it as an air freshner but I really do n't like it enough for that either . I would say never buy Perfume as a present unless you know for a fact that the person you 're buying for likes it . Big disappointment :-LRB- I 've been reading that it 's been discontinued in USA . Pity it 's still apparently available in UK .
 I 've been wearing Escape for about 17 years . I live in a small city and only Elder Beerman sold it . However , they no longer carry the product but said I could get it online for half the cost . They were right . It looks like the same Escape I bought at the store -LRB- except the box color seemed a bit off on the shade -RRB- but the fragrance does n't last at all . I used to be able to smell it all day long and even into the evening . With this stuff , I ca n't smell it an hour later . Consequently , I do n't think this Escape is the real thing . I will be heading out of town to buy it in a store now .
 Ladies watch out . This is a very bad imitation of the real Escape . They are trying to pass it off as the original . I put it on as soon as I got it and I knew immediately . I do n't know how this company gets away with selling this stuff and saying it is Calvin Kleins Escape , but it is wrong . I hope authorities catch on and prosecute . One year my son bought me another fragrance that I love for x-mas . He said he bought it on E-Bay . I put it on and it didd n't smell right . I ended up keeping it , but it is still sitting on my dresser and never use it , I did n't want to hurt his feelings . Now I came across this problem again . I guess I should have realized as the price was good , but this imitation is not worth it . I have an excellent sense of smell and am 100 % positive I am right . I am sending this nasty fowl water right back as soon as I can . I have been fooled , but never again . I will do my research before I purchase it again .
 I wanted to try this because it 's described as a perfume with a lot of fruit notes . I tested it at the store and all I smelled was an overpowering flowery scent which just makes me nauseous . Nothing fruity about this .
 Hola . Necesito cambiar esta colonia por la de caballero , me equivoque al realizar el pedido , y no quiero cancelar la orden . Espero respuesta gracias
 This perfume only mildly smells like Calvin Klein Escape . The fragrance completely disappears after a few minutes . I 've been wearing Escape -LRB- the real stuff -RRB- for years . This is not real . Do not buy from this seller -LRB- Tuccini -RRB- . If the price seems way too low , there 's a reason .
 this item was advertised as being the original product . Wghen received it turned out to be water based and had absolutely no scent to it . becuase i had thrown the box out and the recipt there was nothing i could do to fued against the product . but it was terrible ! it was very immbarrissed as i gave it for a gift !
 I bought this as a valentines gift for my wife based on the rave reviews by others . She took one whiff , and had to open all the windows in the house to get rid of the odor . She hates it . And its not returnable . Fortunatly , I only bought 1 oz and am only out $ 22 and change . My advise to all you men out there ... Do n't buy based on other peoples reviews .
 Okay , I am a bit of a `` bath aficianado '' . I tried this product thinking it would save me money because it has `` about 15 crushed bath bombs '' in one jar . But WOW was it awful !! I used -LRB- literally ! -RRB- half of the jar , and not only could I smell almost nothing unless I cupped my hand to raise the water right up to my nose , but there were no skin softening properties . AT ALL ! I would have done better to just dump half a box of baking soda in the tub!Now , I usually would n't leave a review ... but after using this product , I 'm thinking maybe that was always because even if I hated something I tried , I still liked SOMETHING about it AT LEAST a little bit . DO NOT waste your money here !! I wo n't name drop here , because I do n't want to dilute the validity of my review , but there is a certain company who makes fresh handmade bath products in Canada that you should definitely try if you want a yummy bath . DO N'T expect anything wonderful from Blockhead bath .
 Okay , I am a bit of a `` bath aficianado '' . I tried this product thinking it would save me money because it has `` about 15 crushed bath bombs '' in one jar . But WOW was it awful !! I used -LRB- literally ! -RRB- half of the jar , and not only could I smell almost nothing unless I cupped my hand to raise the water right up to my nose , but there were no skin softening properties . AT ALL ! I would have done better to just dump half a box of baking soda in the tub!Now , I usually would n't leave a review ... but after using this product , I 'm thinking maybe that was always because even if I hated something I tried , I still liked SOMETHING about it AT LEAST a little bit . DO NOT waste your money here !! I wo n't name drop here , because I do n't want to dilute the validity of my review , but there is a certain company who makes fresh handmade bath products in Canada that you should definitely try if you want a yummy bath . DO N'T expect anything wonderful from Blockhead bath .
 You can use your mascara instead , you do n't need to spend any money on this . The brush tangles your hair .
 I bought these bottles for my mom , who has limited vision . I purchased these particular ones because of the picture , which shows the ounces clearly marked in black . When I got the bottles , the ounces are only stamped into the plastic , with no black ink . They are very difficult for even a person with good vision to see . I am very disappointed .
 NOT LIKE THE REVIEW SAY . TOO TOO SWEET . SWEET FOR ME IT IS NOT A MASCULINE SMELL AT ALL . IT STINKS .
 This product was ordered as a gift . I was greatly disappointed when it arrived in damaged condition , and I had to purchase a different gift at the last minute .
 I tried this on my 1 '' solid gray/silver roots and it did n't work at all . This product is basically a chunk of dark brown color pushed deep onto the tines of a regular plastic comb . To use it , I had to try to push the comb down deep enough into my roots hoping to transfer some color , but all it did was dampen my roots from the water ; no color came off the comb . This might work if the gray you want to cover is somewhere further down your hair but this is just a bad design for covering roots altogether . I recommend the similarly priced `` lipstick tubes '' of color over this inferior product if you have roots to cover .
 I saw the article from someone claiming that this product was not even close to the original -LRB- 10 years ago cologne -RRB- Anyway I decided to buy one , and this person is right/I compared my new fragancy adquire , and my old one they are notsimilar .
 The box was not sealed . Unsure if the content is original , or not.Givenchy Givenchy GentlemanDisapointed .
 I love this scent and have used it every day for years . I have a half used bottle on my shelf . I tried a single spray from the new bottle , and hated the smell . It smells like burnt wood . It is very , very different from the real thing to which I am accustomed . While the packaging looks absolutely authentic , I can only conclude that the product inside is not genuine . I have great faith in Amazon , have purchased perfume from them before which was fine , but in this case I am convinced they are being fooled somewhere along the supply chain .
 We were disappointed to conclude that this Gentleman by Givenchy for Men Eau de Toilette , a so called `` knock off '' . We suggest you check you supply source .
 There was no scent to this perfume ... made me think it was bottled water , except bottled water smells better than the bottle of Pleasures ,
 I 've been wearing pleasures for over 10yrs . This product does not smell the same and had a yellow tint to it instead of being clear . Think it is an imitation .
 I first used the pumpkin rehydrating conditioner mask at a salon and I loved it . The smell is phenomenal and it works wonders on my course and kinky hair . I thought I would really like the shampoo also but I found it to be very watery and takes a few times to actually work up any lather in my hair , I really love the smell but the shampoo does n't really work that well .
 I 've had this cologne for 2 years and the one I received is an old stock or very watered down . I put it on and it only lasts about an hour . The smell is alot lighter than the one I had before and it smells like I 'm smelling water with soap on it.The bad thing , you ca n't return colognes back online to Amazon because it 's `` Flammable '' . I am very disappointed with this .
 Once I opened the box , I found that the color seemed to be weird . After , I taste the essence , I found that it was completely different compared with my old one . Therefore I think it was an old perfume . Lastly , I had to travel the next day , so I keep my perfume .
 It smells great when you spray it on the card in a department store , but when you put it on your skin , the light summery smell instantly goes stale and you 're left smelling like cheap cologne .
 The item I received was cologne , NOT aftershave . Luckily I needed more cologne . Other than that , I have no complaints .
 I gave that order about 1.5 weeks ago they said it will come on thursday -LRB- last week -RRB- i do n't know why it isnt come yet i want my money back !
 SALUDOS ME DIRIJO A USTEDES PARA PEDIR SU COLABORACION , EN TAL SENTIDO NO E RECIBIDO EL PRODUCTO HASTA LA FECHA SEGUN FECHA ESTIMADA DE SALIDA DEL ALMACEN DEL VENDEDOR FUE EL 14 DE FEBRERO Y EL PRODUCTO SIGUE EN TRANSIT JUNTO A OTRO PRODUCTO POR FAVOR SOLICITO SU INFORMACION ACERCA DE EL PORQUE ESTE PRODUCTO NO ME HA LLEGADO A LA FECHA ESTIMADA 14 FEBRERO , Y QUE LLEVA EL NUMERO DE SEGUIMIENTO UPS 1Z8R87R00340495104 ... . GRACIAS .
 Not sure why people rank it high.Very cheap type of scent . I would recommend to stay away.Due to its popularity I got it as a gift . I now use it as my favorite restroom air freshener .
 The company that sold this gave me a FAKE . Yes they gave me imitation cologne . And you are probably wondering how I know that it was fake , well it was because I have had this cologne for almost 3 years and when they sent me whatever was in their bottle it basically smelled like rubbing alcohol . The only positive is that when I called the company for a refund and explanation they said just send the bottle back and we will refund you completely even for shipping and handling . Overall I think I am going to stick to buying cologne from stores not online then I can smell it before I buy it .
 I 'm not sure how any of the other reviewers received compliments from anyone other than family members considering that in order to smell this cologne you practically have to put your nose on the persons skin . It smells nice , but nobody -LRB- including the person wearing it -RRB- will be smelling it !
 Ordered this cologne along with another one from Amazon LLC.They both smelled horrible and had clearly been previously unwrapped and resealed.Brought it to Macy 's where the lady working got a kick out of this horrendous smelling cologne.She sprayed a legit Lacoste Essential onto a card , and it is a great cologne.Amazon , you 've lost a customer .
 I do not have severe dark circles around my eyes but this product does not help me at all . Do not waste your money !
 D&R apparently produces two version of this product
 I am a medium to lite skined black woman . and i have tried many produces . this one is low on the potency side , however it did fade the specific spots i put it on by 40 % -45 % . you may think that 's a lot but over a 6 to 8 week period it evens out . mainly my arms and upper back . my white friend tried it after i told her how it worked for me , and it too made her a bit reddish -LRB- like the woman in the prev review -RRB- . she is somewhat fair skined . so i am making a huge assumption by saying it may very on skin type . but that has been my experience .
 I WAS SO EXCITED TO FIND MY MOST FAVORITE SCENT , CALGON TURQUOISE SEAS . I 'VE BEEN SEARCHING SINCE IT WAS DISCONTINUED . I ORDERED FOUR BOTTLES AND WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED . IT WAS N'T THE REAL STUFF OR IT WAS TOO OLD AND IT SMELLED LIKE PLAIN RUBBING ALCOHOL . $ 120.00 DOWN THE DRAIN AND IT 'S NONREFUNDABLE SINCE IT 'S A FRAGRANCE . BUYER BEWARE !!!!! I 'M SO DISPLEASED WITH BEING RIPPED OFF !!!!!!!
 I have used this product for years and was very disappointed when I received this purchase . The product smelled like plain rubbing alcohol . I am in search of something that is sold on the shelves in the stores that I can buy that is comparable . I threw the bottle away ... very big waste of money .
 Just purchased L'Oreal Age Perfect Day 2.5 oz , but can not wear it because of the perfume , which smells like insecticide , and the smell stays with you for many hours . Otherwise product seems to perform well . I do use their Revitalift series , where the perfume is mild , not this type of grassy scent , and would use this one if it came in a non-perfumed version .
 I purchased this cream , and the box advertised that it would tighten skin and fade brown spots . First off the cream has a horrible , overpowering smell . I figured it would dissipate after a while , but it did not . It actually started to give me a headache to the point where I had to wash the stuff off . The cream did hydrate well but had a very greasy feel and no tightening effect . I hate wasting money so I tried to stick it out for a couple of weeks , but the smell just got to me so I tossed the jar .
 The cream only has half !!!!! Not fully fill the cream up !!! Seems like not a new one !!!! Very disappointed !!!! Never seen before that new product only has half , not full .
 I fund half was gone when I open tne container . All of them , I ordered 3 , half of cream was gone . I felt verybad because I paid intl shipping chare 40 $ for these . return makes me pay more and even I cancel the order which I paid shipping as much as the product price I lose money for nothing . terribel experience at Amazon
 Kinerase do n't make this product any more . I found out too late that Kinerase should only be bought from Kinerase Authorized Dealers . I purchased it recently from another reseller and I got no more than a bottle of water .
 It has a nice smell , the problem is that I ordered `` cologne '' , but they sent me `` after shave '' instead.No worries , I 'll still use it : -RRB-
 I have worn this fragrance exclusively for many years and am VERY DISAPPOINTED ! I was surprised when I opened the box as the packaging appeared drastically different from the usual Lacoste packaging ... but thought perhaps just the packaging had changed as the box had all the usual Lacoste Pour Femme logos . NOT THE CASE !! The fragrance is terrible ! Unless you want to smell like ALCOHOL and rosebuds ... DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS . I would return it if i could , but FRAGRANCE IS CONSIDERED A HAZARDOUS LIQUID PER AMAZON RETURNS AND IS NON-RETURNABLE ! I am stuck with two bottles of this repulsive scent .
 the first time something like this happened to me . This is not what I ordered . I know very well Lacoste Pour Femme fragrance . is any water and alcohol ! additional problem that I can not give up . I would like to get what I paid for it or the original perfume or your money back.jerzy
 item was not described . It had no fragrance . Im actually very surprised because this is sold by lacoste through amazon . I have ordered this perfume before by another vendor and have had no issues . Not sure what is going on here with these bad batches as another reviewer had mentioned . However , I did contact amazon and they have refunded my money . Hopefully they resolve this issue , so this does n't happen to other customers !
 Iam totally disappointed in my purchase of the Lacoste perfume to be quite honest ... It is either defective or not the real thing , as there is no smell to it like it should have and all I can smell is alcohol . I am trying to send it back and I am having difficulty because I do n't have the box it came in since I would have never thought this would happen and I did n't save it . I wish you would send me a new bottle that IS this perfume as I got ripped off . If it is truly the proper item and the one I purchased is defective , then it 's only proper that you replace it for me so I can get what I paid for . I have no problem sending you the bottle I have back so you can see what I am talking about.thank you
 I find it too greasy , and I hate the smell ! I seriously doubt it can actually clear up dark spots but I can not really say since I have decided to use it after the summer , so I will not get ridiculously sunburned . I shall come back with update when I start to really use it .
 I have my doubts if this perfume you sent me is originated , please tell me . how I can check the veracity of this article ?
 Let me start by saying that I have worn this cologne for years , usually purchased at a local department store . When stores stopped selling it , I had to start buying on eBay/Amazon . The bottle I purchased from Amazon was my first time buying this cologne here . Since the day I opened it , I have noticed that the scent is literally gone after 10 minutes or so as another reviewer stated . When I have bought this at department stores the scent would last for hours but it is gone shortly after I apply it with this bottle.I do n't know if they are expired . . if cologne CAN expire , or if it 's a diluted sample bottle from the stores , but I wo n't be buying it from Amazon again .
 EXPEERIENCIA WAS MY VERY BAD BECAUSE APPARENTLY SENT ME THE PRODUCT charged for the same ME BUT I DO NOT SENT IF NO OTHER SAMPLE FRAGRANCE , AND THE WORST IS THAT IF I DO NOT CLAIM NOT SHOW ME ANYTHING ABOUT IT , NOTHING SERIOUS THE STORE
 I have purchased this cologne couple weeks ago based on reviewes in amazon ; make me totally upset . Even you spray more than an adequate amount , just disappearsafter 5-10 mins . Just a nice example of an expired cologne and I am just like anclassic example of `` effect of buying materials not before testing it `` AMAZON should find out something to keep customers free from this issues .
 A couple months ago I was in a JCPenney . I came across this cologne and loved it but I was n't able to afford it at the time . When I went back they did n't have it so I searched online and found it here . For the first couple of minutes you can smell it fine . After about 5 min you ca n't smell a thing . I guess thgis what they would call expired cologne . Really sucks .
 I purchase alot on amazon and ebay . So I know a good deal when i see it . On this product save your shipping if you are looking for a true strong bristle brush this one is not for you . I would say it is equivalent to a hard hair brush more than a heavy duty nail brush so save your 2 or 3 dollars + shipping and tax ! You may Thank me later .
 Tore after 3 uses . It really is worth about a penny . Wish I had spent a bit more to get something of quality . The concept is great .
 This thing works a little and it should have cost a dollar . Was n't worth the expense . I had one in the past and it was 100 % better .
 as it used to be years ago . I was looking for more coverage . . this is very drying and sheer . It does not dissolve well with water . I will not buy this again .
 I purchsed this item thinking it would be a good foundation for a full coverage makeup . I would not recommend this product for purchase . The makeup looks way to noticable which is what I try & avoid . You are better off buying a better store brand for full coverage .
 The product was just what I wanted BUT the price was increased so much I will never purchase anything again . Other colors of pancake were their normal price but the Max Factor Natural # 2 was a total of $ 21.49 for just one pack of the make-up . Previously I had purchased 4 packs for only seven -LRB- 7 -RRB- dollars more . Other colors of the same make-up were posted much less.NEVER AGAIN WILL I BE TAKEN IN LIKE THIS !!!!!
 I bought this item from a retail store a while back after reading online reviews . Many people had good things to say about it , so I figured I 'd try it . I used it on my face in hopes of fading some dark spots . I used it twice a day for a month and never saw a noticeable change . I do n't know if it 's just my skin type or what , but this product has not worked for me at all . Now I have moved on to another product , hoping I will find the cheap and easy solution . I can only hope !! : -RRB-
 I used it religiously for 3months did n't work cheap product , nothing faded it just did n't do what it says it was supposed to .
 This item did not work , it did n't lighten my skin at all . I would not buy this product again . Waste of money .
 While billed as a creme safe for private areas , Esoterica can and will cause serious skin irritation if used on sensitive skin . Two consecutive nights of Esoterica night creme caused the same prominent blister-like rash on 3 different people we shared it with . We would NOT recommend this product to anyone and we should have simply searched the net first . We would have found that the only reviews of this product outside Amazon are all very negative . Zero results , skin rashes and blister irritations , extremely short shortlife - all are the most common opinions of this product.Trying to reach the distributor `` Medicis '' for advice is a waste of time . Their web site 's contact forms are completely non-functional -LRB- apparently intentionally so -RRB- , and 30 days later there is no answer to postal mail sent to their Arizona address ; much less from their webmaster . They do not even list Esoterica as one of their products - yet the Medicis name is printed right on the box . Guess if I sold a product which consistently caused bright red , blistered skin irritation and poor quality I would try to hide too !
 Before you buy this , I highly recommend you do some research on its active ingredient , hydroquinone . Although the FDA claims there is insufficent evidence to link hydroquinone to cancer , Japan , the European Union , and Australia have already banned it from their products.Just be safe , and make an educated descision .
 It did n't work quick enough for me , so I moved on to another product . You can stick with it and see if it works.I prefer Ambi cream .
 The single most important ingredient you need to watch out for when deciding on a skin bleaching cream is Hydroquinone . This is because Hydroquinone is extremely dangerous and may lead to the development of cancer . It has already been banned in countries like the U.K. and France , and Dr. Jacobs of the F.D.A. has concluded that Hydroquinone is mutagenic , clastogenic , and immunotoxic . After learning of this new research , our team concludes that you should avoid any product which containsHydroquinone and instead use products which include the safer lightening agent
 THIS CONTAINS hydroquinone , WHICH CAN AND WILL GIVE YOU CANCER . ITS ALL OVER THE INTERNET IF YOU GOOGLE IT IT SAYS TO STAY AWAY FROM ANY PRODUCTS THAT HAVE THIS CHEMICAL IN IT . IT IS ILLEGAL IN THE US AND MANY OTHER COUNTRIES TO HAVE AND SELL THIS ITEM SO IM NOT EVEN SURE HOW THEY ARE SELLING IT ON HERE . BUT IF YOU GOOLE ESOSTERICA IT WILL SHOW YOU THE INGREDIENTS AND hydroquinone IS IN FACT IN THIS CREAM . IT IS NOT SAFE ! BECAREFULL IF YOU DO END UP BEING FOOLISH ENOUGH TO TRY THIS .
 These bottles do not spray a fine mist but instead they spray a steady stream . -LRB- did n't make a difference if they contained plain water or oil -RRB- . I gave them two stars because they are sturdy little bottles .
 i shopped for a long time to try to find a FINE MIST spray bottle to use to infuse essential oils into the air ... WHEN THEY ARRIVED THEY ARE ONLY LABELED 8 OZ SPRAY BOTTLE ... AND THEY HAVE A SPRAY AS ANY OTHER SPRAY BOTTLE ... I HATE MISLEADING ADVERTISEMENTS AND WILL NEVER ORDER FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN FOR THAT VERY REASON ...
 I wanted to try something a little heavier , maybe even muskier , for winter . As a huge fan of Halloween by J Del Pozo I was reading good reviews on In Black and In White . In Black is supposed to be more winter appropriate than In White so I decided to take a risk . I have to be honest , I was a little disappointed by this fragrance . It 's probably wonderful for someone else , but I just did not care for the scent . I know the price is on the lower end , but Halloween is n't exactly pricey and it smells amazing , so I figured this would n't be a let down . However , the perfume does smell cheap ... and maybe a little too musky for me . Also , the nozzle under the cap breaks off easily , but the bottle itself is somewhat attractive . But I guess that 's what I get for blind-purchasing a perfume .
 While this scent is fairly nice for the winter , alas 4 sprays are barely discernible some 1 or 2 hours later , thus I am downgrading a fragrance I like but would not purchase again . It wo n't `` offend '' anyone but that 's only because they wo n't be able to smell it . Really more of a `` body spray '' - read mostly alcohol . Like many perfumes in this price category , basically a waste of money .
 I 've used it for a month and have seen absolutely no change.It feels nice and fresh under my eyes , but that 's just about it
 I got this product as I was told it was a good product for thinning hair to help it look thicker . I did n't notice any changes after my first few uses but figured to give it some time . After a couple of weeks , I found it to be inferior to the prior products I have been using regarding hair thickening . It also makes my hair very greasy , such that if I touch my hair throughout the day I must wash my hands to get the greasy feeling off . It also led to some breakouts of my forehead around my hairline , which other products have not done . Does n't get my vote at all .
 I like the scent although it 's more like an eau de toilette . I tried it because it was on sale it and was still priced higher than other sale fragrances . I thought Lalique would do better . I am extremely disappointed by the cheap bottle . I would expect more of a brand such as Lalique known for their glass . The lid is cheap plastic and does insult to the brand.Lalique By Lalique For Women . Eau De Parfum Spray 3.3 Ounces
 I purchased this perfume from Saks Fifth Ave. and returned it after hearing that I could get it at Amazon for less money . Well , they wrong !!! It is like wearing nothing at all . I feel like I have been robbed ... Never again will I purchase another perfume from this website or any other website on Amazon .
 This was crap . It smelled really nice but that 's about it . Maybe it just did n't work for my hair type . If you have thick relaxed African American hair , or you 're a natural with low porosity I would not recommend it at all . I think my hair just needs sulfates because this really just sat on top of my hair and I dont feel like it got clean enough .
 This shampoo overdries my relaxed hair dry and coarse the minute it touches it , and so tangled it 's unbelievable . This is the 1st time ever a shampoo does this to me . I wanted to try a different sulphate-free product as I 've tried Organix and those are very gentle and detangling , but Burt 's Bees is maybe for another type of hair , maybe hair that 's not chemically processed .
 I like that this shampoo is all natural , that 's why I purchased it and the reason that I 'm giving it 2 stars . However , it is harsh , strips my hair and does n't create shine as claimed . I also do n't like the smell . It 's a bitter , grapefruit smell and is n't pleasant at all . I 'm really disappointed with this shampoo . Burt 's Bees usually has good products but this one missed the mark .
 At first this shampoo does n't smell too bad . A little citrusy . -LRB- The matching conditioner , though , is awful from the start . -RRB- Over time , though , this shampoo degrades and it smells exactly like plastic . I disliked how it worked on my hair -LRB- I have long , fine hair -RRB- . I tried to use up the shampoo as bubble bath for my kids -- HUGE mistake , it smelled like a plastic factory in my bathroom ! I threw the bottle out and wo n't buy it again .
 Where do I start with Burt ? He seems like an alright guy since he looks one of my favorite wrestlers of all time Hillbilly Jim!Man , when him and his whole family including Uncle Elmer and cousin Luke would come out to `` Do n't Go Messing With a Country Boy '' I would throw my cereal bowl across the room and start square dancing . My momma thought I was insane since I was by myself but what an inspiration he was!Back to Burt Bee.I will make this one pretty easy for you and my spell check button.I would like to ask the men a question.Do you want your hair to smell like Grapefruit and Sugarbeets?I did n't think so ! Go buy some Pert!This has been Ronny Tucker with Hillbilly Hygiene saying `` Free do n't mean free unless you are drinking out of a lake ''
 My husband and I started using this shampoo -LRB- and conditioner -RRB- two weeks ago . I did not find the smell to be anything more than pleasant . However , my hair is starting to look really stringy and oily . My husband , who has great hair , has developed dandruff . When I saw those flakes I started looking for something else .
 I bought this product because it is the `` safest '' and healthiest shampoo -LRB- per info on http://www.cosmeticsdatabase.com/ -RRB- that I can find in stores at anything near a reasonable price . I also bought the conditioner.I have tried both products now for several days , and overall I am unpleased . Here are my thoughts : Pros : - easy to find compared to other `` safe '' and healthy shampoos-priced lower than some competitors-recyclable -LRB- not recycled ! -RRB- bottle-excellent , exciting fragrance -LRB- this was the best part of the product -RRB- - thick texture , did n't fall off my hands-shampoo does actually lather compared to other `` safe '' shampoos-hair felt clean -LRB- too clean ? -RRB- after shampooing , which is the goal -LRB- I have n't noticed a residue yet -RRB- Cons -LRB- major cons -RRB- : - shampoo is soooo difficult to distribute through the hair , as it does not have a silky texture , so I ended up having to use a larger quantity of shampoo compared to conventional shampoos -LRB- NOTE
 The old version of this shampoo was awesome . It was , in fact , the only shampoo I could use without my hair falling out and scalp burning which sulphates in regular washes would do . Well now they messed up this shampoo literally . I have hair that reaches my rear and its like washing my hair with Crisco or some kind of lard . It 's nasty . I 've complained to Burts Bees and I dont think it makes much difference . The new bottle , by the way , is to prevent you from seeing the goop inside that wont rinse down the sink . Ive bought up as many bottles of the old version to just prolong the inevitable . But that 's like the only thing I can think to do . This new stuff sucks .
 definitely not very volumizing . i think this cleans hair well , but that 's about all that i liked about it and i 've definitely gotten a clean as good or better with different products with a much better total outcome . this shampoo left my hair feeling a little dry and unmanageable and certainly not soft . i did give my hair time to get used to the product as some other users/reviewers had suggested in hopes that i 'd get better results but time did not make it any better . i enjoy using natural products , but this simply is not a very good one . also , the smell is delightful in small doses but over time it seems to be too rich . you know what i like better ? yes to carrots products . highly recommended .
 If you want dull , brittle and flat hair this is the perfect shampoo for use . It is full of chemicals and will strip you hair of all life making it dull , brittle , and flat . My wife thought that her hair dyes were destroying her hair . It was not the hair dyes it was this shampoo . Avoid this shampoo ; it is the worst . It is full of soy , GMOs , harmful chemicals and who knows what else . This used to be a great shampoo . Too bad the Clorox corporation destroyed it when they bought Burt 's Bees.We switched to J.R. Liggett 's shampoo bars . My wife 's hair completely changed after using J.R. Liggett only once . Now her hair is fluffy , soft , and bouncy .
 I 'm very conflicted about Burt 's Bees line . On the one hand , there are a couple of products that are great go-to options for me -LRB- for example the classic lip balm and the garden tomato toner -RRB- , and then there are ones that seem like nobody even tested out before slapping a logo on them and putting them out on the shelves . I have long , fine hair , and I 've been looking for a shampoo that leaves it clean and manageable . This is not that shampoo . After using it daily for a week , my hair was oily and limp , and looked as if it had n't been washed in days . Also , this shampoo smells bad ; not in a perfumey , overly cosmetic way , but in a muddy , plasticy way . i do n't even know how else to describe it . The hunt for a sulfate free shampoo that works continues -LRB- sadly -RRB- .
 I felt like this really weighed my hair down and made it especially flat . I 've totally stopped using it as a shampoo but it works fine if you use it as a bubble bath .
 I bought this shampoo -LRB- and it 's matching conditioner -RRB- a few months ago because they were on clearance at Target . I just started using it . The shampoo WILL lather if you rub it in your hands first . However , my hair is SO dry . At first it was a bit oily -LRB- I do n't think i was rinsing it out well enough since it does seem a bit thicker than other shampoos I have used -RRB- . I decided to stick it out and see if it got better . My hair does look clean for longer than most shampoo/conditions I 've used . However , my hair is tangly and dry all the time , including immediately after I get out of the shower . I would not recommend this product.Just for info
 I dont know the problem , but I bay this item in 7/25/11 , and today , I dont know where its my perfum ... this seeler its very irresponsable
 My husband used this product for years when we could get it at the drugstore . Then they stopped carrying it . I searched the internet for it without success . Then I saw it on Amazon . It always was expense and on Amazon more than I remembered , but my husband really liked it , so I ordered it . He had n't opened the jar until last night and found that the pads had completely dried out . The inner seal was completely missing ! What a disappointment since the window for returning it has closed . My loss , do n't let it be yours !
 The product description says `` Single Pair of Goggles , One Pair Only . Random Pick of color . comes with elastic strap '' ... they do not come with an elastic strap ! So if you tan in a stand-up bed these are useless .
 I have been using Eye Candy for years and love them . These particular ones here on Amazon though , are not first run quality . The little tabs on the side where you tie the elastic band are very thin and not complete , so my elastic keeps popping off and they fall off . Very poor quality . I wasted my $ 10 . Not happy .
 Ordered this product with the intention to use in a stand up tanning bed - I try to avoid all of the fungi growing on the usual beds . The goggles arrived in a timely manner , though without the promised elastic strap . I do n't even know how a strap would be attached to these things . These goggles will barely stay on my face with a little squinting while standing -LRB- I have a larger sized head -RRB- . My fiance ca n't get them to stay put at all.They also let some light in while I 'm wearing them -LRB- through the resulting crevices on the top and bottom -RRB- . One is able to see the majority of the visual field with these on , in rose color anyway . There are no specifics listed as to how much UV protection is provided . There is a mention of adherence to some tanning guideline/law but after looking this up I was unsure of any implication for tanning goggles in the document . Seems a little dubious.Also , the description says `` random pick colors '' which may be true . Unfortunately , I received the pepto-pink shown . Maybe I was unlucky , but I wonder how many others are really getting different colors . That 's not really a big deal , but what IS a big deal is charging almost seven dollars for something that others are charging only a couple for then lying about the contents .
 I was excited to get some cute pink tanning goggles , but was very surprised to see just how completely transparent and flimsy these goggles were . I honestly could not bring myself to use them in the tanning booth , because I have a hard time believing that they protect your eyes at all , compared to darker goggles that actually dim visible light.Maybe it is just paranoia , I do n't know , but I think it 's worth sacrificing a little goggle-cuteness in order to actually protect your eyes . I mean , come on , if you get skin cancer on an arm or leg and they have to cut a chunk out , no biggie , but if you get it on your eyelid , and they have to cut a chunk out ... THEN YOU HAVE NO EYELID.Priorities , people .
 The hair dryer is not as I have expected . I got it yesterday and had all intention to return it . However , after reading the restocking fees and shipping cost I decided it is cheaper to keep it . I will never buy a product without checking it out first .1 . The hair dryer is LOUD . I need to use ear plugs when using it .2 . The instruction is very brief .3 . It is not easy to attach the brushes4 . The dual voltage changes need to use a screwdriver to go inside of the product-too troublesome for me.I should have got a hair dryer from Sally Supplies paying a little more . The sales clerks were very knowledgeable . Instead , I am buying a pig in a poke and having buyer remorse . My last hair dryer lasted 35 years . I wanted to donate this one out already .
 I always loved this perfume and have been looking for it for ages but its out of production so when i found it on Amazon i could n't believe my luck ! I bought 2 bottles and could not wait for them to reach me . unfortunately the perfume smelt terrible ! I thought maybe it was a case of expectations and memory being sweeter than it was in actuality but when i had my sister smell it too , she also agreed it was terrible . The perfume has expired !!! Its terrible and now i have 2 bottles of old , unusable perfume . Amazon should not be selling junk like this ...
 I used them once and threw them away.They suck ! I was looking for goggles that blocked out the light and did not make me look like a racoon . When I was done tanning , my eyes hurt from squinting and of course I looked like a racoon . Please dont buy these things !
 I do n't like this style to use in a tannning bed , you have to balance them so they do n't fall off ! I threw them out and bought the kind that are molded together with a band around the back of your head .
 The US , single-language-label version of this product works great . The product I received from Amazon , though , included both English and French on the label and may have been intended for the Canadian market . This version did not work well at all
 This stuff does not work at all . There 's really nothing else to say about it other than save your money for something else that might .
 product was too old ... how I knew is because when I had one years ago the consistency was white . This tube was clear and oily , it settled . I bought it to absorb oil , not to put oil on my face . It was n't worth it to me to return . Will never buy beauty products off the internet again .
 I used this product for about two weeks without noticing any difference in my skin whatsoever . Now granted , it might work better if I used it longer , but I had a hard enough time just using it more than once - it 's VERY strongly scented , and it 's the exact floral type of scent that gives me an instant headache . I just could not bring myself to use this spray longer than a couple weeks because of it , and I 'm surprised I made it that long.The product is a very thin liquid and the bottle sprays a very fine mist - perhaps it would work better if it sprayed a heavier quantity of product . I used to use the Clinique equivalent -LRB- which has long since been discontinued -RRB- and compared to that , this stuff is about as effective as spraying myself with horribly fragranced water . It does , however , spray upside down ! At least when the bottle 's full ... I ended up throwing mine away and would definitely not purchase it again as it - I would considering giving it another -LRB- longer -RRB- try it it were fragrance-free , since that 's the biggest issue with it for me .
 I have used the product for 2 months , and it just has n't worked . My problem is just as bad as it was before I started using it . I am glad it works for others , but I just ca n't give it more than one star .
 I really did n't like this body wash . The smell was not pleasing and it left a film on my skin . I think the concept of microbeads in body wash is a bad one . I would n't recommend or purchase this product .
 This is pretty good , however , it barely makes any foam so you need to use a lot of it when you take a shower , and since the bottle is so small it will last you about a week for just one person .
 Has n't done much for me , but I do n't use it religiously . Maybe I 'd get better results if I used it constantly .
 Dont really notice a difference prob i use it to much since I take a shower twice a day
 I used this item and I didnt notice much of a difference . I would not buy it again . I switched to another brand and I am now seeing an improvement .
 I 've been using this wash for at least 3 weeks now , and instead of working as promised , my minimal acne turned into big red zits in my back and chest and multiplied the smaller zits . It does smell very good , though .
 I went through 2 bottles of this product with absolutely no results . My acne seemed to have gotten worse . I was disappointed because I love Neutrogena products especially the grapefruit cleanser .
 This product was to strong for my skin and I developed a rash . It may work well for other people , but not for me .
 I bought this product , because I was suddenly breaking out on my back and the reviews were good , but like every product out there , it depends on the person . It smells good and lathers really well , but I have already used half the bottle and it made me break out even more . I would not recommend this at all . Now that it 's hot , I ca n't even wear tank tops anymore . Be careful before you buy .
 I have bad , painful acne on my back and face . This did nothing and may as well have been water .
 I found this product to be okay ; I did n't get all those dramatic results most of the reviews did . I guess in terms of my skin , it would be oily . I 'm in my early 20s and in the last year , I decided to try to get rid of the acne on my back and chest after usually being focused on my face . One bottle lasts a little over a month since I just used it on my back and chest . When I first used it I was pleased , I was no longer breaking out but my previous scars did n't really seem to be clearing . When I got to the last third of the bottle , I started breaking out again . Over time , it did leave my skin smooth -LRB- besides the random breakout bumps -RRB- and creates this `` semi-shine '' that I was pleased with . The shine is similar to the results you would get from using a drop of baby oil . Bought a second bottle , but I never got the non-breakout results I did the first time I bought it . I decided to start washing 2x a day , but at night I use Dove to avoid serious dryness . After about 2 weeks , it has n't helped in terms of no breakouts and my skin is n't has smooth so I 'll stop using the Dove . I could see clearing start but I knew it would be a long-term thing before I received good results . I do have to apply a little moisturizer about once a week for dryness . I 'll prolly continue using it , until I find a replacement that has real clearing results .
 I 'm not sure if I was using too much of it or what , but it bleached my shirts after I sprayed it -LRB- and let it dry -RRB- on my shoulders !!
 I too got a rash on my neck from using this product . It seemed to work for a couple weeks but now I am breaking out worse than before .
 Received this as a gift and the first time I tried to use it in the shower the scrub would not come out of the bottle . By the time I did manage to get some out I was exhausted . I tried to use this product several times with the same problem but also I did not feel smooth at all after using it . I felt pretty dry , gave up and threw it away .
 I was very disappointed that upon the 3rd use of this product , the brush part completely came apart without any pressure ! The glue that they use to attach the brush part completely separated from the handle .
 the handled of the bath brush has a bad odor . even . weeks after i received it the odor is still there.there is a plastic around the end of the handle that gives off this bad smell .
 Unfortunatly did n't know the smell but ... what can I spect for a product that cost as much as the mail ?
 Hmmm - I wrote this review a few days ago and it was pulled down so I feel so strongly about this that I will write it again.I used this product and from the moment it touched my skin it started to burn , and burn bad so of course I immediatly washed it off my face . By the next morning , my face was very red , lightly -LRB- but obviously -RRB- swollen and my skin was tight and in pain . Today as I write this my face is still red , irritated and swollen , but not as bad and this three days later . My skin is flaking off.I did not have an allergic reaction to this product , the problem was the various acids in the product burned my skin . Its not that these acids are not safe , but do an internet search on them and all of the sites tell you to do a skin test before using prodects like this . Neutrogema fails to put any sugnifigant warning or indication that there is a chance that this product will not be good for your skin.Sorry so long everyone . This is probably a great product for some , just be careful before you throw it on your face .
 As a young adult , I have acne-prone skin with some enlarged pores around around my nose . I bought this hoping it would help clear me up , when , in fact , it did quite the opposite . When I first squeezed some into my hand I noticed that it had a very chemically odor . After I used it and rinsed my face , as soon as I opened my eyes they burned like I had just been rubbing peppers on them , so I rinsed , rinsed , rinsed some more until the burning stopped . My face felt clean , but smelled like chemicals , and in the morning I woke up with a few new zits . I was n't sure the cleanser was causing the breakout , so I kept using it . I slowly developed terrible acne and had to stop using it . About a week after I did , I was back to normal . I gave this cleanser to my sister to try and she had very good results , but stopped using it because she was concerned about the chemical odor . I would not recommend a product that has the potential to cause the problems I experienced .
 Overall , I just did not like this cleanser . Here 's why :1 -RRB- When I use a facial cleanser , I expect my face to feel refreshed and to glow . With this cleanser , my face just felt the same and looked sort of blah .2 -RRB- I do n't care for the scent . It 's somewhat soapy and sharp .3 -RRB- I was disappointed in the exfoliating aspect - this feels more like a cream cleanser . The microbeads are indeed there , but they do n't seem to do much . Maybe they do and I just ca n't see it .4 -RRB- I have n't noticed a visible improvement in my skin . My pores are the same size and my skin does NOT look refined . Granted , I do n't use it every day so maybe that 's why . Or maybe it has to do with # 3 . I realize that successful results are partly dependent on daily use . But for me , a pleasant scent and positive , noticeable , immediate results help motivate me to use the product . This product , unfortunately , does not motivate me .
 I wanted to love this product ! I followed the directions exactly , but yeowch !!! I used it ONCE on my eyelids and it burned them to a crisp ! Its been 3 weeks and my eyelids are still swollen and bumpy . I still use them UNDER my eyes as directed but the results are minimal . The skin under my eyes feels a little smoother , but if I had n't already shelled out the cash , I would n't bother to use them at all . I love all of the other Olay products , but this one falls waaaay short.P.S . Amazon has this listed at $ 27 . At drugstores its around $ 20 - $ 21 ... save your money anyway .
 I bought this product for puffiness underneath my eyes and crows feet . I am on week 2 and it looks like my puffiness has gotten worse . The puffiness had gotten so bad I became embarrassed to leave the house . It did nothing for my crows feet .
 I tried derma pods twice wish itchy rashes as a result both times . The skin just came off .
 Cologne smelled very good on a coworker so he told me the brand and I ordered theeau de toilette because the cologne is so expensive.Maybe there is a difference between the cologne and the eau de toilette , but it probably has to do with the phenomenon of smellingdifferent on different people.Anyway , I thought it smelled nice on my coworker , but I rarely use it because now I think itsmells vile.In defence of the product , my girlfriend likes it on me , which is the only reason Itolerate it occasionally , -LRB- plus I do n't want all that money I spent on it down the drain -RRB- . I suspect this bottle will last for decades , since I dislike it so much.Do yourself a favor , and do n't purchase fragrances online unless you already know you like it or have tested it out on yourself first .
 After reading all the glowing reviews on this scent , I thought it would be one of the best scents on the market . I do n't own this product but I did try it and I was terribly disappointed . So because this is n't a scent that 's easily found in Macy 's I thought I 'd post my review of what I thought of it . To me it smelled almost exactly like the original Polo Ralph Lauren -LRB- green bottle -RRB- , which I also do n't care for . But it does have remarkable stay power -- about two hours after spraying it on my arm I washed my arm and I can still smell the fragrance . If you 're a fan of the original Polo and you 're out then by all means give this a try .
 I was expecting so much more from Terre DHermes given the reviews . It has a woody smell but it does n't smell like an expensive cologne . I tend to like fresh smelling colognes like the Aqua Di Gio , Armani Black , Issey Miyake , Prada Infusion , Jean Paul Gaultier . Any of these is much better than this one . Its not long-lasting either . May be it works for others but not for me , this was a huge disappointment .
 I am a fan of many different types of fragrances . Right now I 've been using YSL 's L'homme quite a bit . Trying D'Hermes after wearing that felt like a major downgrade and disappointment.To me this was an obnoxious scent ; burnt wood and shaved citrus rinds sums it up nicely . Not only that but it is a very overpowering burnt wood and citrus . With only two sprays and even after hours it was still up my nose , and I know everyone within a 20 ' radius in the grocery store could smell it as well . If you 're into that then I highly recommend this EDT . It has good staying power and good sillage ; unfortunately in the case of a scent this bad that is not something to brag about.I should mention I bought the EDT and not the parfum .
 I got this as a gift - based on `` expert '' reviews and recommendations . Found it vile and extremely offensive.Do not purchase this unless you have tried it . This cologne is not for everyone - if you are in below 30 you may not have many opportunities to wear this , even if you like it.I can best describe the scent as the juice of over-ripe -LRB- almost rotten -RRB- oranges mixed with asphalt , or burnt tires . The scent is very potent , and longevity is extreme - this is wonderful if you actually like the smell . I personally find it very offensive and difficult to tolerate . People around me had an strong adverse reaction - the predominant statement was that this smells like an industrial insect repellent - not exactly the type of compliment one likes to receive.People 's sense of smell is different and some will undoubtedly love this . Many will convince themselves they `` love '' it because of the brand name , cost and the numerous glowing `` expert '' reviews . Again , try before you buy , this can be a major disappointment .
 Given Jean-Claude Ellena 's fame , and all the hype about Terre D'Hermes , this scent is not at all popular . The notes by themselves are great . It is only for very specific kind of people . Almost all of the young folks have seriously found the scent , unbearable . Do not wear it for a concert and/or singles night out ! For the price , it is simply not justified . One suggestion to big perfume houses , keep the top notes simple and easy , base notes need to be convivial , you may experiment with the middle notes however .
 The fragrance house itself is great , the product Amazon sent me was no good.The serial number was shaved off of the bottle and cut out from the bottom of the box , the bar code below the UPS on the box was cut out and replaced.The fragrance itself smells like a watered down version of the real thing and lasts maybe 30 minutes.I know Amazon would not sell poor product intentionally . Not sure if this is the same you would find with the 3rd party sellers .
 Like most people I do n't like buying cologne online because there are so many fakes sold on the internet . However , when I saw that this item was shipped directly from Amazon I thought it must be legitimate . Well , since then my cologne has arrived and boy was I WRONG!The box comes wrapped in hard plastic like most new cologne , this made me believe it was new and un-opened , wrong again . They must have put it in this plastic themselves.On the bottom of the box , the serial numbers have been cut off , and this cut covered by a white sticker . Seeing this made me realize already something was up , why would Amazon do this?So I open the box , and the INSIDE of the box is ripped . This obviously means that someone has already previously opened this box . This was all the proof I needed.I ca n't tell you about the cologne itself as I did n't spray it so that I can return this . I ca n't believe amazon sent something like this to me .
 You 've sent me the pink one , when I stated that I want the purple one.Never had time to send it back , but not a good precedent .
 everything was fine with the way it was delivered , but the scent of this perfume is not very good.i thought it would be a really good scent like the regular Fantasy , but this is no where near being half as good.i would n't recommend buying it online if you 've never smelled it before .
 Received the gloMinerals gloBlush in Spice Berry very quickly , however the first time I used it , it just broke up into pieces once I touched it with my blush brush . Very brittle must be very old cant use it .
 I have ordered this and other products like it from various retailers before . This one was not as full as it should have been . The bottle was only 75 % full , I will not order from that merchant again ...
 It is n't that great . Not worth spending all the money . I would not spend the money on this hair spray again .
 The fragrance house itself is great , the product Amazon sent me was no good.The serial number was shaved off of the bottle and cut out from the bottom of the box , the bar code below the UPS on the box was cut out and replaced.The fragrance itself smells like a watered down version of the real thing and lasts maybe 30 minutes.I know Amazon would not sell poor product intentionally . Not sure if this is the same you would find with the 3rd party sellers .
 Like most people I do n't like buying cologne online because there are so many fakes sold on the internet . However , when I saw that this item was shipped directly from Amazon I thought it must be legitimate . Well , since then my cologne has arrived and boy was I WRONG!The box comes wrapped in hard plastic like most new cologne , this made me believe it was new and un-opened , wrong again . They must have put it in this plastic themselves.On the bottom of the box , the serial numbers have been cut off , and this cut covered by a white sticker . Seeing this made me realize already something was up , why would Amazon do this?So I open the box , and the INSIDE of the box is ripped . This obviously means that someone has already previously opened this box . This was all the proof I needed.I ca n't tell you about the cologne itself as I did n't spray it so that I can return this . I ca n't believe amazon sent something like this to me .
 Cologne smelled very good on a coworker so he told me the brand and I ordered theeau de toilette because the cologne is so expensive.Maybe there is a difference between the cologne and the eau de toilette , but it probably has to do with the phenomenon of smellingdifferent on different people.Anyway , I thought it smelled nice on my coworker , but I rarely use it because now I think itsmells vile.In defence of the product , my girlfriend likes it on me , which is the only reason Itolerate it occasionally , -LRB- plus I do n't want all that money I spent on it down the drain -RRB- . I suspect this bottle will last for decades , since I dislike it so much.Do yourself a favor , and do n't purchase fragrances online unless you already know you like it or have tested it out on yourself first .
 After reading all the glowing reviews on this scent , I thought it would be one of the best scents on the market . I do n't own this product but I did try it and I was terribly disappointed . So because this is n't a scent that 's easily found in Macy 's I thought I 'd post my review of what I thought of it . To me it smelled almost exactly like the original Polo Ralph Lauren -LRB- green bottle -RRB- , which I also do n't care for . But it does have remarkable stay power -- about two hours after spraying it on my arm I washed my arm and I can still smell the fragrance . If you 're a fan of the original Polo and you 're out then by all means give this a try .
 I was expecting so much more from Terre DHermes given the reviews . It has a woody smell but it does n't smell like an expensive cologne . I tend to like fresh smelling colognes like the Aqua Di Gio , Armani Black , Issey Miyake , Prada Infusion , Jean Paul Gaultier . Any of these is much better than this one . Its not long-lasting either . May be it works for others but not for me , this was a huge disappointment .
 I am a fan of many different types of fragrances . Right now I 've been using YSL 's L'homme quite a bit . Trying D'Hermes after wearing that felt like a major downgrade and disappointment.To me this was an obnoxious scent ; burnt wood and shaved citrus rinds sums it up nicely . Not only that but it is a very overpowering burnt wood and citrus . With only two sprays and even after hours it was still up my nose , and I know everyone within a 20 ' radius in the grocery store could smell it as well . If you 're into that then I highly recommend this EDT . It has good staying power and good sillage ; unfortunately in the case of a scent this bad that is not something to brag about.I should mention I bought the EDT and not the parfum .
 I got this as a gift - based on `` expert '' reviews and recommendations . Found it vile and extremely offensive.Do not purchase this unless you have tried it . This cologne is not for everyone - if you are in below 30 you may not have many opportunities to wear this , even if you like it.I can best describe the scent as the juice of over-ripe -LRB- almost rotten -RRB- oranges mixed with asphalt , or burnt tires . The scent is very potent , and longevity is extreme - this is wonderful if you actually like the smell . I personally find it very offensive and difficult to tolerate . People around me had an strong adverse reaction - the predominant statement was that this smells like an industrial insect repellent - not exactly the type of compliment one likes to receive.People 's sense of smell is different and some will undoubtedly love this . Many will convince themselves they `` love '' it because of the brand name , cost and the numerous glowing `` expert '' reviews . Again , try before you buy , this can be a major disappointment .
 Given Jean-Claude Ellena 's fame , and all the hype about Terre D'Hermes , this scent is not at all popular . The notes by themselves are great . It is only for very specific kind of people . Almost all of the young folks have seriously found the scent , unbearable . Do not wear it for a concert and/or singles night out ! For the price , it is simply not justified . One suggestion to big perfume houses , keep the top notes simple and easy , base notes need to be convivial , you may experiment with the middle notes however .
 This product has a strong chemical odor that I could n't handle . I use it reluctantly because I have paid for it , but am looking forward to when I am done .
 I owned a remington supersonic and bought this dryer to replace it . I hate this dryer . It takes much longer to dry and makes my hair frizzy . Would probably be okay if you had fine hair , but it is not for someone with thick wavy hair .
 I searched and searched for a product that would blow hard and hot enough to tame my naturally curly hair and this one did ... until this morning when it started making a weird noise and then smelled funny . I turned it off , turned it back on and it doesnt sound like the same dryer AT ALL . Now , I am on the internet , about to buy the CHI -LRB- which I almost did originally -RRB- one for $ 125 and wasted the initial $ 50 I spent on this ... thankfully its so cheap now so I dont feel so bad for anyone who actually buys it . I would say its worth about $ 15 ... NOT the $ 50 I paid for it at ULTA ! Oh , and the fancy silver started coming off the side of the dryer within a few weeks and the rubber has been pealing alos , so it has looked awful for months !
 The good
 Gave it two stars because it did covers the gray and blends in with my hair color . But its very greasy/wet feeling just using a small amount . Like other reviews it does n't dry and if you touch your hair the color comes off onto your fingers . Will not be purchasing again .
 I have used this product just for trial . It never dry after 1 hour . WhenI touch my hair , it is still wet with my hand all in brown color.Not a good product at all ; it needs a lot of improvementsnoopy54321
 I am really heart broken over this product I was really excited about this product . I used it for the first time last night and about 30min to an hour later I had to take another shower because my whole body started itching really bad . Thank God I did n't break out in hives .
 you 've got to be kidding me . Almond cookie , smelled more like scented toilet paper and Jean Nate that never wears off . Do n't be fooled by the other reviews .
 I had the impression that the roller size was bigger on these . It 's the attached fasteners that make it look that way in the pictures . I found using them awkward as well , do n't care for the way they dangle either .
 Buyers Beware ... I purchaed these rollers and used them one time . The rollers made my hair a bit frizzy so I decided to return them back to the seller . The seller has the rollers , but refuses to refund me in full because I used them one time . I will never purchase any items from this seller . I tried a different set of rolers from another seller and returned those as well . That seller gave me a full refund and also paid for the shipping back to them - Now that seller knows what `` Customer Service '' really means .
 I was looking for a product to straighten my hair . This is to make tiny curls .
 This is the second set of curlers I have bought that were the wrap and roll . The first set worked so great I decided to get a set for my friend , unfortunately hers BARELY heat up and leave minimal curl . I thought maybe she was not leaving them on long enough so I went over to her house a week or 2 ago and plugged in her set and rolled up just one curler in my hair and left if for 30 + minutes , I had a ONLY a MINOR wave , nothing like the curl I recieve from my rollers . So I guess with a set like these it 's 50/50 for heat and preformance
 This stuff smells good and makes my skin have a nice tingle , but there is one flaw I did n't consider - the directions have you let this partially dry , then rub it in , then partially dry and then rub it so it rolls in little bits off of your skin , revealing new skin underneath . YES , it DOES make me have a nice tingle and it DOES make my skin feel soft , HOWEVER , you really have to rub your face and you are stretching your skin all over the place , it just felt SO WRONG to be pulling , pushing and stretching my skin like that to make the product roll off and sprinkle into the sink . I do n't feel right using it , so it was sort of a waste of money .
 This is probably the first product that I really have to say I did n't like.I have had the gel peels and I thought this was like it . I felt like I was rubbing my face off and it did n't leave my skin refreshed or even remove much of the dry skin . I do n't have much dry skin but I did on my forehead and it did n't remove it more than a regular scrub would . And I have micro scrubs that are soooo much better . Sorry Guys ' I would return it but I ca n't be bothered .
 I purchased thermasilk shampoo on line from amazon.com.The product bottle looks the same but the product inside is different from my original thermasilk shampoo . The original I previously had was a milky white color and worked great . My newly purchased product is a transparent goldish color and is no better than any cheap product on the market now . It leaves my hair very dry . I would n't mind a product not working , but $ 8.00 for the shampoo and $ 6.00 for shipping is unexceptable for a product which I am highly dissatisfied with . Pete
 i bought this case and although it seemed sturdy I 've been using it for less than 4 months and one of the wheels broke off and is not fixable , it ripped right off and there 's now a whole in the bottom of the case . The case does not even stand right now !
 DO NOT BUY if you need a fragrance-free product ! Even if none of the ingredients is intended as fragrance , this product smells perfumey and bad . Unsafe for MCS - beware !
 I bought Nars Penny Lane Blush because of all the great reviews . I did n't want a color that was too bright , however , Penny Lane Blush is way too light . I had to put a lot on to be able to see it and I have very fair skin . This is the kind of thing you should really buy in person .
 Been vegan since ' 95 , and I 've used this for years . Just does n't do much from my perspective . I like Gabriel Cosmetic 's eye cream better .
 would be the perfect lotion minus the alphy hydroxy acids that rip and peel the skin off , perfect for winter !!
 Unfortunately , the handle does not stay on . This product is in two parts and you snap a handle into the base of the puff . Everytime I tried to use it to scrub my back it came apart at the smallest pressure . I tried to use the puff without the handle but it was too awkward to hold . A complete waste of money .
 I recently brought Vitamin C facial cleanser and lotion . I have an allergic reaction to the product after two days of usage . The product made my skin dry and worn out . I have a rash on my forehead , around my eyes , shoulders . Its a hot mess . I 'm African American the only reason why I mentioned race is because it may not be for African American / Black skin . What works for one race may not work for all .
 This product must be almost entirely alcohol . I put it on and immediately the fumes were so bad I could barely breathe - had to leave the room and go outside to get my breath ! That is no exaggeration . Then , after the product dried , it kept flaking off . I presume this was my skin being dried to flakes from all the alcohol . This is a very bad product and I would never , ever use this on children in particular . I 'm surprised they were allowed to put it on the market .
 I ordered this product hoping it was the same as the product I was using . The picture that was shown was the exact product that I had at home but when the order arrived it was the `` new , improved '' product with completely different ingredients . This new product does not work as well as the old one . If they would have changed the picture from the purple bottle to the cream colored one , then I would have known that the product had changed . Even the name is different.Since ordering the above hair product I have tried `` Bouncy Cream '' by Iso . It is a wonderful product and so much better than this one from Silky , Sexy Hair .
 I was disappointed in this product . While it did reduce the puffiness it leaves a white film under your eyes . I used several bottles and it always got the same results .
 Sudden Change Eye Serum is a rip-off . You might as well stick rubber cement under your eyes for all the good it does . It 's like a clear paste that does n't dry clear . Not only does it do nothing for your under eye issues , it leaves a VISIBLE crusty streak on your skin as it dries . This is an impulse buy fueled by fear of getting older , and you do n't need it . Learn from my mistake .
 This smells almost exactly like CK One , except it costs way more . If you are on a budget I would recommend you just buy CK One . It is a good smelling fragrance , but for the cost you can find something that smells just as good for half the price .
 I 've bought this brand many times and been happy with them , but this last package was awful . Not sure what changed . The elastics just do n't have the right stretch to them . They just seem way too tight . I could n't get it around a ponytail the right amount of times . Either it was too loose and the ponytail holder just fell out , or i had to force it around one more time which resulted in a snapped ponytail holder . I think next time i will buy from a local store so i can feel the elasticity before purchasing .
 The rubber bands are cheap looking . You can see the two ends unevenly connected by glue . Also they are extremely tight , they give me a headache .
 I 'm not happy with the ponytails you call `` ouchless '' . They are NOT ouchless . I ca n't even get my hair pulled up to go swimming at my aunt 's house today , it hurts SO BADLY to even pull my hair up . I want my money back RIGHT NOW .
 I really wanted to like this brush . It did a wonderful job on my hair the first few times I used it . Unfortunately , it broke after only 2 weeks of use . A pretty large section of the brush broke off while I was doing my hair . Considering the price of the product , I was very upset . Based on my experience , I ca n't say that I would recommend this brush .
 unfortunately to find scam sites on amazon.com that sell people fake product , their service was very fast but the cologne was n't an original one , it smells terrible and even the bottle and everything looked cheaply made . i advice customers to search well before make an order .
 I was very excited to try my own gel nails - yea , it does work good and it does dry under the UV light but after a day or so it turns into a yellow haze . And i only noticed because i ordered another brand and applied it on my ring finger . ~ Claudia ~
 This leaks everywhere . I 've lost half of the gel from the lid leaking . Not thrilled with the fact that this happened .
 The product never dries , it stays sticky for hours . I have tried the ultra violet machine and blowing drying but it is still very sticky after several hours .
 I received this item opened and almost empty ... I was very upset ... did n't return it back coz I am very busy ... I will never order online again ... even the acrylic system i got did not look like the pic I saw ... it was like sample buttle ... very small , ,
 This product is good for nothing ! Whatever time I spend trying to dry up - it just does not dry ! Ever ! With the help of the proper U-ray devise - does n't !
 I have been wearing this perfume for years , It smells like it , But I find it is n't lasting as long . Maybe it 's my imagination ?? I dunno . But also , The bottle I bought @ dept store says '' Vera wang '' and the address in NY where is was made on the bottom of the bottle , and this one did not . Which is what got me suspicious . Been meaning to go to the store to see if they ALL have it on the bottom , if so , then that would answer my question . I 'm going to put it on again tmrw , and see if it fades away quickly . Will definitely try to get a refund if it 's a fake .
 The price was definately good but it seemed the scent was off . Are these really old or what ? I have used this perfume for years now and this just was n't `` it '' . Thanks .
 Bought my wife this perfume for Christmas . The Perfume was a fake . Smells like rubbing alcohol .
 I was given this product as a gift and it was not authentic as described . I am waiting to see if they will refund my money or not . It was very difficult to get in touch with the company after the sale as it was a `` third party '' seller and not directly through Amazon . Quite disappointing and a lot of work to get it straightened out .
 The Vera Wang box was soiled , it was received without manufacturers wrapper . It was to be a gift ! I endeavored to return but discovered liquids like this can not be returned .
 I 've got it very fast and was very dissappointed.It 's not authentic ... and it 's defenetely not a smell as Vera Wang parfume.Please , do not think that Vera Wang can smell so bad ... . as this liquid ...
 Ordered this perfume because I was about to run out of my old bottle of Vera Wang . It smells like alcohol , and nothing like the authentic scent . Amazon should be ashamed of selling this scam product . Do NOT purchase it ! Very disappointed .
 I purchased this at a mall and paid a fortune for it . The scent smells nice , but it does n't last past 20 minutes . I would spray the perfume on , and then 20 minutes later , I would say to my daughter , `` Can you smell my perfume ? '' She would literally have to come right up to me , stick her nose right by my neck , and then she would say , `` I can smell it a little . '' This was 15 or 20 minutes after spraying the perfume on ! I 'm really angry about this because I paid over $ 100.00 for this bottle of perfume . I ended up giving it to my 12-year old daughter , since it falls under the same category as a weak cologne that a child can wear . I wish that I had done some research on the Internet before selecting this perfume . If I had done this , I would have learned that many women who purchased this perfume complained that the scent did n't last long . This is an absolute rip-off ! Do n't waste your money on this inferior perfume , which has no right being sold at the same counter as genuine designer perfumes . You 're paying for nothing but water and a name .
 The item looks and smells just like the real thing , but the scent disappears within minutes of putting it on . If it lasted only a few hours -LRB- versus all day long like the same brand I buy at the mall -RRB- it might still be worth it because of the discounted price , but to be almost undetectable within minutes of putting it on then I would say its still way over priced ! I would not recommend buying it .
 Vera Wang for women comes in two colors . I ordered the one that is more clear in color and they sent me the one that is pink in color . Ca n't send it back and no where to send an email to the seller so ca n't even get my money back . Horrible
 I have been using this product for years and have purchased it a few times from Amazon but this bottle does not smell the same and is an inferior product . Perfume returns are not possible so I am stuck with it - an absolute waste of money . Too bad Amazon can not be trusted .
 This valve leaked before I could complete the renovation of my bathroom . Unfortunately , it was after cultured marble walls were Installed . Not what I expected from a Kohler product .
 My contractor just informed me that no matter what he does , the valve wo n't stop leaking . He went out and paid $ 50 for a new cartridge and it still leaks . Not only do I have to go out and buy a new valve , but we 're going to have to tear down our brand new tile to replace it .
 Rollette form is convenient for carrying and applying . Scent of grapefruit , however , remains only briefly when first applied.Would guess that consistency needs a stronger blend of the citrus-derived oil for grapefruit mercaptan to sustain the scent.If there is a rating scale that indicates how long aroma in this product continues/projects and this rollette form was rated , I would have like to have known before I purchased it . Essential grapefruit oils available in health food stores and stores like Whole Foods/My Organic Mom , for instance , carry a stronger fragrance and are usually less than half the cost of this rollette.The appearance is cute and I 'll use it until finished but I would n't buy it again or give it as a gift .
 This product is fake . The company distributing this item is not the actual company , Joico . I have had trouble finding this product recently , since even salons ca n't seem to get the real product . The REAL K-pak is thick , luxurious and smells like bananas . It 's an incredible product which works better on my hair than anything else I 've tried -LRB- my hair is very long , thick , and wavy -RRB- . The product contained in these bottles is fairly runny with an odd chunky texture , a different scent , and does not produce the same results . I am disappointed because my mom ordered this same item and received the real product , while I ordered it several months later and received this cheap fake stuff .
 I have used joico for quite a while now and I have never had any complaints about this product . As a matter of fact Joico is the greatest hair product I have ever used . I dont like this conditioner as much as `` moisture recovery '' . My hair is curly and it needs to be conditioned in order to look good , but it seems like it is drying out . It says it right on the bottle , It can only be guaranteed if bought from a professional ... at LEAST buy it from AMAZON themselves . Than you know your getting the right product .
 I was excited that I found this product and at such a great price . When I recieved the product and starting using it I realized that this was in fact NOT the joico reconstruct conditioner !!! It was apparently an off brand that they pumped into a joico bottle . DO NOT PURCHASE from this supplier !!!
 Pros
 I tried the shampoo and conditioner because my hairdresser recommended it when I was having a lot of split ends . I 've never had an issue with my hair tangling , but after a few weeks of using this stuff , I started to get this enormous rat 's nest in my hair and my hair felt like straw and lost its shine . As soon as I went back to my old shampoo/conditioner , I did not have the problem again . Unfortunately they do n't make my old shampoo anymore so I have to experiment again . If you decide to use this , keep an eye on your hair and stop using it if it does not improve the health of you hair .
 i expected to receive the same soap and packaging that they show . instead i got the new soap from ivory that anyone can buy at any store . they pulled a fast one on me . DO NOT BUY getting the old original soap is impossible , so do not waste your money .
 I 'm returning this soap . The description claims `` The classic 9944/100 % Pure Floating Soap contains no heavy perfumes , creams , or dyes . '' This is not true . Procter & Gamble changed the recipe for Ivory soap a few years ago and started adding glycerin . True , this makes the new Ivory soap -LRB- called Simply Ivory -RRB- softer on the hands but it no longer claims the 9944/100 % pure because of the added glycerin and no longer meets my needs . I 'm sorry to see it go . This supplier must take this description and photograph down .
 Did NOT get what I ordered , order was canceled . Seller decided not to offer what he put up for sell .
 my order was canceled because amazon had an listing error on the item , i am really disappointed with my experience with amazon
 the smell goes away in 10 minutes it has to be a fake fragrance would never buy cologne on line again
 Excellent bottle reproduction unfortunately the scent is far from origunal which I have . I have returned have returned receipt & have not received refund as of yet .
 Experience is the most valuable asset . I bought this brand name 'cause of Wang 's fame . A total overrated product . My recommendation
 I am quite the shampoo and conditioner aficionado and let me tell you , this stuff `` Ai n't all that '' get the Caviar moisture line , its much better . This shampoo left my hair dry when I rinsed out , and the conditioner just does n't compare to the Caviar line . Too bad , I had high hopes for the stuff . I have very fine , thick hair , medium length .
 When I spent five times what I normally spend on shampoos and conditioners , I expected to receive notable results -- ESPECIALLY since both bottles proudly exclaim , `` Observe extraordinary results after just one use '' under the directions.In addition to having a scent that I 'm not exactly thrilled with , I am very disappointed with the results . I probably would have received the same results if I 'd purchased Suave at the grocery store .
 I use these for decoration , not shampoo/conditioner . Tried once and made my scalp itch . Has a cheap smell and burns a bit .
 I would be happy to review , but can not , since , a month after I placed it , I never got the order , despite email exchange on the subject
 I gave this body wash 2 stars because it does wash off surface dirt . I am very unhappy with the underlying medicinal-herbal scent , and this body wash did not get beyond surface dirt to clean places and things that really need cleaning . I do not believe this body wash is worth the $ 18.00 price charged for it . Lather , Inc. .
 I have used many skin care creams . This is by far the worst ! It is overpriced and leaves your skin looking worst than before you used it . It makes your skin look dry and pastey . Take my advice do not purchace this cream .
 I do n't understand why no orders that are placed can go through for this item . I had intended to purchase this as a gift , 3 different times , and the amount was never deducted from my account , and the sale was apparently `` canceled '' without my being informed . Why even have this product listed ? Where are your business skills to at the very least respond and maybe say you 're out of stock , or something . Absurd .
 disappointed with my order , received 3.4 ounce instead of the 6.8 ounce described . boxes were crushed , not good for a gift .
 I bought this oil about 3months ago and i still got stretch marks . I noticed them in my inner arms and now that im 7mo . im noticing some on my upper stomach . . Maybe the product just not for me
 The packaging and delivery time were excellent . But it was not effective for my rashes . Other Aveeno product like skin relief ones has been a great product for their own purpose though and I have been using them for a few years .
 I do , and while I 'm not sure if the label indicates that this is not a product for your face and scalp ... it should ! It felt great going on and for a few hours . But by late morning and for the whole rest of the day I felt like I was covered in grease . You know that feeling you get after eating really greasy fried food ? That 's the one ! It was hard to even wash off . Instead of this I highly recommend the Dessert Essence Jojoba Oil instead -LRB- ASIN : B0000C0XL8 -RRB- . You only need a tiny little bit and it works wonders just after shaving my head and face .
 I was reading the label on this lotion the other day . I have been using this off and on for about a month or so . I never noticed before that it has a warning label on the back of the bottle . It says that this contains dimethicone and should after 7 days of use , you should see your doctor.I looked up dimethicone online . I saw that various websites have warnings that vary widely . They say anything from discontinue use after 7 days because it causes skin irritation to avoid completely , because it causes cancer . Maybe it does and maybe it does not . I am not willing to take that chance . I am throwing mine out and not buying it again .
 Much too small for long and thick hair . Expect thin and non absorbent fabric . Maybe my sister with short hair can use .
 This item should not come out if looking for wonderful Turbie Twists !! This is too small and material is thin and does not work if person has actual hair . I was very disappointed and can not give these now to my friends like planned . I will never recommend this product to anyone . I have had Turbie Twist for years and real ones are amazing !
 I 'd had a Turbie Twist for many years , and figured it was time to replace it , so I purchased several of these -LRB- the April Brand -RRB- from the Dollar Tree , thinking they were the same thing . Boy was I mistaken.This item is NOT a Turbie Twist . The April Brand is very thin & cheaply made . It has a harsh feel compared to the real Turbie Twist . It is n't soft and comfortable at all . If you have alot of hair , forget trying to use this knock off brand as well , as it wo n't hold your hair at all ! Plus , the connecting lope breaks within a few months of use . Every single one I got broke . It was a major disappointment.This item is not to be mistaken for the wonderful Turbie Twist ! http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00139XON2/ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i02They are well worth the extra price , as the quality is exceptional.The terry cloth is thick like a egyptian cotton bath towel , and the connection loop is solid .
 BP MEDICAL SUPPLIES will not honor their listing!The item description I purchased was for 2 sets of 12-PACK bars , what I received were 2 INDIVIDUAL bars . I was shorted 22 bars of soap . Repeated attempts to resolve this matter were met with `` sorry , technical error , Amazon 's fault , your order was for 2 individual bars '' . When presented with the facts and screenshots proving I ordered two 12-PACK sets equalling 24 bars , the company stopped communication . Fraudlent listing and horrible company . NEVER will I order from this company again . You will NOT get a refund from this company or the remainder of your order . BUYER BEWARE!BTW -- Aveeno fragrance free soap is fine , unscented , and a blessing if you have perfume-driven migraines , just find a reputable supplier . Do n't buy it from BP MEDICAL SUPPLY .
 I adored this 25 years ago when I wore it in college . I loved it then . I 've often wondered if I would love it now . When I came across a tester in a big box store , I could n't resist.OMG . It is all chemicals to me now . It 's the same juice ... I clearly remember it ... but I just do n't know how I wore this . I do n't . Somewhere after three hours , I started smelling some of the fruit notes & vanilla . It reminded me of Paris Hilton and of Forbidden Fruit , two fruity concoctions that I like.In the 1980s , the mass market was trending in heavy florals and heavy orientals -LRB- e.g. , White Diamonds , Poison , Beautiful , Red , Giorgio , Rive Gauche , Anais , Passion -RRB- . And women in their 30s to 50s were wearing these ... heavily . Teens had a bevy of musks & powdery scents to choose from -LRB- Jovan Musks , Love 's Baby Soft -RRB- . It was the young ladies in the middle -LRB- ages 18-24 -RRB- who had few fragrance choices -LRB- exceptions
 It does lengthen lashes , but it 's not for me . I 'd rather use my cheap great lash mascara for three times the definition and length .
 I gave this conditioner 2 stars because it does lightly de-tangle hair as advertised . I am very unhappy with the underlying medicinal-herbal scent . I do not believe this conditioner is worth the $ 18.00 price charged for it . Lather , Inc. .
 The dispensor is ok but the clock stopped working shortly after I started using it . Was disapointed in that . Easy to fill and use
 Fast shipping , but the product is not a good quality , It is to expensive for the quality
 After installing the battery , the back of the battery conpartment would not go back on . I had to use duct tape on a brand new item !
 Fleurissimo By Creed For Women . Millesime Spray 2.5 Oz.This is my favourite daytime perfume , I wo n't wear anything else , so you can imagine that my nose is quite honed to it 's smell . My usual site that I buy from was out of stock & because I had run out I could n't wait & ordered from 99perfume through Amazon.When it arrived it was well packed & the packaging , bottle looked right . However when I sprayed it , it smelled stale & musty ... unbearable . It also looked a very deep yellow ... which I though was n't right either.It cost me 111.00 . I ended up having to go into my local town centre & purchasing another bottle from John Lewis at the princely sum of 153.00 ... and good enough when I compared it to the other one , the one from John Lewis was a lovely pale straw colour.I had to rate this product otherwise my review would n't have gone through but believe me , it does n't deserve even one star . Buyer beware & buy from a trusted source .
 I 'm a huge fan of Johnson & Johnson lotions and buy just about any variation . Except this one from now on . The lotion probably is good but I just ca n't get past the fact that it smells like play-doh . That 's not exactly the smell I want assailing my senses after a nice hot shower .
 This hair gel has very little going for it . Here is my reviewPros : Smells niceCons : Very light hold , almost non-existentIt turns into a hard crust ! This hair gel dried into a crunchy mess on my head half an hour after application . The crust comes off and flakes.Some products from this company are amazing , but this one missed the mark , badly .
 Initially it smells like a cheap cologne . It has two distinct scents ... alcohol and the flavor you should smell . After 4 or so hours , the alcohol smell fades away and you start to smell good . Thus it deserves two stars ! ... mostly because of the price and quick shipping .
 Purchased this to give as a gift and it arrived without the original box or cap and is clearly marked `` tester '' . Not cool .
 Nice smell but the scent goes away after 20 minutes . Look at Hugo Boss or Roberto Roberto Cavalli Black if you want something similar .
 Colognes vary with a person 's chemistry , but to me , this stinks . Even though it cost somewhere around $ 30 , it smelled like really cheap cologne that a clueless guy would overuse . Kenneth Cole Reaction is just a tiny step above this -LRB- but still stinks -RRB- . Again , chemistry has an impact here , but this was my experience .
 When I open the lid , the nozzle was stuck in it and came out , the tube broke and now it is hardly functional . On the other hand , items having flammable liquids can not be returned to Amazon . However , it had a very nice smell after all !
 I 've shopped for years , but I 've never received something this bad . This cologne is like water , now am hesitant to buy anymore cologne . Will definitely not order any more , but still have to use until the stock runs out .
 i have bought this perfume a couples of weeks ago and I 'm very disappointed how smell this product -LRB- i do n't want to call it perfume -RRB- ... smell like fake one and regretting buying it . i do n't return it because i live oversea and i guess i will spend more money .
 I tried ordering this product but I ended up receiving some nasty musk stuff instead . I was really disappointed . We like the Kenneth Cole stuff but the sender did a poor job of getting it to us . the refund was fast though .
 Website said that shipping was free . However , I was billed for shipping . When I contacted the seller , I was told it was an error on the website . Why is the seller 's error something I should be paying for ?
 I ordered this fragance and when a received it , looks bad & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; the box are in bad condition and on the bottom of the bottle has a mark in the cristal ummmm looks to me its fake & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; BEWARE
 Took long to receive and was not what I expected it was false advertising and did not meet my standards , I wo n't send it back
 On the description of this item it never said that it was a tester . It was going to be a gift for my dad and unfortunately i had to get him another one . This item didnt come with the cap no box like is presented on the picture . Very dissapointed with the item .
 I would like to know if there is anyway to get a refund of my money for this bogus product . Having owned a Kenneth Cole black before I instantly could tell this was not a genuine product and was ripped off . The packaging is shady and the scent does not even resemble the genuine cologne , not to mention it is very mild . I had to spray it about 8 times to pick up a scent and it lasted about 10mins . I want my money back ...
 Was disappointed in this product . It was not what I expected . Was looking for a L'Oreal product that had dermabrasion and this is not it .
 It smells great and gives you a fresh feeling , It however dries out your skin and I got an allergy and stopped using it after just 4 days ! It leaves the skin with no moisture at all . It might work for others but definitely not for me !
 I bought this product with the idea that it was going to soften and actually moisturize and take the frizz out of my hair . Well , it did the total opposite , it made my hair very stiff , dry and when I tried to flat iron it , it did n't take the frizz out of my hair at all . I am an African American woman with very dry , thick and frizzy hair . I really wanted to believe that this product would actually work on my thick , dry , curly and frizzy hair . But , it did n't . This product was very cheap . It was on sale and I only paid $ 5 something for it plus tax . This is junk in a bottle . I guess you really do get what you pay for .
 beware , these are very old products ! I made the mistake of purchase 3 bottles and cannot/would not use them after realizing that they are probably several years old . the balm becomes dry and flaky in your hair and leaves a film . gross . otherwise this is a great product ... just do n't buy from this seller .
 This product is fake.I have another bottle of Armani Code perfume here bought at Macy 's and the scents are definitely different.The packaging is damaged -LRB- the wrap on the bottle -RRB- and the logo font is incorrect -LRB- too thin -RRB- and the bottle has different tinting than the original .
 I am really dissaponted not for the product that is an axcellent women fragance , but form the provider -LRB- Perfumania -RRB- . I did not received the product at all and I tried to contact them several times and I had any response . This was supposed to be a Christmas gift so I had to bought it at a local store . Finally I contacted Amazon and they proceed to reimburse my psid order . Amazon have to consider to unsubscribe this provider from their associated sellers list .
 I have been using Armani Code for about 4 years ... this seemed to be a good price , but for some reason the fragrance does not stay on . . I am beginning to wonder if it is a watered down version . . I compared the bottle to my empty one and it matched . . but that does n't confirm whether it is a knock off or not . . The price was n't worth it if is a fake . . I work too hard for my money to be ripped off . I want purchase from this company again . I love Amazon and have purchased from them for several years and have never been disappointed in the product or there promptness in shipping . . Amazon . . you need to check out your vendor on this one . .
 I was sent the wrong item at first and when they sent the `` correct '' perfume it smelt nothing like the real product . The bottle also did n't look like the real bottle . If i could rate an item with no stars , I would definitely rate them with none .
 My daughter asked if I would purchase the perfume for her on a visit to see her in Chicago . I told her that we could buy it cheaper on Amazon.com than downtown Chicago . So I went on line to order it . When it arrived at her condo in Chicago , it was apparent right away that it was a FAKE . The bottle TRIED to look like the real thing but it was n't . I only saved $ 5.00 in the purchase price buying it on Amazon.com . I was trying to show my daughter that it would be a better way for her to by things when she lives in such an expensive City . She has decided it is NOT the way to go and has said , '' Mom you just paid all but $ 5.00 for the perfume that I could have bought right here and known that it was the real thing . Now I have a fake and will just throw it away . It does n't smell anything like the real thing . This party who sent it to us is selling FAKES and totally took advantage of us . We wo n't be doing that again . That party should be kicked off your Account with Amazon .
 This product is a fake !! Do n't buy it ! I just got it and i 'm very dissapointed !! Anybody could tell this is not orginal . The brand name on the parfume is barly visible . Very dissapointed !!!!!!!
 This store is a rip-off beware of this store angel seller , you will buy something from them and they will send you whatever they want , I bought original perfume they sent me a tester , and they argue that I bought tester , what a pitiful store trying to get advantage of their customers .
 When I ordered this product , the website specifically stated a 2.5 oz bottle of the perfume would come . I paid a higher amount for the bigger bottle , however was shipped a 1.7 oz bottle . I was not shipped the correct product . I have also emailed the company and have yet to hear back . Looks like a claim will need to be done .
 I bought this parfume for me wife , i was very upset because the bottle was broken and soaked the box that came with it.Also i dont think it was an original perfume , I know it because I buy a lot of name brand perfumes and this one looked fake .
 I was so happy to save couple bucks by not buying from macy 's . Stupid mistake . I received the ARMANI CODE and found out nothing was like the original
 I sprayed a tester sheet at a perfume counter with this scent . After shopping a bit , I went back and decided to buy it . It 's nice and light , but after wearing it for the first time , I realized it 's TOO light . I could n't even smell it when I held my wrist to my nose . The second time , I decided to apply more . I must 've used 6-7 sprays and still , only a lingering aroma . For the amount you have to use and the faintness of the scent , I would n't recommend it .
 I purchashed purfume in Nov for a Christmas gift . the product i recieved was a fake . It smells nothing like the real thing the labeling and bottle are different i am very dissapointed .
 I just want to warn you guys that this parfume is fake!The smell goes away after 30min . very disapointed.The box is fake too.Think twice before you buy it !
 This perfume does not have any staying power , whatsoever ! You would think a product from Armani would ... or maybe it was just so old that it 's lost it 's oomph . -LRB- Which would be the sellers fault -RRB- I do n't know where the responsibility lies , I do know that I would never buy this product again .
 I bought one and it exactly look different when compared with the original.also , the scene dont last long.the appearance looks really different when carefully looked because , it is not original .
 Being a die-hard Armani fan , I was severely disappointed by this scent . It smells strange , like cheap perfume . . Never would have expected it from Armani .
 I had such high hopes for this soap . We were using California Baby soap but , they changed their ingredients and we decided to jump ship and try this . By this time , my son was already two years old -LRB- we 'd faithfully used California Baby up until that point -RRB- and he was use to soap getting near his eyes and it being `` okay '' . Dr. Bronners has made bath time unbearable . After a few times of accidentally getting into his eyes - he 's now SO fearful of bath time . We can coach him into the tub but , as soon as he sees the soap he breaks down , screams and begs us to `` put it back ! '' = / I used some on my face and it BURNS your eyes like crazy !! I would be scared too if I were him.I really do n't know where to go from here . Maybe soap free ? I do n't want to go back to California Baby because of their standards and practices . I think Dr. Bronner 's is a fine brand - just find it hard to understand why they would n't try to make their baby soap tear free . Maybe they ca n't ? Anyway - this is not a good soap for babies/toddlers that might be squirmy and might end up with soap in the eyes . But , over all , it leaves your skin soft , clean and coming from someone like myself whom is fragrance/chemical sensitive - it 's IS unscented . A good buy for adults , but in my opinion , miss marketed as a `` baby '' soap .
 Not sure if it is because we have hard water or what , but this stuff feels like I am just putting sticky waxy stuff on top of the dirt . My hair was so gummy I could n't even brush though it and I washed it out thoroughly . In fact , I got back in the shower and rinsed it out again thinking I left some in , but it was the same after rinsing it again . It took a few washings with another shampoo to get it out . It leaves skin feeling sticky and itchy too .
 What is withthe hype of this stuff . It is definitely not unscented . Has a gross smell that follows you around and make skin dry . Waste
 This is the worst product I have ever bought for my skin and it 's not really pure castile soap ! True castile uses mostly olive oil with water -LRB- it 's 4th on the list of ingredients in this product -RRB- but , the main ingredient , besides water , is coconut oil . To top it off , there are stars next to some ingredients such as olive oil , that state `` None remains after saponifying oils into soap and glycerin , '' so it 's not even a castile soap . You are left with water , hemp oil , jojoba oil , citric acid and tocopherol . This site , -LSB- ... -RSB- , sells pure castile soap with just olive oil and water , which is what pure castile soap is so I might try that . I have sensitive skin that 's on the dry side and this dried my skin out so bad and made it itchy and red . This soap was worse for me than other store soaps that are scented and full of harsh ingredients . It must have been the citric acid .
 I never received this product . I wrote to the retailer with no response . I will never purchase from this company again .
 I had a couple of recipes that recommended this soap as a bubble bath base . I tried it and was n't at all happy with the results . Although it says unscented , it has a smell that reminded me of my grandfather and left a white film on the bubbles and in the tub . If you 're at all averse to preachy people , do n't read the label , either . I do n't know who Dr. Bonner is but the label is more high pressure than any Mormon or Jehovah 's Witness missionary ever thought about being .
 Unique , fresh and distinct although a bit on the sweeter side . True the smell is overpowering initially but give it some time to settle down.For me the `` Desire '' is an all time favorite but i was disappointed with what i bought from Amazon . The bottle which i got firstly doesnt say is Alfred Dunhill Desire it just says Dunhill Desire which is fine because the now its made by the P&G group and which is why probably they sort of renamed it or they came out with a new packaging but i noticed that the strength of the fragrance was weak infact very weak compared to the previous bottle that i had . I was a bit surprised and dissapointed and have no ideas why its the way it is.Ironically the picture shown here is of the old bottle.If you do get your hands on a bottle make sure it says Alfred Dunhill .
 This powerful smelling cologne generally turns people off when I wear it . My co-worker who happens to be a smoker told me the smell is so strong that he can even smell it when he smokes outside the building . From deduction , it must be a colonge for smokers only .
 The bottle which i got firstly doesnt say is Alfred Dunhill Desire it just says Dunhill Desire . the fragrance does not last longer .
 I do n't have much to say about the product . Except I ordered from Perfumania.com seller and I received `` Dunhill Desire '' and not the Original `` Alfred Dunhill Desire '' which is in the listing description . Dunhill desire is an imitation of the originally designed version . I had it before , bought it for $ 15 on Canal St. and it 's good only for killing a laundry scent or spray in the bathroom to kill nasty smelling bacterias . I had the original version of Desire back in 2001-2002 and that was really something ... Stunning cologne . When I saw the image I kinda had a feeling that it 's gon na be a fake , but I loved the originalk version so much , so I desiced to take a risk and ... . boom , I got a bloody fake . Do not buy `` Dunhill Desire '' - it 's a crap . Make sure you get Alfred Dunhill Desire - the original one .
 Instead take a few minutes to voice you helpful dissatisfaction on these sites , or best , take the damn product back to or mail it back to the store where things get cheaper in make , less in quality , and more in cost laughing at us all ? Another idea is to request reimbursement for your return postage or gas reimbursements while your at it . Why should n't it be included ? Their cost increases are included in the prices we shell out.Most folks would fall off their chairs pand expire , if revealed screwball requests granted to repeatNucleAr customers of a particular upscale store . If it was known how these same group of scandalously customers and their enormous , false sense of entitled balls to request , and are granted , several times a year from an upscale , well known department store that rhymes with Groomingsnail 's . youand it got 'em where it hurts the most . Do n't return without `` the hassle '' of a complaint . Return , complain , write -LRB- email -RRB- to the store/manufacturer - start the letter at home and finish it in line or traffic , letting manufacturers know your a loyal customer for years , but because they 've cheapened their product , we work too damn hard to be played like a banjo ! Let them know you plan to change brands . Many folks would choke on their Hamburger helper knowing what the filthy rich threaten to do monthly when they try to return products without a receipt or proof on their store charge . However a big and plain as their nose , without doubt , a price sticker and UPC from a store which sounds like XMart - sticker and all on a cheap as ever electrical , they swear was bought at the store I managed which rhymned with Groomingsnail 's . If they requested double off in cas , a free lunch , and their -LRB- golf -RRB- balls washed , it was done . All the more reason I LOVE these sites to vent , share experiences , and rate and comment products and services until the cows cone home . They are better than the days of `` Consumer Report '' . A fine publication but available by subscription only , if I 'm not mistaken , back in the year of the flood . I must go , another cow is at my back door , probably quite famished .
 First , we do n't buy personal care products with parabens or ALSs . Second , all I really use conditioner for is detangling , not just me , but my daughters too , though my husband uses it for scalp conditioning I guess too.We had been using Dessert Essence Organics Red Grape conditioner for years , I actually preferred the apple in hopes it might actually plump up my hair , but my husband liked the red grape conditioner better , not sure why , and he liked the red grape shampoo too , and that was the shampoo we used.Then one day we opened a new tube of the conditioner and my husband and I noticed right away that it was really runny , we thought , well , it is made in small batches it must just be one of the variances , but then after I was done showering I noticed I could not get the comb through my hair . I thought it was a fluke , so the next time I used a larger quantity of conditioner , did n't make a difference , so the next time i used a ton of conditioner , again , could not comb through my hair . When we bathed the girls it was the same thing , we could not comb their hair and there was a lot of tears . We quit using the tube and noticed there were differences in the packaging , so we went to the store and bought whatever Dessert Essence Organics conditioners we could find with the old packaging . I also e-mailed the company to ask if there had been a change in the formula , and the company said they had changed the formula , on all three of the DEO conditioners . I ended up finding some old formula on eBay and bought a bunch , when it is gone I do not not what to do.All I can to Dessert Essence is POORLY DONE and you 've lost a good regular customer .
 I HAVE USED THE COCONUT SHAMPOO & CONDITONER FOR YEARS - GIVING UP MY PREVIOUS DEPT STORE BRAND OF SHAMPOO - IT WAS THAT GOOD - BUT THEY CHANGED THE FORMULA OF THE SHAMPOO AND CONDITIONER AND IT IS AWFUL - NO MORE SOFT SHINY MOISTURIZED HAIR - NO GREAT COCONUT SMELL - IT IS THIN AND RUNNY AND MAKES MY HAIR VERY DRY AND GRUNGY LOOKING - BEFORE I NEVER NEEDED A SALON DEEP CONDITION TREATMENT - MY HAIR WAS SHINY , SOFT AND MOISTURIZED - THEY TOOK A FANTASTIC PRODUCT WITH A CULT FOLLOWING AND RUINED THE PRODUCT - AND I NOTICED ON THE NEW TUBES IT NO LONGER SAYS ORGANIC - WHAT WERE THEY THINKING ! SEARCHING FOR A NEW BRAND
 The only redeeming quality of this conditioner is the fresh lemon scent . This conditioner does nothing to condition your hair . It does n't even help with detangling . In fact , my hair was less tangled when I completely skipped this conditioner and just used the coordinating shampoo . It might work for short hair that needs very little conditioning . I would steer clear .
 I bought this product because I am scent sensitive and can not tolerate most scents . From this perspective the product was great - no discernible scent ; and that 's where the positives end . I used this twice
 I was really excited to receive this product , but unfortunately , it has n't helped me at all . In fact , it seems to have an adverse affect on me , and usually keeps me awake for hours . I 've read reviews on other websites and forums from people experiencing similar affects . Seems to be the Optimum Nutrition brand does n't work as well as others , at least for certain people . For the price , it 's worth trying , but unfortunately it did n't work for me . ~ Cheers !
 ZMA was developed by Victor Conte , the man who supplied steroids and HGH to Barry Bonds , Marion Jones , Jason Giambi and many other athletes during the late 90 's / early 00 's as a placebo to generate income , utilizing many carnival barker tactics . The fact that this rather useless crap is still on the market shocks me.The book `` Game of Shadows '' has more information on this idiotic supplement.IT IS A TOTAL SCAM .
 If you 're considering buying this product for sleep improvement or for the supposed testosterone boosting properties , do n't . It 's good as a Zinc and Magnesium supplement , but as for what it 's sold for , it wont help . There are no studies done by actual doctors -LRB- not talking about the hype articles by bodybuilders or the supplement companies themselves -RRB- that would even hint at this product helping either of those .
 Do yourself a favor and SAVE your money . Want to get muscles ? Do squats and deadlifts to make your body produce more testosterone ! Look up StrongLifts 5X5 program . I 'm 42 years old and have NEVER done deadlifts ... now that I started the program 4 months ago I am deadlifting 600 pounds , squating 550 , and benching 405 for reps ! All this WITHOUT supplements . Eat right . Do n't OVER exercise . REST and diet are key . I laugh at all of the &#34; big guys &#34; at the gym that I passed up in weight . ZMA and virtually ANY supplement will NOT help you .
 I try a lot of different supplements and 9 times out of 10 they do not work , add this one to the list of the does nothing crowd .
 I was skeptical about this product from the get go . There are lots of reports out there that say ZMA does nothing . Sadly I 'm going to have to agree with those reports . This did n't help me sleep better or with anythign else that I can tell .
 I bought this as I heard it was a useful sleep aid and was looking ti see if any worked better than melatonin -LRB- I already knew all other claims about zma for testosterone and everything else it is marketed for were bs -RRB- . It helps you fall asleep but I was up several times waking up with bad night sweats and crazy dreams . Strangely I do feel rested even after waking up 3-4 times in pools of sweat and having to change shirts but ZMA is a waste of money and not worth taking again . If you want restful sleep buy some 1mg melatonin tablets and cut them in half and take .5 mg . Low dose melatonin is shown to be more effective than high doses and is dirt cheap and works better than this anyway .
 Definitely a placebo ... but hey you need zinc , mag , and pyridoxine ... so not completely wrong ... So believe in the force and it just might work for you ...
 As I regularly purchase protein supplements , Amazon deemed ZMA a worthy supplement to market on my Amazon home page . Being a biochemist and knowing ON 's quality reputation , I was intrigued to find out what `` ZMA '' included . Without even going into the physiology of why a supplement has `` potential '' positive effects , your first step should always be a quick PubMed search to evaluate the merits of claimed research . A quick one minute search revealed Baylor U 's double blind study claiming `` results indicate that ZMA supplementation during training does not appear to enhance training adaptations in resistance trained populations . `` Reference : Wilborn , Colin D. , Chad M. Kerksick , Bill I. Campbell , Lem W. Taylor , Brandon M. Marcello , Christopher J. Rasmussen , Mike C. Greenwood , Anthony Almada , and Richard B. Kreider . `` Effects of Zinc Magnesium Aspartate -LRB- ZMA -RRB- Supplementation on Training Adaptations and Markers of Anabolism and Catabolism . '' Journal of the International Society of Sports Nutrition 1.2 -LRB- 2004 -RRB-
 Ok first let me start by saying half of you need to realize some new form of supplement comes out every week that boost test . ZMA is no different . There has been countless studies that have proven the makers wrong as well as blood work after 2 bottles of this very ZMA supplment with not increase or decrease . This wasnt 1 study this was countless !! I under stand the phrase it does n't work for everyone but in ZMA 's case it really seems like its just another supplement that got hiped up now people swear by it . Your test levels in most men can double if not triple naturaly just by what you eat or by working out the list goes on and on.I will comment that the power of the mind is a VERY POWERFUL TOOL . However for your average consumer this will be a big let down . Why wouldnt you at least get Tribulus at least studies have gone both ways on that product . The other thing I just want to infrom to most of you is that NONE of your supplements have been cleared or checked . If you look on about any supplement it will say has not been approved by the FDA . Now thats not to say supplements are bad or dont work clearly there is a lot on the market that do . However that does mean some supplements can be stonger then the bottle says but the also means they can not work at all . For their test all they need to do is take someones test levels and give them this supplement and take it a month later and see and increase to say it increases test and natural test.Just want to infrom you guys save your money for a good prework out , fish oil , bcaa , other amino acids , and other supplements that dont have everyone who as done a study on it saying its trash and doesnt work.And yes i was just like you bought this bottle of stuff just to see what all the talk was about only to find that this did nothing for me sleep/or testAND THOSE PUTTING STRENTH GAINS LOL do you realize the level of test boosting that would need to have to happen in order to have REAL STRENTH GAINS . Again the human mind is a powerful thing and a lot of you just need something to believe and if this helps you do that by all means go for it . Just know that ZMA has been out for YEARS and to just now have a huge following ever since they labeled it as increaseing test levels and NOW their saying incease free floating test come on guys this has got ta be sinking in . And if you true love and follow this product why get name brand ? The zma is the same in every bottle and even mose doses are the same . Just wouldnt make much sense to buy this one over the 8 dollar bottle .
 I tried this mascara a couple of times but it was like it was an old mascara and nothing hardly came out . I threw it away - a new container of mascara ! worthless
 Felt a little bit waxy and the smell was not great after a few weeks . . it changed or something . There are better lotions available .
 The bath gel arrived already opened and leaking , poor packaging ; Amazon did give me a full refund . The body moisturizer is not very moisturizing and leaves my skin kind of sticky . The fragrance is OK but not great . I had a travel size moisturizer in this same scent from some hotel chain I stayed in -LRB- Staybridge ? Marriott ? not sure -RRB- , which I loved ! But this brand does n't measure up to the hotel 's version .
 I tend to use Lancome and Dior mascaras , but thought I 'd try a cheaper mascara now that my husband 's been laid off . I decided to try this one since it 's received a lot of hype . Perhaps others may like this , but I was very disappointed . Could n't even tell it was on . It did n't lengthen nor volumize . So I 'll be returning it . Really bummed , cuz I keep hoping to find a less expensive mascara that I like as much as the Lancome , Clinique and Dior mascaras . Tried EyesByDesign and it gave great lengthening and volumizing but not a fan of the comb plus it flakes and it hurts BAD if I cry ! If you are someone like me who has fallen in love with the mascaras by Lancome , Clinique , Dior , and you 've found a less expensive mascara you love that lengthens , volumizes and does n't flake ... please post what mascara you love here . I 'd love others ' inputs !
 it flaked on me . I would go out for 2 hours and come back with dark circles under my eyes . I looked like a raccoon ! It could have been because it was n't the waterproof formula . I wanted to love it so badly . It looked and felt sooo natural ! ... but those flakes ... : -LRB-
 It looks ok when you initially put it on , then within an hr or so the lashes start to look dull -LRB- not much length or volume -RRB- .
 This mascara did nothing just totally nothing other reviews said it would add lenght that it did do but did n't make them full looking very very disappointed i wanted something soft not hard that it is but do n't make your lashs full what so ever it goes on so light you ca n't even tell you have mascara on
 I would n't buy this again . I had a few dollars left on a gift card so purchased this item . I 'm not sure if it might be old or not but it appeared to be pretty dried out .
 I always use Full N Soft mascara , but I did n't realize this is not the washable waterproof . This is like putting black water on your eyelashes , very disappointed .
 Very pleased to find this shade of my favorite mascara , since the stores are n't carrying it any more . BUT , had to stop using it because my eyes began burning only a few hours into the day-actually had to wash it off to stop the burning . This used to happen when mascara was getting old , so can only assume the ordered product was already old . I 've thrown out this mascara and found another product to buy . So disappointed .
 DO NOT BUY 10oz TUB VERSION . The 4oz version of this product is AMAZING . Have ultra dry skin on my hands , and eczema . I also wash my hands too much . Most hand creams actually DRY out my skin , when used more than once a day . But this product in 4oz can be used every 5min if you want . Its nice and light . It doesnt dry my skin like others . Its nice and silky , NOT greasy like others reported . If you put on too much , sure you do need to wipe your hands with a towel , but it otherwise absorbs totally in seconds . The 4oz and 10oz version are supposed to be the same . When I called the mfr , they totally denied any difference . But I cna tell you there absolutely IS a difference in the product . The tub version isnt as silky . Its thicker . It also DRIES out my hands when used longterm . Unlike the 4oz version , which I am switching back to . What was most upsetting was how the customer service people actually ARGUED with me about the product . As if my EXPERIENCES and SKIN werent more important than their forumla . They say the 10oz and 4oz forumla is the same . But it IS NOT THE SAME PRODUCT . Either its not the same because I got a bad batch . Or its not the same because its PROCESSED differently . Or maybe its made in a different warehouse . Either way , DO NOT BUY THE 10OZ . And dont waste your time calling their customer DIS-service dept.
 This stuff is so greasy , I had to wash my hands after putting it on ! An udder ripoff is more like it . No thanks .
 I do n't know about those who rated this 5 stars , but no one I know likes this so called perfume . It is way to strong to point of nausea , too sweet and overall it just smells cheap , like something you 'd get a dollar store . Please , save your money , plus a little more and do yourself a favor and get something a little more expensive but well worth the price from a proper department store . If you ca n't , do the world a favor and just bathe properly and do n't wear any perfume at all .
 I do n't know what my problem is with Olay products , but they make me break out HORRIBLY . I tried several products , and with each one I developed cystic acne . I would let everything heal , then try another product , and get the same results . I also had other problems with this specific product - I would apply it , and it would leave big chunks on my face that would n't soak in , and it burned terribly . I thought at first that I was allergic to the sunscreen , but I had the same problems whether the product had sunscreen in it or not . Unfortunately I seem to have suffered permanent skin damage from the Olay line . I 'm unable to get rid of this acne -LRB- I had n't had problems with acne since I was a teenager , and I 'm now 37 -RRB- , and my skin is incredibly sensitive to any product I put on it now -LRB- I used to be able to use anything and never had any problems -RRB- . I probably need to see a dermatologist , but I have n't wanted to deal with the hassle . Since it 's been a year and a half since all of this started , I just need to do it . The only thing Olay did to make me look younger was give me zits like a teenager ! This is not the outcome I had hoped for.Update
 I 'm in my twenties and just getting started on my anti aging regimen . I used this for a month or so and did n't really see or feel any results . I do n't think it went well with my skin either . I switched to St. Ives moisturizer with collagen and I like it a lot better .
 I ca n't get it , it said my stuff would came on April 13 , but it still not yet to my house .
 I think the price is great with the 15 % off , I buy this product all the time and never have found it for less than $ 17.00 ; however , I am not happy that I signed up for the program and immediately was shipped the item , rather than allow me to order it when I am ready . But mostly I am irritated that when I went back to delete the order , till I was in need of the product , I am unable to cancel it . Within about 30 minutes or less -LRB- I 'm being generous with the time frame -RRB- they are in the process of `` putting the order together and ca n't cancel at this time '' I think that 's ridiculous . So do n't sign up for the program if you do n't need the product immediately .
 I 've been using this cream for about 7 months now . I switched from an Avon Anew product because I saw reviews of this one and they seemed to be great . Everyone seems to be happy with it but I can only say 2 good things about it
 I was looking for an alternative to the mineral salts roll on deodorant that I normally use . This had some good reviews on other websites about being natural and keeping people dry . However , this only worked for about the first 4 hours then the stink set in . I usually do n't stink with the mineral salts but I just sweat a lot . With this I sweat a lot and stink . Would not buy again .
 I recently tried this deodorant based on several positive reviews here on Amazon , and was really trying to get something that did n't contain aluminum . The begin with , the deodorant on first inspection had a nice , simple scent . Unfortunately , the scent only held up for about 2-3 hours , and did nothing in the way of stopping perspiration . Worst of all was after only a day or so of usage I discovered a very disturbing rash forming on each of my armpits . This could n't have been due to anything other than the change in deodorant . I discontinued use and waited about 4-5 days for the rash to disappear then gave it a second try just to be sure . The rash immediately appeared about a day later and took another 2-3 days to disappear after I discontinued usage once again . I have n't had a single rash occur since discontinued use either . I recommend anyone planning to use this deodorant try to find a travel size first and test it out on your skin . Its extremely rare for me to have a reaction to most any chemicals , so I worry this may be a much larger problem for others . Use with caution !
 I decided to go with this product based on the positive feedback left by Drew . Upon receiving the package , I could tell the deodorant had very robust scent , which I 'm all in favor of and was exactly what I was aiming for . However , after applying the deodorant , the aroma simply does not last long at all . I 'm not a very heavy sweater but since switching brands , I can smell a slight hint of body odor . I have no intentions on buying anything Nature De France-related again . $ 8 is quite expensive also .
 this product does n't work . i stank up to high heaven within a few hours . save yourself the money , get something that works .
 Sorry did n't like any of the colors , they appear to be outdated , under-colored , nothing bright and fresh ! Gladi Davenport-Smith
 even brighter in person than in pic and once on . maybe at my darkest in the summer i would wear this . almost neon .
 It 's a really nice color if you apply one coat , but we all know with colors like these you have to apply at least 2 , but once you apply the 2nd coat the color changes . Also after a week I removed the nail polish and it stained my nails . Do n't recommend .
 I bought this based on the reviews . VERY unimpressed . I touch up chips twice a day ! I usually use OPI , which will last two weeks with minimal maintenance . This did n't make it 3 days . The colors are pretty , but even Sally Hanson outlasts Essie , and at a third the price . My first bottle will be my last bottle .
 I really have no idea what the fascination is with this brand . I 've tried so many shades hoping that maybe the last was a fluke . But , this brand is awful IMO . It 's difficult to apply , applies streaky , and chips so easily . I much prefer OPI .
 This nail polish is a good one . But I was expecting more of it . First of all , I say it is very expensive so I thought it would be a great quality , I wanted it for french nails . but for my suprise it came to my house with a thick consistency . I do n't know if all essey nail polish are like this , but this was my first essey nail polish and all I can say is that I prefer buying the inexpensive revlon I have always buyed .
 If you want a natural nail tint , that looks like color of the real nail bed , this is the shade for you . It is not as pink as the photo ; it 's more cream . Really sheer , just perfect for a french manicure . Not for me though , I like my colors more saturated , even with a Fnch.ManiFollow up April 30 , 2011
 this color is way too light and to get the white-ish color you have to have 3 coats . The seller is the BESTS -LRB- not the first time I order from them -RRB- but THIS particularly nail polish is not great ... I 'll just stay with Opi < 3
 Ask plenty of questions about product and merchandise as these items appear new in picture , but merchandise clearly been used or were tester products .
 Sea Breeze has been my favorite Essie color , and since it such an old color , most stores no longer carry it . So when I discovered it listed with this seller on Amazon , I was pleased . Unfortunately , the polish that I received was nothing like the original Sea Breeze that I have so enjoyed . I 've simply tossed it rather than go to the trouble of returning it . I DO NOT recommend this product as offered by this seller !!!
 I USED to love this mascara . It gave me totally separated and long lashes , very natural looking . The brush was key . NOTE
 Actually , I bought this mascara for the brush . When I got it , it was a different brush - not the one pictured , but a standard mascara wand - so it kind of defeated the purpose ! The mascara itself is fine .
 Retinol Correxion -LRB- Roc -RRB- Deep Wrinkle Daily Moisturizer Cream - 2/1 fl . oz . Spf 30I will not buy from this seller again . The packaging picture and description compared with what I got were not the same . I got 2 separate packages of the item and not the combo pack which should have had the sunscreen tube as well . Feels like the old bait and switch game . Not happy . Do n't waste your time with this .
 Very disappointed with this product . It came sealed in a box from Perfumania but the silver cap was tarnished and the smell was very faint . I have no explanation for this but I know the cap should not have looked like that and I know the scent should have lasted longer as I have used this perfume . Trying to contact the seller was an adventure in frustration.You contact Customer Service , they write back , signing it Customer Service , like you are not speaking to a live person , and they insist you call them to discuss it . I guess the lengthy e mail was not enough . Luckily , Amazon stood behind the consumer and refunded my money and I did not have to deal with the seller .
 I ws glad to see that I wa n't the only one to notice that the new product is not as good as the old one . I wonder when this happens if they manage to save a tiny bit per container . I guess it would add up , but not if they lose customers . I did n't realize it until I had bought several on sale . I wo n't buy more after this . Potion # 9 leave in conditioner works pretty well . I too have curly hair that can get dry .
 The `` Deeeeep '' version of the 3 minute miracle is no substitute for the original . It leaves my hair tangled and rough . I really wish they would stop monkeying around with something that just worked .
 The title says its Burberry for Women -- but my wife handed back to me Christmas morning with a smirk - Thanks Amazon ... J
 Product was smaller than the size indicated by Tuccini , and when I registered a complaint , the Tuccini customer service representative inappropriately requested that I remove my negative review from Amazon , rather than addressing the issue at hand .
 I had an intractable migraine for over 200 days and was desperate to try anything for potential relief . This product did not relieve my migraine . It did , however , provide a pleasant burst of tingliness that got my sinuses draining . I plan to use it when my allergies are bothering me and/or if I am really stuffed up from a cold . It definitely gets things moving in your sinuses .
 As A Migraine & Headache Sufferer , I Purchase Many Items That May Help Me Feel Better . As Soon As I Tried This Product It Knocked Me Off My Feet & Gave Me One Of The Worst Migraines I 've Ever Experienced . It Was Like A Bomb Went Off In My Head.I Would Recommend WellPatch Cooling Migraine Patch Which Lasts Up To 8 Hours . It Is Lightly Scented With Menthol & Lavender Oil . As Soon As You Place The Cool Patch On Your Forehead You Start Feeling Relief . Best Wishes !
 As the `` Item being reviewed '' states , I ordered Sinus Buster Headache and even though that is what my order slip stated too , I received the basic Sinus Buster product . Whether or not they are the same product I should have received the `` labeled '' product that I ordered . I kept the product because I did n't want the hassle or cost of returning it . In addition , I paid for overnight delivery so I could take the product on vacation with me . Because of some situation with the company -LRB- South Coast ? -RRB- . It took 6 days -LRB- 4 working days -RRB- to recieve . The product seems okay but I will not purchase anything again from South Coast ...
 It 's not that this is a bad product , or that you should n't try it for yourself , it 's just that it didnt help me at all . But everyone is different and if you are a migraine sufferer and there is a non-prescription option available , by all means see if it works for you .
 well i 'm not saying its not worth a try , it is , especially if ur like me and have headaches everyday and conventional medical treatments do n't seem to be an effective -LRB- my neurologist put me on some meds and did n't do anything , so i decided to try this -RRB- . The only bad side effect i 've had is smelling blood shortly after use , and becoming congested after i used it , hopefully it fairs better for others that buy it than it did for me
 This product has validity as a natural spray that really opens up the sinuses . As for it 's Migrane Headache claims , it seemed to make a small difference in the severity of the pain for about 30 minutes . I ended up having to take the over the counter pain reliever to end the headache.On the up side , knowing that nothing works for all people , this company does stand by it 's claim to refund if not satisfied . I 'm thankful for that!I 'm still looking for a natural cure for migranes!Signed
 Figured the reason this works for headaches is that the searing pain in your nostrils distracts from the pain in your head .
 Chronic headache sufferer here . Headache Buster did not work for me . Not even a little bit of relief . Glad to hear it works for others , but no luck for me . On to the next one ...
 On December I bought lipsticks from World Shoppers . I ordered # 16 Apricot Fantasy which is a very light pink/apricot color . I received a VERY DARK color -LRB- Chrome -RRB- . After I gave the company a bad review through Amazon , I received an email from World Shoppers telling me to contact them to resolve the situation . I emailed them as instructed and never received an answer back from them . I will NEVER use this company again !
 Nice clean Braun design but the hands are not at all luminous as advertised . Not so useful in a dark room .
 On the good side : - Keeps accurate time.-Long battery life.-Reasonably loud alarm.-Easy to read in daylight.On the negative side : - Not possible to set accurate alarm - can easily miss by up to 10 minutes.-Thicker than it needs to be.-Battery cover tends to fall off in luggage . Ours is Scotch-taped on.-Alarm On/Off switch easily pushed in luggage . Ours is taped off.-CANNOT SEE WITHOUT A FLASHLIGHT AT NIGHT.-HANDS AND NUMBERS ARE NOT LUMINOUS.Braun usually does better than this . Too bad .
 I purchased this rather quickly because of its low price . But for an alarm clock , which sits next to my bed , there is no way to read the time in the dark . Kind of ridiculous for an alarm clock .
 This fragrance normally smells wonderful ! I purchased a bottle from Amazon , and i must have received an old , out of date rancid bottle , because it stunk to high heaven . I went to print a return label since the item i received was OBVIOUSLY defective , and found out that Amazon does not accept returns on perfume . Wonderful ! I received a rancid bottle , and can not return it . I will never buy fragrance from Amazon again due to the fact they do not accept returns on defective , outdated products they sell , such as fragrance . I would highly recommend you buy your perfume elsewhere and make sure you test the bottle first . This is outdated , and smells horrible ! Normally this fragrance smells wonderful , but BEWARE , what i received was disgusting , and is headed for the trash can since they will not allow a return/exchange . Very disappointed that such a large company does not stand behind the products they sell ! I am out almost $ 30 and not very happy about it !
 I find this concealer to be a little too heavy . A beauty consultant at Sephora had me try Makeup Forever concealer and it is much more natural looking . I think Amazing Concealer is overrated .
 Do n't buy these scissors ... Note that the finger and thumb hole are not closed . They look good and they are made of good material , but the gaps in the holes allow your thumber and finger to slip into them , causing pain when you use them . Now I am trying to figure out how to close the holes to make them usable .
 I was using a ROC product for eye cream but read that this was `` the best '' . Have tried it for 20 + days and Must say it is NOT as good as the ROC eye cream .
 I currently own a set of AUTHENTIC CHI round ceramic brushes . I bought the 1.5 '' , the 2.0 '' , and the 3.0 '' CHI Round Ceramic Brushes from Omni Solutions . BUYER BEWARE , they are selling counterfit CHI round ceramic brushes for the authentic price . This is the worst experience I have had buying online . I am asking for a refund .
 Purchased this item with the impression that it was truely quality , could n't be further from the truth .
 These scissors work OK but are not consistent . They were a little tight causing my fingers to get sore opening and closing them . They cut ok till I got close to the pivot screw . Just average .
 I have been using this product for years and have LOVED it . I do n't know if they changed the ingredients recently but I ca n't even wear this on my face , no less under my nose because of the way that it smells . The product was sealed and is not expired ... ???
 $ $ $ 89.95 ????!!! You 'd have to be crazy to pay this price!This was a good product at around $ 4.00 . I have used it for years . and may have paid up to $ 8.00 -- but let 's get real folks ... I 'd have way more lines spending that much money for this product than going without it !!!
 I noticed that I have dark circles under eyes so I bought this gel . I used it a few times . Not only it did n't work on dark circles , it produced fat articles around my eyes . I guess it blocks pores . It 's really bad . Do n't waste your money and time to downgrade the skin condition .
 I have always used Trim salon board which is why I ordered the six pack . After a long wait to receive them I was very disappointed with the quality ... they felt like the grit was just glued onto the pink base ... it felt tacky and peeled away when I started to use it . I thought maybe it was just that particular board but when I used another board it started peeling away as well ! ... this has happened with each board and I 've used three.They did n't come in a commercially wrapped package . . just loose . . I will continue to use Trim boards but will purchase them from a different seller .
 Not a bad product when you think about it . Good idea really . However , poor manufacturing . These nippers take a nice cut and the spring opens up the handles for continuous use . However , the spring keeps falling out . Back to the drawing board .
 My experience is that after only a few uses , the nippers do not cut very well . I did n't have any problem with the spring falling out , however .
 These scissors actually spring open sideways and clamp your hair instead of cutting it . I 've never seen anything so bad . OK to cut one or two hairs at a time but if you 're used to holding hair between your fingers and lopping off a clump , forget these . I went to R *** A *** and bought their house brand scissors for half the price and got better results .
 I have used and had very good results from the virgin hair fertilizer but this `` Virgo '' fertilizer is not producing the same results .
 I purchased this product for hair growth and breakage . After about 2 months of regular use , it has done nothing . No additional lenght , or thickness . I have some bald areas and was hoping for some new growth . This product has a very strong smell , in fact the 1st time I used it , I was a little dizzy do not buy .
 I would n't even give the product one star but since I have to . . The VIRGIN hair fetilizer worked wonders on my hair when I used it but this is the VIRGO hair fertilizer and they took the herbal extracts mixture out and threw in african shea butter ... DO NOT buy from this seller . Go somewhere else until you the real VIRGIN hair fertilizer !!!
 I have been using the Virgin Hair Fertilizer for over 4 years ; and grew accustomed to repairs in thinning areas and treatment to my sometimes flaky scalp ; therefore , I was taken aback when I received this latest shipment , -LRB- last week -RRB- , because it is quite different , from what I 've been using -LRB- and used to order from Ebay -RRB- . Initially , I thought it was JUST a name change - which I noticed over a year ago , but there is a significant difference in the product , I purchased in the past called ; Virgin Hair Fertilizer and the one that I just received - bearing the VIRGO Hair Fertilizer name . It no longer contains the strong SULFUR smell , which I 've grown accustomed to and the formulation is absent the inherent minerals and herbs , that used to be included in the product . I do n't know if this is the same formulation , as that which , I 've grown to love and trust ; therefore , I am extremely hesitant about using it and have no desire to do so . Unfortunately , I bought 4 tubes of this product . It 's a shame that whenever you find a product , that develops somewhat of a following , the manufacturers take liberties that tamper with it 's ingredients and destroy brands ! I can not attest to the quality or strength of this new product and welcome a review of someone that has used it whithin the last 6-8 months , because ALL of the reviews contained on this and other sites are referencing the product , as it was BEFORE THE NAME/FORMULATION change .
 Okay , so one of my friends were telling me about this product VIRGIN and how great it is . So I decided to order it on amazon . I was so excited about my shipment . When I received it and open up the package , both of my boxes say VIRGO . I do n't like this false advertisement . The picture that is shown above clearly shows the name brand VIRGIN . I know the title says it wears a new name but once again I go back to the picture it does n't say that . They should really update the picture so people could know what they are buying instead of just putting that it wears a new name . Of course once I saw the name Virgo I came on amazon to check out everyone 's reviews and see what they all had to say about this . I see a lot of positive feedback even though its not the real stuff . So I 'm going to try it out and be back with a an updated review . Once again please change the picture .
 The product supposed to be virgin because when I brought it I saw virgin when I received it I saw VIRGO .
 have not had this product long and have not got to use it regularas of yet , that 's why i gave a 2
 I was expecting Virgin Hair Cream . Although the Ad says its a name change , the photo still shows Virgin as the name of the product you expect to get !
 Cant stand the smell . Only used several times with no real noticed in change . Actually threw it out . It may be only for certain hair types .
 I am a 37 year old man , and I did n't see any difference . It feels nice , smell is good , did n't bother my eyes or skin - but I did n't see any difference .
 i used both the eye cream and laser focus . i was incredibly disappointed with both . i noticed no improvements in any of the areas the products claim to enhance . will definitely not by again .
 Do n't buy it ! I bought Caswell-Massey Gardenia Signature Scent Lotion and loved the natural scent of gardenia . I was so impressed I asked my husband for the Signature Scent Spray for my birthday gift because I wanted a longer lasting gardenia scent . The Signature Scent Spray does n't smell anything like gardenias nor the lotion . If you like gardenia scented lotion , by all means , buy that . But ... back to the Sniff Analysis Room for the Caswell-Massey Gardenia Signature Scent SPRAY Team !
 These things are , at least for me , a nightmare . I am an experienced roller user and these things tangle in my hair like no other roller I 've ever used .
 This color is great but it smears and fades away quickly so there is a need for touch ups often .
 This color is great but it smears and fades away quickly so there is a need for touch ups often .
 This color is great but it smears and fades away quickly so there is a need for touch ups often .
 Very limited life for these ... I found them to be a waste of money . You could do the same thing with one of those blocks with different textured sides for a lot less of an investment .
 Advertised to curl and condition and it does neither . My hair was a bit wavier but oh so dry . NOT a good conditioner .
 This color is great but it smears and fades away quickly so there is a need for touch ups often .
 THe product was old . The plastic bottle used to mix ingredients and then administer to hair was cracked . This product was so old that is did NOTHING to my hair . NOTHING ! What a waste of time and money . I will never buy hair color from you again .
 This color is great but it smears and fades away quickly so there is a need for touch ups often .
 I ordered this because of the other positive reviews . On my skin this smells like baby powder , and not in a good way . I put this on and when my boyfriend came home he immediately asks what that smell was . When I told him it was the perfume he said it was awful and and making him gag .
 This Egyption Musk oil smells ok , I wore just a dab to work and it made me and others around me sneeze alot . Also i broke out a little with redness and itching where I applied it . So I do not suggest this to someone who thinks they may want to avoid these issues .
 I am an avid amazon customer and this is by far the worst thing I have ever purchased online . . I cant belive how people can give this absolute piece of crap so many positive reviews , which tricked me into buying this . . This has absolutely no fragrance at all , and I could detect it only if I smelled hard . . I asked my husband to smell it and even he said he couldnt much . . I dont think both of us has olfactory probs like some reviewer mentioned here . . and for what its worth it doesnt even last 1 hour . . by which I mean , after 1 hour when I smelled the area I rubbed it in , there was nothing ! and yeah , when you put it on and smell it , it smells cheap powdery!I am so dissapointed by this purchase not just because of the bucks I spent , but to think I made such a bum of myself by buying this cheap thing , with so many expectations . . Pls do yourself a favor and stay away . . !
 I ordered this roll-on perfume oil in the most basic of scents - vanilla . I am amazed at how much this DOES NOT SMELL LIKE VANILLA . How hard can it be?No one , after smelling this , would even say , `` It kind of reminds me of a cheap vanilla candle . '' That 's how far off it is . For this to smell like a $ 1 candle would be a huge improvement . It smells like clouds of baby powder and artificial sweetener.The `` Vanilla '' sent is putridly sweet and powdery dry . There is no note of the warm milkiness that you expect from even a poor quality vanilla scent . It does n't smell yummy and edible . It smells nasty and chemical immediately upon application . I wanted to wash it off immediately but I gave it a chance . Upon drydown the powder smell becomes totally overpowering . After a few hours the whole effect faded significantly but not enough for me to avoid washing my wrists to escape it.I gave it one star because zero stars was not an option .
 Very synthetic ! It 's very hard to nail a true jasmine scent , and Auric Blends fails to measure up . Since ordering this roll-on , I have discovered a jasmine scent named `` Zen '' by Indikah . Now that is fantastic jasmine !
 I can not STAND the smell of this . I love the smell of coconut ... but this is not it . Overpowering and just flat rank .
 I do n't know why everyone is complaining about the faint smell . Yes , it is faint when you open the bottle cap and sniff it . Once you dab it on you - just a quarter size and let it sit and go into your skin , the fragrance will start to grow . Initially when you first buy the perfume , you may need to put on about 12 '' of it on your body to detect the scent . Then go out for a day or so -LRB- walk around in the fresh air -RRB- and you 'll start to notice the scent . After your nose can delineate between the fresh air and the scent , you 'll notice that the scent is actually quite strong . Later , just a dab will last you 48 hours - through showers and repeated hand washing / dish washing.This fragrance reminds me of my Kindergarten teachers and older women in their late 30s up to 60s wearing this stuff . This is definitely not for women in their 20s , as it smells too `` motherly '' and `` married . '' It 's a comforting , sweet scent , but it smells old , as in a popular scent that we grew up with when we were little , so it lends itself as an older woman scent from the last generation .
 I read the reviews where people said they could n't smell anything . I took a chance and ordered anyways , thinking they must have had bad noses or had actually got used to the smell . I ordered two bottles . The first was okay . It did n't smell musky to me at all , just slightly earthy and very sweet . It was weak , and only lasted minutes on my skin -LRB- and my skin tends to hold musky/spicy/earthy smells well -RRB- . I asked several family members to smell where I had rolled it - nothing.The second bottle ... I almost want to say it was just vegetable oil , but it had a slight burnt rubber smell to it . Maybe it was a bad bottle , I dunno , but I wish someone had smelled it before they sent it to me , because it was obviously something wrong with it . Even the texture of the oil felt wrong , if that makes sense.All these reviews really got me hopeful , and I 'm so disappointed . I would send them back if I actually had the receipt , time , and energy to do so . I just had my first daughter and the post office is so far away ! Argh !
 I do n't like it at all , it has a good staying power though but is a flowery scent , not very strong but you can feel it . If you are into flowery scents then try it .
 Thought it would smell musky vanillaish but I was wrong it smells like old lady perfume and is to strong
 If you like to smell like wet dirt then this is your scent . It smells nothing like patchouli . I had to take a shower after putting it on because it smelled so bad .
 Ordered this product based on reviews . Wow , I was definitely wrong to do that ! The order and shipping was on point , however , the the product leaves a lot to be desired . It smells like irish spring soap . I could have gone to the local family dollar to get this smell . Never again .
 I did n't use this product . I returned for refund as well as a large bottle of the same fragrance . I was so disapointed that it smelled more like cooking oil rather than the exotic aroma described . Amazon did refund promptly which I appreciated but I hate to have to return things .
 My wife smelled this on someone else , and was happy to own for herself . But when we got it , it had virtually no scent at all . Perhaps the bottle we got was old or defective . But not at all what she had thought it would be . We returned it , and Amazon was AMAZING about giving us our money back .
 I read the other reviews stating that this perfume was too faint , and that you could n't smell the fragrance . I should have paid attention to it . But , having said that , I am also one who likes a strong fragrance . This one is extremely mild but pleasant . It 's a pleasant fragrance , I just should have saved my money . I just assumed maybe it was just the difference in chemistry and maybe it would work for me ... it did n't .
 This has absolutely no honeysuckle scent to it at all . So if you are looking for that clean sweet smell , do n't bother with this stuff .
 I recently ordered a small sampling of Auric Blends fragrances , and this one was a disappointment . It started out nice and smelled nice in the roller , a fresh rosy-jasmine smell . However , it quickly changed to an unpleasant nursing home smell , finally drying down to a baby powder smell . The smell is giving me a slight headache , lasting forever and I will never , ever wear this again . It might work on somebody else 's chemistry , but I ca n't imagine many people wanting to smell like either an old lady or a baby 's bottom . I love other scents by this brand -LRB- Love , Sweet Rain -RRB- , but this was a miss for me .
 I thought I 'd try this based on some lovely reviews , but sadly this was n't for me . Gave me a man kinda smell . Not what I was going for . Had to toss . A little strong and headache-inducing as well . Ishall stick with their Egyptian Goddess Blend , which is soft and feminine on me .
 As others have said , this scent goes on very light . The first time I applied , it was very faint and lasted a few minutes . I reapplied a few times before I got a good concentration of fragrance . It smells a little spicy , musky , a little powdery , a little floral , a bit medicinal . I think of older women when I smell this by itself.I did try layering with my everyday perfume , and it added more musk and spiciness , which I thought was lacking . I like the scent but I 'm still on the fence and will need to get a second opinion later . I do n't think I 'll be buying this again .
 I bought the vanilla scent and upon opening it for the first time , I noticed a pervasive artificial strawberry scent , similar to that of the original Strawberry Shortcake doll made in the mid 1980s . I could still smell the vanilla fragrance under the strawberry , and I thought that maybe the scent was from the packaging rather than from the oil so I applied some of the oil . The strawberry scent was still present , and did not fade with time . Just to be sure I was n't imagining things , I tried the oil again today and it still has the artificial and unpleasant strawberry scent .
 So they were cheap and I wanted a new perfume so after reading the reviews and the scent details I ordered both Coco Mango and Majik.Majik - Smells icky , powdery in a bad way and like an old lady . It gets in your nose and burns , it takes a while to get rid of the gross stench even initial washing it off does n't help much . I hoped after an hour or two the powdery icky old lady smell would diminish into something I could stand but it did n't it just smelled bad and continued to smell bad . Seriously it stinks bad ! I would not recommend this to anyone , even if I did n't like them . Even at the cheap price it is n't worth it and it definitely smells cheap.Coco Mango - Smells pretty good , kind of tropical and its not too heavy of a scent however it does n't last long either . After an hour or so you ca n't even smell it anymore not even on pulse points . So while it smells good expect to have to reapply it multiple times in a day if you want anyone to be able to smell it . Okay considering the cheap price and what perfume costs , but kind of a pain to have to reapply multiple times in a day , of course it does come in a easy to apply container that would fit well in a purse even a small one.Packaging - Both items came packaged well and neither was broken .
 i was trying to experiment with different brands and love honeysuckle . but when i got this product , it smells like shampoo or soap . i was very disappointed . i asked a few other people and they said the same thing . nothing flowery about this scent at all . do not waste your money
 I am still on the search for a real coconut scent ... this one was too musty ... not my favorite ... I know that it is just a matter of personal preference ... and if you are looking for a real coconut smell ... this is not going to be it . .
 This smells not even remotely close to sandalwood . I have been wearing sandalwood for years and recently have not been able to find it anywhere locally , but I struck out by purchasing this . Well , the search continues ...
 Darn ! I 'm so disappointed because I really had hopes this would smell like the Patchouli of days gone by . Unfortunately , it does n't . The oil is thick and goes on smoothly with the roller ball but I detect no Patchouli fragrance . I even tested it with my husband who absolutely adores Patchouli
 I REALLY , REALLY wanted to like this . Was so anxious to get it . Other reviews were great so I am wondering if mine just got messed up or something . It stinks . Really stinks . Nothing musky at all about this . It smells like hand soap but not the good kind . So disappointed . Cant even describe the smell - just a strong flowery scent and smells like cheap soap / lotion .
 Bhlaa , I 'm very keen on fragrances and this one sucks , the amber seems burnt and the patchouly dos ` nt help it at allWhat real amber ? you have to pay for it , like Tom Ford Amber Absolute
 Shipping was very fast . However I was expecting a white musk more along the lines of the type of scent that I would find in a spray , or something at least slightly similar . Very dissatisfied with this product . It smells far too floral , like an aerosol bathroom spray . Is it too late to get a refund ??
 I was very disappointed when I received my oils . There was absolutely no fragrance to any of the four bottles that I purchased . I will not be purchasing this product online in the future .
 First time trying Auric Blends Egyptian Goddess Roll On Perfume . I have a very good sense of smell and I actually threw this product away because it had absolutely no scent !! Very disappointing !
 I 've never been nearly knocked out by a fragrance until smelling this one . It is SO strong , I could n't even get it out of my olfactory sense after one small dab and then taking a shower to scrub it off . Patchoulli has always been one of my favorite scents , but this , well this is just overwhelmingly awful !
 After reading the intriguing reviews for this product , I was expecting a wonderful new scent to try ... sadly , I am VERY disappointed.I could barely detect any fragrance at all after I first rolled it on . I waited for a while , and then I applied more ; however , there was no noticeable increase in the scent -LRB- actually all the second application did was give me a headache , which has gone away since I scrubbed the oil off . -RRB- I had intended to try the Amber that Auric Blends offers as well -LRB- my favorite fragrance for many years -RRB- , but I am very hesitant to order it after this experience with Egyptian Goddess ...
 Not one of my favorites . I put this one in the same catagory with Love . Very light .
 I do like many of the other Auric blends scents , but this one is just gross . It smells cloyingly like the soap in public bathrooms -- to me , anyway . Sorry , but that 's my opinion !
 Omg this scent is a disaster . It smells like coconut for about 3 seconds and then it just bitter . I do n't even know how to describe it . Is it how coconut supposed to smell like ? Because it gave me headache and i had to wash it away . I do n't know about other scent but I 'm warning you , DO NOT purchase the black coconut , uhgg .
 Luckily for me i did n't buy this frangrance for myself , i bought it for my mother-in-law who likes the smell of Almond . I do n't know if she wears it ...
 I do n't see what all the fuss is about . This oil smells okay , but it does not last at all . I would NOT buy this again
 This is not the same patchouli as was commonly available in the US during the late 60 's and early 70 's . That fragrance was very distinctive and unforgettable . This product is not the same thing - not even close .
 Smells are all jumbled up . It does n't resemble honeysuckle at all . Very strong smell , it does n't even smell floral at all .
 I would love to give a great review , but I have yet to receive this product . Oh and today makes a month since I processed this order . If I ever receive it I 'll be sure to rewrite this review . BTW , I only marked the rating because they wont let me post without it .
 I was actually sent the wrong perfume . The company sent me a Patchouli scent , which I normally love , but what I got was terrible . I put a little bit on my hands and wound up having to wash my hands several times just to get the smell off.It was too strong and really did n't smell good at all . If they made Patchouli smell bad , I do n't even want to think what they could do with the Egyptian Musk .
 Nothing tropical about this scent . The vendor accepted this back and stated that the Auric Blends scents have receieved significant negative feedback . Do not waste your money on this product .
 I was expecting more of an essential oil , but it actually smells more like a perfume and not as earthy as I wanted . I would n't buy it again . I 'll find a 100 % essential oil instead .
 I had read So many positive reviews on the Egyptian Goddess '' scent , and it sounded so enticing!While it arrived very quickly , . . as soon as I opened the bottle . . I smelled what seemed like a pine sol scent or some kind of cleanser , I had also read in some reviews that the bottle just might need to be exposed to the air a little to really bring out the true scent , I gave it 2 days on my skin , which you can not get off for about 2 days any way , even after scrubbing in the shower , . . seemed to just keep getting stronger and started to give me a headache.So as I really tried and wanted to love Egyptian Goddess , . . it was just not for me . `` as I sit here still with the scent on my wrist `` unable to get it off '' took another sniff , and ugh . .
 I was 100 % disappointed by the aroma of Egyptian Goddess . I put it on and immediately wished I had n't . It stayed on for 3 good days , and I showered each day . I have tried to give it away , but nobody wants it . Next week it will be making it 's way to the great-grandmother , maybe she will like it . To sum it up very quickly
 This oil blend smelled absolutely wonderful at first , but two or three weeks after receiving and opening it went flat . Now it just smells like oil and the fragrance is barely perceptible . What a shame ... I 'm not sure if it was the vender , or if this is standard for this blend . Many other reviewers have the same experience.Additionally , the fragrance Night Queen that I ordered at the same time from a different vendor -LRB- I think -RRB- is wonderful . I 'm not sure why Amazon wo n't let me place a separate review for it - so I am attaching it here : Night Queen is a wonderful oil blend . I would describe it as musky , with delicious citrus and clean floral notes . I 've had it for at least 6 months and it still retains its fragrance , unlike the Egyptian Goddess that I purchased at the same time .
 the reviews made me try this perfume ... yeah rright , do ` nt get fool with these reviews !!! stinky smell and wont even last for a sec !!! but the shipment so fast !!!
 The first time I used this fragrance it made me nauseous . It had an old lady smell to it . I did n't smell any sandalwood at all . Very disappointed . I threw it away !
 This product was very disappointing to me . The smell is light and does not have that musky smell of sandlewood . It took a hot shower and lots of scrubing to remove the oil from my skin .
 ... either that or marzapan ! Do n't get me wrong I love , love both types of sweets but I do n't want to smell like either one . The first time I wore Black Coconut someone walked into our office and said , ` you ladies are always baking something ' . Unfortunatley , we did not have any baked goods in the office that day . I bought this scent because someone here said it smelled like the beach or suntan oil/lotion and thought that is what I am looking for in a summer scent -LRB- and I live on the beach , so again I thought , perfect -RRB- . This left me smelling like a bakery . I was not going for smelling like food items , the pantry or my local bakery/cafe . These are also thick oils and thick scents which I do n't mind but others may .
 The scent is barely detectable . It 's as if I 'm not wearing anything at all , and I have a very sensitive nose . The `` oil '' is very sticky/gummy on the skin too .
 I seriously could n't smell a thing . Had my teenage daughter smell it too and she could n't smell it either . However , my teenage son yelled that the smell was horrible -- to not pack his lunch or touch anything of his while wearing it . Came out in a weird greasy way from roller . Threw it away .
 I have gotten many Auric Blends perfumes before and liked them alot , but always got them from a local store . Against my better judgement I decided to buy this one sight-unseen , or unsmelled as this case may be . I looked at the description for this scent on the auric blends website . The description makes it sound nice . It isnt . It smells like a mixture of those cinnamon pine-cones , bad yucky rose potpourri , some smoky smell -LRB- like the after smell of incense , which I usually like -RRB- baby powder and some other ungodly sweet compound -LRB- possibly jasmine/gardenia , which I also usually like -RRB- . The whole effect of the mixture is quite repelling . To make it worse , I think I am allergic to something in it because within seconds of applying it to my wrists and neck I began to feel hot , my wrists and neck turned red and got really itchy.All this being said I am sure that there are some that may thoroughly enjoy this perfume , I however am not among them . I would just suggest to anyone considering this specific scent to , if possible , search it out at a local store and actually smell before you buy .
 I was hoping that becuase this was an oil I would get something that smelled like true lavender . Well , I was sadly disappointed when I received the item . It has hardly any notes of lavender in it and smells more like old French-milled soap . The smell is n't horrible & it lasts but it was what I had expected . I had used the vanilla and coconut oils before and they were true to their scents so I was hoping for the same on this Lavender oil .
 Great shipping , the product arrived days before the estimated date . However , I was very disappointed with the oil . I wonder if they sent me an old bottle . The roller ball to apply it was stuck , and once I was able to get the oil out , I could hardly smell anything .
 I chose to get the Egyptian Goddess since it seemed to have good reviews but I must have an extremely different idea of what good smells like . I opened it and without smelling it first just rolled a little bit on my arm , I smelled like an old lady all day -LRB- no offense intended -RRB- . Right after I put it on this really sexy guy I work with walks in and says it smells weird in here what is that !? I showed him the scent and the disgust on his face said it all lol . Then of course I figured it 'll fade soon enough but no I could smell it for hours so I said screw this I need to wash my wrists . Even then I could kind of smell it and I do n't have smelling like a dog it was just that bad . When I got home that night I had my grandma and mom see of they liked it and the look on their face was priceless haha , I need to send this crap back . Otherwise its one of those gifts you give out for xmas to someone you do n't exactly like .
 ` forbidden desire ' reeked of old lady smell it was horrible ! but Im interested in trying ` egyptian goddess ' does it smell bad too ??
 This oil has no scent at all ... what a waste of money !!!! it seriously smells just like vegetable oil ... i do n't know what they gave me but this oil does n't smell good or like anything at ail
 This stuff does n't smell anything like sandalwood . It smells like old 1970 's Avon thats been in storage for 40 years . GROSS . I would give it zero stars if I could .
 Maybe I got a bad bottle ? This smells like plastic or rubber . I smell a faint musk underneath , but the predominant note is rubber . Too bad - after all the great reviews I was thinking that this would smell wonderful . Maybe it just does n't mix well with my body chemistry , or as I said earlier , maybe I just got a bad batch .
 Take the cap off and sniff , and you 'll get a light whiff of this perfume . Not bad , really . But , roll it on and the scent disappears . I 've used it several times and the result is the same ... nothing . I can only think that it is just too weak to have a scent when spread thinly on the skin . I am aware that an individual 's personal chemistry can affect perfumes , but I expect some scent , even if different once applied . Disappointing , to say the least , and I am afraid I can not recommend this product .
 i got this item after reading all the reviews . I wasnt impressed with the scent , reminded me of an old closet smell , i 'm 34yrs old and enjoy a variety of both subtle and pronounced scents but this wasnt fresh smelling at all . I ended up mixing with another oil perfume i had so i wouldnt waste it .
 This product was affordable , but does n't smell like sandalwood at all . I was very disappointed , but I suppose you get what you pay for .
 I purchased the Jasmine scent because I wanted to try something new -LRB- my signature smell is `` Aphrodesia '' by Song of India -RRB- , but I 'm totally underwhelmed by the smell . Well actually , its a pretty overwhelming smell , but it does n't register as Jasmine to me . My dad -LRB- who is in his 60s , and who 's senses are n't as sharp as they used to be -RRB- thinks it smells amazing -LRB- I think it makes me smell like a hotel bathroom -LRB- y' know that generic soap/air freshener smell ? -RRB- -RRB- , but my boyfriend -LRB- who is a big fan of my usual scented oil -RRB- ca n't seem to smell it at all , so I 'm quite dumbfounded . When the package arrived , it was clad in bubble wrap along with a free box of incense cones -LRB- my dad was thrilled -RRB- , but the container somehow leaked during transport , and just reeked . I had to wash my hands several times to get the smell off them . When I put it on , I kept forgetting , and so would periodically wonder what the terrible smell was . I do n't think I 'm gon na get this again , and I feel bad , but I 've considered never purchasing from this brand again . Perhaps I 'm just a Song of India gal through and through ...
 i ordered this perfume because i loved a frangrance that bath & body used to sell as `` Sandalwood Vanilla '' . When i received this perfume and applied it i was shocked that it smelled NOTHING like i expected . i found it cloyingly overpowering and much too floral-y . Perhaps it was the way it interacted with my body chemistry , i 'm not sure , but i would n't recommend buying a scent you ca n't try before you buy .
 I ordered Night Queen fragrance and received something marked Night Queen but it is not . I have used it for years and am sorely disappointed .
 Honestly , you can tell it 's a nice-smelling perfume because of the occasional hints of fragrance that come out of the bottle , but they 're so rare that you 're really left with what some other reviewers described as car oil smell , which I guess is like the basis oil the perfume uses . I do n't know , I threw it out . Not buying any more Auric Blends .
 I do n't normally give products one star , but this scent is awful . I ordered black coconut , and it smells like some horrible mix of rubber and chemicals . Maybe with a hint of coconut.So if you want to smell like a car tire that may or may not have run over a coconut , this is perfect !
 Review about `` Auric Blends Egyptian Goddess '' by Day Dream . . When I smell this once I got this product , I like smell , it 's light and stay about 4hours on my body but on 4th day when I open this bottle and I do n't get any scent smell , I thought I got cold but I asked my family members `` did you guys smell this ?? '' any scent smell is there ? my family members laugh on me so badly , and we realized no more scent smell and it 's `` just oil now '' in mostly above half of the bottle still remains ... do n't purchase this product by Day Dream.Yes I got Black opium from vendor name `` Xtremek '' , that perfume oil still nice smell but stay only 4 to 5hrs . . but do not buy this `` Auric Blends Egyptian Goddess '' from Day dream this is the my bad experience of this product ... . I tried similar products in India called `` Attar from Ratlam Aerochem is company name '' its nice one but bad luck that I do n't get online so , I try this product ... do n't waste money on this `` Auric Blends Egyptian Goddess '' . Smell gone after 4days , think if you plan to gift someone this product after 4days ???? ugghghhhhh ??? Smell gone after 4days just oil now ... Smell gone after 4days just oil now ... Smell gone after 4days just oil now ... - Thanks
 This product arrived open and had leaked out on everything else in the box . It smells like old lady perfume and is very overpowering . I had to throw the whole bottle out and wash my hands several times to remove the smell . It also gave me a headache as soon as I opened the box , it even stunk up my whole recycling box !
 I 'm disappointed it had leaked when it arrived & was only half full ... or perhaps it had been used or something.Yikes !
 So I just received my blck coconut roll-on , and was so excited to try it because I LOVE all things coconut , and I 'm disappointed to say the least . Its almost sickeningly sweet , and I really do n't sense that much coconut . It almost smells syrupy . I put it on though because oils can smell different on the body then it does in the jar . 4 hours later and its still pretty sweet ... not as bad as it was when I first put it on , but definitely smelling even less like coconut . I thought I would be getting a true tropical warm scent from the description ... -LRB- pure coconut with a bit of spice -RRB- but , alas , I go right back to the bubble_gum scents of junior high when I smell this . Does anyone have any recommendations for a TRUE coconut scent ? -LRB- Nutty , creamy , musky , and warm smelling -RRB- I 'm willing to try anything ! But id rather stick with the all natural oils for their longevity .
 I SO wanted to like this fragrance - but it smells like aftershave ! Made me a bit sick to my stomach as well ... another reviewer was right - a VERY little goes a long way . I faired a bit better with the Opium scent - but I wo n't be wearing it . I ordered one more
 not good ; it does not have no smell , poor quality ... dont buy itAuric Blends Egyptian Goddess Roll-On Perfume 1/3 oz
 Ok so I received this item quickly and in good condition , kudos to shipper . But I do not care for the scent . I did n't like the smell from the bottle and neither from the back of my hand where I placed a small amount . It smells like a funeral pallor or something funky , there is a dominant scent perhaps Lilly , sorry , not for me . To be fair I will try on pulse point to see if there is an improvement , which I doubt . I will come back and update if something changes . This will be gifted to another .
 bonjour et merci pour la livraison parfaite qui est arrivee a temps :-RRB- ... sauf que le produit ne correspond pas du tout avec le musk white que je recherche et que je connais depuis que je suis petite ... j' en ai commande a 2 endroits diff&eacute;rents pour voir la difference mais l'odeur est identique :-LRB- je suis d&eacute;u ! si quelqu'un peut me dire ou trouver du vrai Musk White se serai super gentil de votre part et je re-ferai un essais mais surement pas celui de Auric Blends : -LRB-
 To me the smell is annoying . I mixed it with another scent . I expected a soft scent . The scent made my head hurt .
 This roll on perfume is not my type . I will no longer buy products just on good reviews . I can barely smell it . Not worth it , sorry and I 'm usually not picky but this is awful .
 The site may have a technical issue . That is , no matter what scent you pick from the dropdown box , you will get the one love scent in your order . Please check your order carefully before you place the order !!! They do n't want to refund my order if i do n't return it . I do n't want to waste my time to go to the post office etc just for a few bucks . but it really is disappointing . The one love scent is too sweet and like cheap lipsticks from one dollar store ...
 Smells cheap like Irish Spring . One star for the convenient size and to carry around in purse , Can not believe someone was on a Tova website talking about this stuff ... Her father must own the company .
 I was very disappointed in this . It actually stinks . I do n't smell Jasmine at all , unless Jasmine is a sweaty hippie . Gross .
 I do n't know what this scent is , But it smells cheap , too sweet and nothing like honeysuckle . Really disappointed . Wish I could return it . Probably will toss it . Too gross to even use as a room deodorizer .
 I bought this for my wife . We both really liked the Patchouli scent we remembered from years ago . Unfortunately this did not measure up . It had a sharp industrial smell to it like oil used on machining tools like lathes and milling machines . Maybe if you were Tim Taylor from Tool Time you might like it . I wonder if it is just defective becuase I can not imagine anyone really liking it.We were very disappointed .
 I wanted to like this , I really did . I ordered Black Coconut expecting a natural coconut scent that would take me to a warm and tropical place and was convinced it would take me there from some of the reviews about this particular scent.It finally arrives and I excitedly open it and take a whiff and . . it smells synthetic . REALLY synthetic . I 'm talking Glade plug-in air freshener synthetic . I was highly disappointed at how synthetic and artificial this smells ! Because it was an oil , I was expecting it to be composed in a more natural scent -LRB- especially because coconut oil exists ! -RRB- but this literally smells like a coconut version of car freshener and you know you ca n't expect a natural scent out of those.I received this roll-on three weeks ago and tried to give it an honest chance by wearing it on my wrist and allowing it to heat up -LRB- as Egyptian Goddess taught me , a little heat can create magic ! -RRB- but even when my body warmed it up and let ts scent disperse , I was seriously far from impressed.If synthetic scents are your thing and you do n't mind an artificial coconut scent , then I 'm sure this will be for you . But in my case , I find this smells terrible . I suppose I got what I paid for considering how cheap it 's priced . . :-LRB- *** COCO MANGO *** I ordered Coco Mango and Black Coconut and received them 3 weeks ago in the mail . While I was seriously disappointed with Black Coconut , Coco Mango was definitely the winner of the order . It 's great in comparison to Black Coconut but to be honest , the scent by itself is n't impressive either . You can smell the scent of artificial coconut in this roll-on , but mango is n't exactly what I smell along with it . I warn you , the scents are quite artificial so you may not receive what you 're expecting when it comes to scents from natural sources like fruits and flowers.The scent is . . sweet , but overly sweet . Sickly sweet , if that 's a good way to describe it . It 's also very strong so if you get this , I recommend using it sparingly . I honestly do n't really care for the overly sweet scent -LRB- and this is coming from a fan of Aquolina 's Pink Sugar ! Irony ! -RRB- so I either use it extremely rarely and sparingly or not at all.I suppose I ca n't really roll with this roll-on because of how synthetic it smells ; when it comes to smelling nice , I want to smell natural , even if the scent is far from natural - unnaturally natural ! But when I used Coco Mango and Black Coconut , I felt like I smelled like one of those cheap car air fresheners you get while paying your gas money to a store clerk.I wanted to love Coco Mango especially in comparison to Black Coconut . But it has not wowed me . It 's . . decent.I had way better success with Egyptian Goddess , though !
 I decided to purchase this perfume based on the great reviews written but unfortunately , it is just was not what I was hoping for . The scent is so light , I feel as if I have to literally douse myself to smell anything . I am suspecting that the item that I got is an old batch .
 I was very dissipointed at how synthetic this smells.I have used divine opium incense and loved it . I assumed the perfume oil would smell as good as the incense i was wrong .
 I bought this thinking it would be as fragrant as other oils that I have used . Not so . I put a small amount of this on right after I got it , which was fast , and you could smell it for a few minutes . Then nothing . I thought maybe I did n't put enough on , so I reapplied . Same thing happened , even though I used more the second time . I emailed the company to see if it was possible to get an out dated or bad batch . They wrote back and told me that their oils are n't like other ones and you need to apply it 4-5 times to get the fragrance to last . Does anyone else see something wrong with that ?! Seems ridiculous to me . Anyway , I 'm not going to send it back so I guess I 'll just use it when I want to smell it for a few minutes . Wish I would have known because I would n't have gotten it or done business with this company .
 This perfume smells wonderful , but I could only give it 2 stars because of how weak the scent is . It is very , very soft and only smellable if you put your nose right to your skin . I 'd give 5 stars if Auric Blends could turn the volume up some notches on this scent .
 This is the third scent I have tried from this company . This one does n't work either -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- . No musk smell at all and it ends up smelling like one of those car fresheners from the 60s - no kidding , just awful . I so wanted to like it - the handy roller bottles are neat !
 This smells like a car air freshener , not a perfumed oil . I would stay away from this one if you are looking for a nice fragrance for you , unless you like to smell like that little pine tree that you see hanging from people 's rear view mirrors .
 This fragrance was not what I was expecting . It smells too musky and just blah . My boyfriend even said I smelled like an old lady . : / Not impressed .
 Think of the smell your Teachers had . Very Grandma-like , kind of a musky funky closet smell . That 's what this is . This is that scent . The EXACT scent . Do n't believe me ? Buy it . One whiff and suddently . . `` Mrs. Smitherson ... ? I turned in my homework , I swear ! `` That being said , I love Auric blends and just because some of their oils are hit and miss ; when it 's a hit , it 's a HIT !
 I have been using Egyptian Goddess for at least about 7 years and I thought I would order from amazon rather than the auric blends site because it was free shipping and a little cheaper . . So disappointed !! The scent is somehow different and even when I opened the package it had a different oiled scent as if one spilled over it ? It just so happened to also smell like patchouli which I ca n't stand !! I will no longer order from this site for that I KNOW what it should smell like and I do n't know if it 's old or what but that is not the Egyptian goddess I have been getting I will spend the extra few dollars and go to the real site !
 Should have listened to the reviewers who said this smells like baby powder and nothing like sandalwood . Wo n't be buying this again .
 I purchased this locally and decided to order this here because it was cheaper ... I 'm very disappointed ... it does n't smell right at all . . now I 'm stuck with 4 bottles ... I will never buy it here again .
 The smell is definitely not what I was hoping for . It smells horrid to me . Like baby powder and hair products , not the great smelling hair products either . It 's an annoying smell that hangs around strongly all day , that smells .
 I bought this based on the popularity & reviews . But it 's not for me . It smells like your typical scented oil at a head shop .
 While I like the scent , it 's just not strong enough . I do n't recommend that you purchase this item . Hopefully , the manufacturer will read these comments and improve the scent 's strength .
 I agree with the others that it does smell really good , however , the smell is so weak that i cant hardly smell it . The oil seems very thick as well and i have to rub it into my skin . I tried shaking it , but still very weak scent .
 I bought this scent because of the enthusiastic reviews , and according to the manufacturer 's website -LRB- Auric Blends -RRB- it 's wildly popular . I bought the roll on and wanted very much to like it , but , unfortunately , this one is not for me . I was expecting a warm , powdery , floral musk and instead I get a very sharp , watery -LRB- muguet ? -RRB- , floral with no soft , warm musky tones at all . Unfortunately this type of scent gives me headaches . Way too much of a bite ! It 's too bad - I was really looking forward to wearing this scent . -LRB- maybe I got a bad bottle ? or maybe it was mislabeled ? -RRB- Not for me , thanks !
 Does n't smell like coconuts . Smells very synthetic , nauseatingly sweet and plasticky . Not at all how I imagined it would be . Ca n't recommend this one , not even for teens .
 I love the smell of this perfume , but I am very unhappy with the product I received . I have purchased Auric blends at my local Whole Foods in the past and wanted to try the `` Love '' scent , so I ordered it from Amazon . I am deeply disappointed by my purchase . It seems as though there was manufacturing error with the bottle -LRB- perhaps the rolling ball was too small ? -RRB- and over a couple of days the entire contents of the bottle leaked out into my purse . Now my purse smells nice , but I have an empty bottle of perfume and a large oil stain on my bag . Not happy at all . Hoping the company will replace the bottle with one that does n't leak . If only they would replace my purse as well . Ugh .
 I do n't like a lot of fruity scents but this one is really nice . I like this one alot ! I meant to put 5 stars but I am just learning how to do reviews ! This is a 5 Star Scent !
 These things are , at least for me , a nightmare . I am an experienced roller user and these things tangle in my hair like no other roller I 've ever used .
 This color is great but it smears and fades away quickly so there is a need for touch ups often .
 This color is great but it smears and fades away quickly so there is a need for touch ups often .
 I have really sensitive skin , I admit , but this shampoo and conditioner made my scalp really dry and itchy . I switched over to Aveda sensitive scalp , much better .
 This is what I ordered , in the color I wanted , but it seemed like it was past the use date . That 's probably why I could find it only online and it was not available in the stores any longer . It had a very weird odor . Would not recommend . Use make-up with BB in it .
 Zero Stars!With all of those natural and safe ingredients , Komenuka Bijin blew it when they added the very unsafe and unhealthy chemical preservative paraben.Disappointed beyond belief !
 I bought Komenuka Bijin Facial Cleansing Powder . It is a powder cleanser that lightly suds up when you apply water . I got about three cleansings out of each packet . So the price is not a bad deal . I liked the scent and it seemed to be free of many chemicals . However , I noticed that it was not a good enough cleanser to remove makeup . So if you decide to buy this product you will need to use a toner if you want to make sure your skin is really clean . I used this product for 2.5 weeks , with the Komenuka Bijin Facial lotion . The results
 It was a nice size when I received it , it is crumbly and wasteful , way too much money for this product to crumbly and waste . The color is the only thing I liked .
 I bought this product from another store , and did n't use it for six weeks which was silly . I tried it 3 times and had the exact same reaction on each occasion - my skin started itching to the point where it became unbearable and I had to take a shower to scrub it off . Also , this did n't leave my skin feeling soft or moisturized at all . Just slightly sticky . I ca n't say whether or not this is generally a good product , but it 's definitely bad value and I 'm unlikely to ever buy Mustela again .
 I do , and while I 'm not sure if the label indicates that this is not a product for your face and scalp ... it should ! It felt great going on and for a few hours . But by late morning and for the whole rest of the day I felt like I was covered in grease . You know that feeling you get after eating really greasy fried food ? That 's the one ! It was hard to even wash off . Instead of this I highly recommend the Dessert Essence Jojoba Oil instead -LRB- ASIN : B0000C0XL8 -RRB- . You only need a tiny little bit and it works wonders just after shaving my head and face .
 I was reading the label on this lotion the other day . I have been using this off and on for about a month or so . I never noticed before that it has a warning label on the back of the bottle . It says that this contains dimethicone and should after 7 days of use , you should see your doctor.I looked up dimethicone online . I saw that various websites have warnings that vary widely . They say anything from discontinue use after 7 days because it causes skin irritation to avoid completely , because it causes cancer . Maybe it does and maybe it does not . I am not willing to take that chance . I am throwing mine out and not buying it again .
 I miss chocolate fragrance . I ca n't believe they discontinued it . Did n't like pink sugar . too strong.Will not buy again .
 This brush is DEFINITELY NOT a DRY body brush - a wet shower back brush , perhaps . But yeooowwww - brush this on your dry skin and your will fully exfoliate your epidermis , scratch your delicate tissue , causing it to bleed , leading to potential infections from the abrasions . This is true no matter how gently you brush with this stiff-bristled tool.Not sure what brush tool others got when they ordered , but unless you have the skin of a rhinoceros , elephant , hippopotamus or other pachyderm , this brush is NOT for dry skin brushing . Plus , the brush comes with a long detachable handle - looks like a wet bath back brush , and in fact , I believe that 's what this brush really is.Try the Berben International soft texture jute body brush - it 's more expensive , for sure , but you wo n't require medical intervention to address the rips and tears to delicate skin after dry brushing ...
 I do n't know what happened to this product , but whatever it was , it was n't good . I had purchased my first vial nearly a year earlier and was thrilled with the scent , and it lasted all day . It was sweet , sensual , wonderful . This new edition is none of those things.First off it does not smell the same , there is no longer the sweetness , the floral tones so important , obviously . Second , it does n't last , which is now I suppose a good thing.I ended up pitching the whole thing , I was n't going to wear it , it was just taking up space . Too bad , it had been my favorite .
 I use to love this perfume . This has an old smell to it . Service was great just does n't smell good
 It seems the product has been watered down . Guess I should have stuck with ordering from the Health Food store . It 's the same price but the color is darker and the fragance will last all day , unlike this one . You know the label is even coming off which means it 's fake . Sorry I order 6 bottles .
 I ordered black opium and day dream send patchauly ... What a junk ... I 'm not affordable return this item , do n't deal with these junks ... Waste of money and trust of amazon sellers ... I ordered 3 different products 1 -RRB- Egyptian Godess scent smell gone after 4days , 2 -RRB- Black opium that was good so , I ordered again same BlackOpium but 3 -RRB- got patchauly instead of Black Opium.Thanks and I will sure never deal with you guys.HP
 Smells too much PA Pere ' Old Man smell ... Nothing like the name , . , , , , Opium ... an insult to the Originalwas not what I expected with the name &#34; Opium &#34;
 Although I love Auric blends and had n't found one I did n't like things have changed . This one was overpowering . I touched it to my skin and it was hours before the scent eased . Maybe if I stood out in the 60 mph winds we 're having today it could work . My favorite is African Musk by Auric Blends .
 I order a few of these oils . Different ones and Rasta happen to be one of them . I ordered the Rasta and other ones from the reviews I read . Rasta is not one of my favorites . It is too strong for my taste . I think the one I like the best would be Egyptian Goddess and One Love .
 This Black Opium scent reminds me of those cheap Chinese plastic goods you get at the Ranch 99 or those Chinese markets that sell plastic goods - plastic cups , bowls , lunch boxes , etc. . I bought it from Amazon but I am very displeased with the scent . I 'm more into floral and berry scents like Victoria 's Secret . I do n't think this is suitable for women in their 20s . It has a deeper , earthy , somewhat ethnic scent . I would n't call it a fragrance good to wear . Maybe as a soap fragrance for the hands , but definitely not for the body . It does n't smell that inviting .
 If you want to smell like your grandmother , This is the one for you . I bought this thinking that the opium smell would have a bit of a musky undertone but the amber just makes it smell like straight grandma .
 The brush is very very very precise small brush . It really does n't deserve all this money !! !! !! !!
 If you are looking for the original Sunshine Woodspice , this is n't it . The photo is of the original and i even called the company to confirm it was the original and not Sunshine Spa . I was assured it was and the photo was correct.What was delivered was the foul smelling Sunshine Spa . This is blatant bait and switch.Don ' t Bother !
 I bought this product as a Rosecea sufferer wiling to try anything . it worked for my mom so I thought I 'd try it.It looks like some reddening in my cheeks has gone away . But if that is the case , it is very slight . After using it twice a day , daily for 3 weeks - would I buy iy again ? probably not .
 This color is great but it smears and fades away quickly so there is a need for touch ups often .
 This is the worst mousse I 've used , and I 've gone through several brands because my hair is hardly manageable . Suave does n't stiffen your hair , but that 's because it does n't seem to do anything at all . I get no ringlets , no defined durls , nothing . It seems to dissapear once I put it in . I would not recommend this mousse .
 This lotion smells great in the bottle . However after applying it , within only a few minutes it loses the great coconut smell and takes on a very funky odor.I bought this for my wife for X-mas . We both love the smell of a good coconut lotion . However she seemingly has n't used it and when I finally asked why , she told me about the smell . Sure enough , we tried it on a few other volunteers and everyone said the same thing.This lotion is light , and does n't feel greasy after applying it - so it has that going for it . For all I know it may be the best lotion in the whole world , it may have the power to end wars and cure cancer . But I 'll never really know for sure , because there is no way we 're using this odd smelling product .
 I wanted to like Mountain Ocean Skin Trip so badly . I use organic coconut oil all the time as a shave oil , for smoothing my hair , and on chapped lips . It 's great , so I thought that Skin Trip would basically be that experience in lotion form.The lotion is nice as far as moisturizing properties , the texture is good , and it absorbs in to my skin quite well but the added fragrance is overpowering , sickeningly sweet , and just unnecessary . I ca n't smell like a Baskin Robbins all day , it 's just too migraine-inducing . Someone call me when they make a perfume-free version . It would be different if this literally smelled like coconut - it is after all one of the main ingredients , but it has been heavily scented . I somehow doubt that this is an ` original ' formula , especially given the silicones etc on the ingredient list . Do n't be fooled by the cute hippie-style labeling , there 's not very much that is ` natural ' about this product .
 I received my order quickly . Customer service was fine . However , within two days , all three bottles of lotion I bought were spoiled . Smelled sour , thick and lumpy . I am in contact with both Web Vitamins and Mountain Ocean to try and figure out whether it was a bad batch or possibly stored in too-hot an area . Needless to say , I do not have my lotion . It will be solved soon , but I want my lotion !!
 I have been looking for the perfect coconut lotion for a while and decided to give this one a try after reading some of of the reviews . Sadly , the smell was just too offensive for me and I had to immediately wash it off . It does not smell `` coconutty '' - or fruity , it just has a very strong and overpowering unnatural and offensive scent . Sorry ...
 I ordered this item as a Christmas gift for my husband . After he opened it , I was able to see that the bottle was not as pictured . The silver sleeve that should have been on the top of the bottle was missing . Also the cologne has a weaker scent than the after shave he already had when it should have a stronger scent . I would not order this product from this vendor again .
 I have used British Sterling cologne for many years . This is not the real thing . It is a thinned out , cheap rip-off of a very good product . There is a label underneath the bottle stating it is `` made in China with Fragrance oil made in USA '' . Even the cap came apart after opening it a few times .
 Upon receipt of this product it was readily evident that it bore little similarity to the British Sterling cologne that I 've used for 40 years . What I got was a different color and the fragrance was diluted . The packaging looked cheap and the bottle was erroneously labeled -LRB- on the bottom -RRB- as a spray when what I had was a splash-on . When I contacted the vendor , I was referred to the manufacturer , Dana -LRB- note that the `` Item being reviewed '' says `` by Mem '' -RRB- and I have n't received a response from my two-week old inquiry to Dana . I would urge anybody tempted to purchase British Sterling cologne to avoid doing so until absolutely assured that the product you 're ordering is equal to the quality standards you 're expecting . My experience has been 100 % UNSATISFACTORY .
 RIP OFF Alert ! Received four 5.7 oz bottles for Christmas . Just opened the first only to find something nowhere close to the British Sterling Cologne I 've used for over forty years . What I found is a nauseating , putrid piss yellow liquid that I would never touch bare handed much less put on my face . This is NOT the British Sterling any longtime user is expecting . It should be criminal for Amazon to allow this seller online . Where do I file a formal complaint ? No return allowed since I did n't find the fraud until after 30 days .
 Let 's be clear that my complaint is NOT with this vendor , but rather the product itself . I have used BS aftershave for years , and this just does not smell the same . Way too sweet and reminds me of cheap colognes . Has a hint of the old Canoe fragrance , which I stopped liking years ago . Unfortunately , this is not an imitation , but the real thing that just seems different . Was glad to see others comments as I thought I was losing my mind . Have to wait for recycling day , as I would n't throw this product down the drain ; might kill Carp !
 Do n't know if this is a fake or not but it 's virtually worthless as a cologne . My husband used this scent for years and we all loved it . This is the first time I have purchased it in a long time . Do n't know if it has changed or not , but will not buy it again .
 I thought I was ordering the Original British Sterling Colonge not the Splash . No where in the picture or description did it say Splash . Had already tried the Splash and did not like it . So was very disappointed when the order came and it was the Splash . And of course there is no return on this type of purchase . Would not have purchased .
 As a professional makeup artist I thought all train cases are created equal ! Boy was I wrong ! This case looks great and price is good , but when it arrived it was very flimsy and poorly made the top of it was missing a piece of plastic so the inside was visible when closedDo n't get this case ...
 To be fair , the case is nice looking and very functional ; the large trays offer good organizing capacity and there is ample roomy-ness in the compartment below . In the context of its affordability , the one thing that did not satisfy me is the design of the trays and how they connect to the case parts that open every time you use it . Specifically , the hinge construction of the trays seems weak and of lower quality and in addition the trays rub against one another every time you open up the case . This suggested that while the case looks sturdy , the trays may not last as long - I 'd prefer that the trays open up manually to prevent the undue wear ! In deciding whether to keep it I tried to play up its virtues , but in the end I concluded that my money would be better invested in a different product .
 I opened and closed the case once . The second time I tried , one side did not even open at all . It was stuck ! The trays are not flat , but tilt backward . Very poorly made . I am returning !
 This is a very basic and simple design . It does what I needed it to do , hold makeup . Though I wish I would have looked around more . I think it 's over priced for the quality .
 This is n't as vibrant red as it appears in the picture . It 's actually orangish red . I was pretty bummed about it because I had a gift card and could 've used it on something else but at least I have a nice orange-red color now , I guess .
 This brand was recomended to me as being really high quality . My biggest complaint is that I can buy really chep polish that stays on longer then this . It doesnt just wear off or chip within a few days large peices just start to peel away . I tried top coats , base coats , stuff to make it adhere better and combinations of the 3 additonal items and nother helps . Cheap polish works great and i dont know why I decided I wanted to spend more money on a differant brand when simply put , cheap polish works , looks good and has more color varites . Im defanatly not purchaseing this again .
 I would return this but it 's been too long . I almost immediately went back to my old dryer after a couple of times . I have since found another dryer on Amazon that I just received and it 's doing a wonderful job .
 I did research before purchasing and I am very disappointed . Wish I had saved the packaging so I can return . Not hot enough for my fine hair that needs a decent amount of heat to hold any kind of style . My last Revlon dryer that I spend less than $ 30 on was better than this . After about 6 years it stopped working . I decided to invest in a professional dryer because friends had raved what a difference it makes and that it 's worth the investment . I believe them , this is just not the dryer that backs up that statement .
 i had bought this fragrance because i owned the candle . i had always said , '' i wish they would make a fragrance from this scent ! '' so when i found out it existed , i bought it . mistake . the odor is SUPER sweet , very different from the candle . when you spray it on , it 's overwhelming . then in a short period of time , the scent completely disappears . i totally wasted my money on this especially buying it from the vendor i did . their shipping was very expensive considering the price of the fragrance itself , and then size and weight of the bottle , but i only found 2 vendors online that carried this , so i had no choice .
 i purchased this product because it said Cocoa Tamarind but those were just 2 of several ingredients all of which were overpowered by a too-sweetvanilla scent . it was too sweet for me so i gave it away . not a bad smell but when you want cocoa tamarind it 's just plain false advertising .
 This was not what I expected . I expected to smell more of the Cocoa but this was not the case at least for me . Too bad I could n't wait to get it : - -LRB-
 I 've been searching for a mascara ever since the one I was using was discontinued . This one was almost good . The wand is a great shape , and the mascara went on smoothly . It did n't make my eyes itch-which is good , as many cosmetics make my eyes itch . The only problem was that the mascara did n't stay put . It would smear or flake at the slightest touch . I could correct the raccoon eyes quickly , as the mascara is n't waterproof-but it was n't worth the hassle and worry .
 This mascara is so watery and smudge-prone , it seems as if it never fully dries . 90 % of the time , I have to correct stray marks after putting it on , even if I 'm oh-so-careful not to blink , and have sometimes had to wash my face and start from scratch because of out-of-control smudging . Forget about even touching your eye for the rest of the day - it 'll smudge even 8 hours after application . And it still causes my lashes to stick together .
 I have to apply it about 5 times before i see normal result . I would describe it as very `` liquidy '' .
 Maybe I chose the wrong color , but this is the same as nothing . If you choose to purchase this , choose something darker .
 I would really take heed when considering buying the silver shatter . I already own the black and white shatter and expected it to perform the same way . It just does n't shatter they way my others do . It ends up looking like a crappy painting job . I am really suprised b/c this is the first time i have ever been unhappy with OPI . I buy all of my nail products exclusively with them .
 I love O.P.I nail polish -LRB- shatter and regular -RRB- ! However , this product did not behave like the normal shatter nail polish does . I was very disappointed .
 When OPI came out with another color if the crackel I was thrilled . The Black crakel was awesome and I always had people asking about it . I have tried the silver twice and it just does not work as well . The colors and effect is not as eye catching and it really does not look right . I would not recommend it .
 I was not impressed with this product , when comparing it to China glaze shattered nail polish it is much better than OPI . Once i put the other one on it cracked immediately . OPI did crack but was barely noticeable .
 great & fast service have other crackle nail polishes love them !!! This silver crackle polish only looks good with black underneath : -LRB-
 Good for one day only.And OPI test this product on animals . Not good at all . Poor animals ... So never again .
 I purchased this color because I thought it was beautiful . When I received my product -LRB- ordered from Nail Polish and More -RRB- I noticed that the color was a bit more blue than I thought it would be . After using it a few more times I noticed that it chipped much easier than any of my other OPI polishes . I used the color again and it came out as a dark teal , much different than the blue it was the first time I used it . After researching I found that there are many companies that sell knock-offs and I believe that I received one . For one thing there was no serial number -LRB- which they claim they remove by request of OPI -RRB- . Furthermore there was only one metallic ball instead of the usual two that opi uses . The color and consistency was incorrect and I was very unsatisfied for my product . I can not speak for other companies selling this product but the bottle I received from Nail Polish and More was a fake and when I complained they were extremely rude and told me to never buy from them again . Trust me I wo n't .
 I feel deceived , i thought i was getting a good deal ! i seen the pic and assumed i was getting the case of 8 ! instead i payed more for one of them then i would have at any store !!!! very unsatisfied !!!!
 Waste of my money !!!! first it took longer than usual to ship than when i got it the nail polish seemed used when i order new because the top was dried out already on top of that it would n't shatter i thought maybe i applied it wrong but i tried the black shatter n it worked perfectly i 've used the black shatter before never a problem but this one seemed water downed nail polish .
 When I read the reviews on this perfume I thought I would try it . What a mistake ! It is over powering and gives you one heck of a headache . I even tried to give it to my best friend and she said TRASH IT ! It really is that bad . I will stick with Burberry .
 I really like Alien and Angel from Thierry Mugler but this sampler bombed . The products were not what I had expected from this line . Also , I was disappointed that when I recieved the package , one of the bottles was already empty .
 `` Dear Sir , I have been using the Polo Ralph product over 7 years and this is the first time I purchase it from Amazon.I received the product at my address - everything seemed to be fine , but when I used the perfume I noticed that the contents / the product itself is definitely not `` Polo FOR MEN by Ralph Lauren '' as I 've known for several years.I have always heard that Amazon is a very serious company and I do n't want to believe that I Amazon send me a fake product.The product is available to be picked up at the delivery address.I would appreciate your response.Best regardsPatrick Mosseri . ''
 I am sorry to say what I ordered was either a bad batch or just not what i thought it was . I was very upset because this was a Christmas Present . Perfume Emporium as nasty as I was to them when I was mad , initiated a FULL REFUND and the item hasnt even been picked up yet !! Now thats customer service !! I recommend Perfume Emporium , but I dont recommend the product I ordered . It stunk to high heavens !! LOLOLOL They do stand behind their products . And Im very pleased I will have my money back in just a couple days on my credit card . Thanks Perfume Emporium . I really appreciate your patience with me and my nasty attitude . LOLOLOL
 smelly like old product , the color is not the same the one that I had is by TreviveNOT GOOD
 Unfortunately , this eyeliner is neither waterproof nor long-lasting . It has smudged 1 hour after applying and the black shade I 've bought was n't deep at all , it was gray . In general , I love Lancome , but this product is very disappointing and does n't worth that quite high price ! The only benefit is that it seems to be hypoallergenic . I would not recommend it ...
 For the price I paid , I was very disappointed in this eyeliner . It does not go on dark , and it faded from my eyes within an hour or so . I bought it in black , and the color came out looking gray because the color pigments your skin so lightly . I 've had better luck with much cheaper drugstore brands .
 It does n't fix that much , and what else do you want from a eyeliner ?? If is it a Lancome , then , I 'm surprised with the low quality ...
 I am disappointed with this liner . It worked for about a week and stopped working . I barely got any product for the price . I do n't know if it was defective but I wo n't be spending money on the product not to mention the shipping cost was high as well .
 My hairstylist told me about this brush as she was always using it to style my hair . I have blonde hair and live in FL and my hair always seems frizzy to me . I ordered this online and it was going to take almost 2 weeks to get to me so I also went to a beauty supply store and bought one for $ 6 ! Today I use the one for $ 6 more than I use the Marilyn brush that cost me an arm and a leg ! May work great for some ... but was n't worth it to me !
 POEME By Lancome For Women EAU DE PARFUM SPRAY 3.4 OZ . MUST BE WATER AND FOOD COLORING . NO SCENT . IF I HAD KNOWN THIS I WOULD N'T HAVE OPENED THE BOX . ONCE YOU OPEN THE BOX YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO RETURN THE PRODUCT . HOW WAS I SUPPOSE TO KNOW IT WAS N'T THE REAL THING WITHOUT OPENING THE BOX ?
 It smelled like it had been sitting around for a long time , definitely not how I remember it should smell . I will throw this one away .
 The product -LRB- foundation -RRB- was defective -LRB- I have used this before -RRB- and the supplier , American Beauty would not give me refund because they said it was opened -LRB- how are you supposed to tell if it is defective without using it ??? -RRB- Then they told me I should have known it was defective because there was makeup on the bottle -LRB- which there was n't when I sent it back . -RRB- Even after arguing how illogical these statements were , they then deleted the email address so they could n't take my emails anymore . Watch out if you want to return something to American Beauty !!!!! Thankfully Amazon returned my money with their A to Z guarantee . Thank you Amazon : -RRB-
 i purchased this item from ths site and it was completely old and dried out . the liner fell out of applicator . . will only buy directly from clinique for this product
 This cracks , peels , and when I try to apply more to cover up the cracky peely parts , it ends up looking like I 'm painting over cracked plaster . I threw it away because it just does n't look good and does n't last in a smooth finish . Trying to take off the parts that remain is horrific ; I could use sandpaper to get it off and still have a rough time . It is strange that it lasts in some places on my lips and not others , and gets a cracked finish even with frequent applications of the gloss that comes with it . I wont buy this product again .
 I have a hard time keeping polish on my fingernails . I have tried several different types of base and top coats and thought since this one is an OPI it would be great . I have used it a couple different times with different brands of polish and the polish chips off much faster than the others .
 This nail polish is not shiny and it drys sticky . Worst OPI etter yet wort nail polish ever . I think $ 1.00 Wet n Wild may be better !!! You guys should stop selling it .
 I worn this perfume in the past , purchased from dept store . This product caused a rash on my neck . I tested it twice to verify . Very dissatisfied with the quality , smells like an impostor .
 just a bad scent , not at all what I imagined from description , smells exactly like the chemical ladden perfume counter in the department store .
 I will say that the idea of this was cool ! However , if you 're looking for a quality brush and you like your hair to lay down or wave up this IS NOT the brush for you.The firm side is like trying to brush your hair with those steel street sweep brushes . The bristles are way too close together allowing the brush to collect dandruff dry skin and hair way too easily . If you have waves you know exactly what i mean . Without any exaggeration this brush could be used to clean grime off of tiles and grout . The soft side is way too soft . it 's absolutely useless even for facial hair . It may be too soft for a infants head.PROS : conceptno handleCons : Firm side is extremely rough -LRB- feels like it 's drawing blood -RRB- ! soft side is terribly soft , uselessbristles are too close , allows a build up of hair , grease , dirt , etc. . .
 With hair shaved close to the head , the soft side of this works fine - although the bristles fall out pretty easily . The rough side , as reviewed here , would make this better for cleaning bathroom fixtures . Since this is a three pack , that idea works out pretty well . I would get a more durable piece , if they were n't so expensive .
 Great product ... she liked it . . lol ... but i received mine damaged , and no one wanted to take responsibilty ... so its getting a low rating . .
 I have bought this brand before , but this was a disappointment . The soap did not really bubble up and you better rinse off thoroughly in the shower afterwards because you itch bad . Wo n't buy this one again .
 These sponges are small , too firm and feel like a synthetic rubber on the skin . What ever happened to the similar sponges that were slightly larger -LRB- some say the kind that crumble -RRB- and feel more natural . They used to carry them at Fred Meyer stores -LRB- about one year ago -RRB- and I ca n't seem to find them anywhere . Suggestions ?
 I purchased this and it did not work at all . I tried to return it and the company I purchased it from would not allow me to . Be careful who you buy this from . I would suggest buying it at the store to make sure it works so you can return if it does not .
 The nail polish is way too gooey and sparkly and is very difficult to get off your toes with polish remover . In fact , it 's still stuck on my big toes . Green Web refuses to refund items that have been used . I had to use it once to gain this knowledge . So I would n't purchase anything from them if I were you .
 This does not come out as silver cracks as shown . It was a few broken black cracks that looked messed up when it was all said and done . I 'd like to get either my money back , or a replacement would be nice
 I thought it looked more silver so i got it and it looks more blue green . I buy OPI more than any other brand and when this one got to my door I just kept asking myself why ? do I buy polish from them that looks wrost than the $ 1 polish thats at every store .
 If this site had half a star thats what I would have gave them ! I cant belive how dumb I was thinking that it would look like this in the picture . It 's flat black with no kinda shine I do n't get it at all . I thought you get what you pay for so I bought it for $ 9 waited almost 2 weeks before it came in the mail.just for me to feel the mud on my face .
 I ordered 11 polishes from NailEtc , only received 5 in the parcel and the seller did n't mention anything about it . This one is one of the missings . I was so looking forward to this one , which made me soooooooooooooooo disappointed . But I got my refund at the end .
 What are prople raving about ??? this product sucks ! I applied it according to directions , and the final effect was nothing like `` shattered '' , more like `` streaky '' !! All my co-workers agree , they have bought it and think the product is horrible .
 I first tried the silver crackle polish and fell in love with it , so I had to try the white ! I chose a hot pink color for the base and waited for it to dry completely , I then applied the white crackle and waited for it to dry . It completely picked up on the pink and turned itself into a light pink color of its own . My finger nails looked like Valentine 's Day colors ! Needless to say , it was n't what I was expecting . I will keep trying it to see if I can find a good color combo , but so far , nothing looks that great with it .
 I do n't know what is in these bottles that I received , but it is not shatter polish . I purchased black and white shatter . Both polished on like white out . The result was not even close to how it was supposed to be . I have had crakle and shatter polish done before , so I know how it should look . I wasted my money on this . I would 've been better off going into a retail store to buy it . Can someone tell me what went wrong with this company ?? What is in these bottles that I have ?? It sure is n't shatter polish !!
 After opening a brand new bottle it instantly got clumpy . It feels and looks like white out . My husband thought it looked like an 8 year old painted my nails for me ... . simply awful !
 I loved the black shatter so much over my bright and light colors that I was so excited to have the white for my dark colors.But this white shatter is SUCH a disappointment . it does not shatter nearly as well as the black does , in fact it barely shatters at all , and on some of the colors it litterally does not stick to them and wipes right off . I wish I had known this before I spent 11 dollars on it in the store because I hate it . it makes me scared to try any of the other colors besides the black .
 I own a black shatter by Sinful Colors . They were out of the white or I would have bought it . I did a multi colors bright pattern and then painted over with shatter and LOVED it . So I thought a pastel pattern with a white shatter would give a more subtle springtime effect . So I decided to go with an OPI because I 've heard such great things ... WRONG !! This polish is so see thru that I can see all the edges of the patterns underneath and it barely even shattered , mostly it looks like long streaky lines down my nail . So disappointed . Never buying shatter from OPI again . Guess I should have saved my money and waited for the Sinful Colors version .
 I used a white shatter for the first few times and it came out gorgeous . But after about four times I used it , It started to get into clumps . i used it the most i could , but soon the whole thing became a large clump like a wet foundasion applier . It was IMPOSSIBLE to get anything out .
 Beautiful color in the bottle . Really looking forward to receiving . Very transparent , even with two coats ! Oh well . Still going to keep it . May use it as top coat for other polishes .
 Everywhere I go I have somebody complimenting my nails , and asking me about them , telling me how much they like them . It 's a must have for any nail polish collection , I 'm going to be purchasing the shatter in silver ASAP so I can wear it with dark shades too ! Best part ? even if you have trouble with the painting your right hand , it does n't matter with this stuff because it 's not supposed to be perfect , and touch ups are hardly noticeable ! ** UPDATE ** 12/31/11For some reason the polish is all goopey and gross already . It is very difficult to use , and I 'm not really happy about it ... do n't really understand what happened ... ** UPDATE ** 2/11/12It 's so thick and goopey that It 's completely un-usable . even if i am able to get it smoothly across my nail , it no longer will `` evaporate '' -LRB- or however it works to create the `` shattered '' look -RRB- . I 'm really disappointed .
 I love OPI products - but their Shatter ... . not so much . The nail polish is clumpy and does n't give you the desired effect . I think if it was watered down a bit it would dry nicer and apply easier . I have used a few other Shatters by different brands and have found that I prefer them over OPI , which is a first .
 I was very disappointed with the OPI White Shatter nail polish . The polish did not `` shatter '' as the other polishes I have purchased from the OPI line did . It just created a one line streak for some reason . I 'm not pleased at all .
 It came out really cool after I learned to apply it , but after a month , the nail polish dried up inside the bottle . I was n't storing it in an unusual manner and I never left the top unsealed , so I do n't know why this would happen . Maybe mine was defective , but the few uses I got out of it were not worth the price . I 'm surprised this has n't happened to more people . I love OPI , but the Katy Perry crackle line did n't cut it . I blame her .
 I bought this item in store because I was looking for a black shatter and could not wait for it to be shipped . I 'm not a nail polish expert but I can tell the difference between high and low quality nail polish ... if someone had given this bottle to me and covered the brand name I would have assumed it was a dollar store quality shatter . I was very disappointed because I know OPI is a great brand , but it will be the last time I buy their Shatter.I own some China Glaze crackle and love it , it goes on thick and gives a nice cracked effect . It was not the case with OPI . Upon applying , it went on like regular nail polish -LRB- actually more like bad quality polish , very very thin -RRB- and was not very dark . Honestly I did n't like this shatter pattern at all.I read the reviews and thought maybe I was being too harsh and tried it again , this time applying it thicker in hopes that I would be proven wrong . It was worse , it would n't go on evenly and sections with thicker polish would n't even shatter -LRB- figures -RRB- . In my opinion , this stuff sucks ... go with China Glaze if you can .
 ok so i got the black shatter -LRB- $ 10 freakin ' bucks -RRB- and it lasted for about 2 months . It was my favorite nail polish to use ! i used it all the time . after a few months . it became extremely thick and chunky . now about 4 months after having it , it has completely shattered itself IN THE BOTTLE ! I LEGIT CA N'T EVEN OPEN IT BECAUSE IT SHATTERED ON THE LIL TWISTY OPEN . ITS AWFUL . buuuuutttttttt on the other hand , i have the red and silver shatters and they are great , but the red is a lil shear and pretty much only shows up on white and even then it comes out more pink than red . other than that tho i love the shatters EXCEPT the black . do n't get the black . spend your money on another shatter colorps
 I purchased this item on in the middle of April . A month later , I noticed that the polish was getting very thick . I read other reviewers stating the same thing , but hey it still worked . It just made for bigger crackles on my nails . Well yesterday I opened my bottle to use it only to discover that it is now a solid black glob inside the bottle . I only used this stuff a few times , so how could it possibly become a solid block ? I have never had a nail polish do this before ! And OPI is held in such high regards as to quality . I am now leery about buying anymore OPI products . I have other crackle products , mostly by China Glaze , and they have never even begun to get thick . Maybe I had a bad batch .
 Polish color looks like mermaid vomit . Its not silver at all , like a green-ish purple and it is n't opaque . I have put on two coats and I can still see through it . No thanks .
 The polish itself is great . Opi is great . But what I got was a used nail polish already opened ... and with dried nail polish leaking out . I was n't aware I was buying a used product .
 I 've waited almost 6 months for this and finally got my hands on a bottle yesterday , I am sadly disappointed . I let the base polish dry completely and then put this on , unless something I am doing is wrong , it looks like a chalkboard and just BLAH .
 I loved this when I first got it . After the first use it became super thick inside the bottle and started to shatter itself around the opening . I added some acetone to it , which I do to all of my nail polishes when they thicken up and hoped it did n't have an affect on the `` shatter '' . It did n't . In fact it worked better than the first time I used it . I ended up getting other colors by different brands , including OPI for Sephora in a metallic silver -LRB- which I havent had a single issue with since I got it July ' 11 -RRB- , but after a few weeks , I noticed that this black polish completely dried out inside the bottle . It even separated itself from the bottle so all that was left was a little ball of dried nail polish that no amount of acetone could save . Judging by the other comments , it was not the acetone that did this but the polish itself . I do n't usually spend this much on nail polish and have found cheaper alternatives since then . I strongly suggest going to CVS or something and buying their $ 7 crackle , which also works great along with the OPI for Sephora line .
 The color arrived and it looks nothing like the pic . The color is a pretty color , but it looks more of a reddish , then purple like the photo . And plus it has glitter in it .
 SO I RECIEVED THIS NAVY POLISH EXCEPT FOR WHEN I WEAR IT IT 'S BLACK . THANKS !!! I PURCHASED SEVERAL MORE AT THE THE SAME TIME AND I HAVE HAD PROBLEMS WITH TWO OUT OF THE FIVE OR SIX THAT I HAVE PURCHASED THUS FAR .
 Am I the only one who got a crappy one ? If I knew any better I 'd think it was a fake.I have tried it all . Many brands , super thin coats , super thick coats , and nails that have tried for a day . It ALWAYS looks like a little kid tried painting my nail black , crappy . The one time I had `` semi-luck '' it BARELY crackled and I would have been better off just wearing black polish.I do n't get it . What 's wrong with it ? Giving this away to someone who might have better luck.Oh and I have had $ 0.50 nail polishes that have n't gotten as lumpy as this one.REALLY , OPI , REALLY ?
 Well i ordered the silver polish and got the red . I very much dislike the red and now im very sad that i didnt get waht i bought . oh well i just wish i hadnt used it so i could return it . also the red is very thin and should only be used over and color
 I was expecting a very bright blue . Instead , when painted on nails , it looks mostly like a clear -LRB- with some shades of blue -RRB- nail polish . I 'm disappointed . With the shatter nail polish on top , you ca n't even tell that it 's blue nail polish under it .
 I bought this the very first time i used it i noticed it was very thick and resulted in it not want to `` crack '' right so was leaving big black globs not sure what happened it just started clumping up i wouldnt by op again not for crackle at least
 I bought this color for my nieces , but I had to take it off , put a base color on , and then put this color on . There is no blue base color , just the blue glitter which does n't look all that great on nails , as it does in the bottle .
 I had really high expectations for this and was really excited when I received it in the mail . I had seen tons of reviews , both text and video and they were all positive . But when I first tried it on I was really disappointed . First it has a weird consistency and is quite lumpy . So it does not go on smoothly AT ALL . And it dries weird too . It looks and feels like you have tacky tar on your fingernails . As for the `` shatter '' it just look like someone painted black gook onto my fingernails and then dragged a toothpick through the substance to give it `` crackles '' . It makes my nails look horrible and really cheap and honestly kind of like white trash . It is absolutely nothing like you see on videos . And you have to put a top coat on or it looks chalky and will probably flake off within the first 5 minutes of wearing it . I was so disappointed and honestly I want my money back !
 OPI is generally thought of as one of the best polish brands available , but the white ` Shatter ' looks like absolute trash ! It looks like peeling white-out . Seriously - that is EXACTLY what it looks like . Imagine painting a thin layer of white-out over your favorite color and then having it peel . It even has a sickening smell.I tried applying it very lightly , heavily , vertically , horizontally ; you name it
 Some good features of this product are the high-quality brushes and a structured system , but honestly when I first saw Lauren Hutton 's commercial I expected -LRB- as they say -RRB- that this product would really make a difference with normal makeup and that it would really look natural at any age ... in reality I do n't find it adequate for a young adult skin . I also found that some of the colors in the disc are not so necessary.On the other hand , and although I bought this product thinking on the simplicity of the `` few-steps '' system , its protocol is yet time consuming ; you must learn to match each color with a part of your face , otherwise you will have to look daily at the instructions that come aside if you want to know how to use it .
 Although RAMY goes on smooth , it is over rated - for $ 24 I expected more and wo n't buy again
 Before I explain my one-star rating , allow me to share some background :1 -RRB- I have extremely fair skin ; I use SPF45 -LRB- waterproof & sweatproof -RRB- year-round , and I still get sunburned now and then , even with all my precautions . -LRB- The pic in my Amazon profile is the closest I will ever get to a tan . -RRB- 2 -RRB- For the most part , I have always had good skin , until I had my first child -- I 've had more outbreaks in the past three years , than all my teen years combined . My acne is definitely at the mercy of my post-pregnancy hormones .3 -RRB- My main problem is blackheads -LRB- which I usually just use Biore strips for -RRB- , and I 've never had to deal with some of the more extreme problems you see in dermatologist commercials .4 -RRB- I am only allergic to latex -LRB- i.e. balloons , gloves , etc. -RRB- ; I have no other allergies . I am not allergic to any of the ingredients listed on the product ; I have used similar products in the past with no problems.I used this product for the first time last night . I read the directions-for-use very carefully , and followed them precisely . I was not using anything else ; I did n't scrub my face . Again , I followed the instructions to the tiniest detail.First I washed with the cleanser ; I did n't feel anything , and I did n't see any changes to my skin -LRB- I did n't expect any immediate results -RRB- . I used the toner next ; it smelled great , but I noticed a tingling sensation in my skin ... still no cause for alarm.However , after I used the lotion -LRB- and I used a tiny amount for a `` thin '' layer just as the directions instructed -RRB- , my face felt like it was on fire ! I tried to rinse the stuff off with plain water , and I was left looking like a chemical-burn victim ... it 's drastic.I have absolutely no idea why that happened , but I will not be using this product ever again . Maybe it would work for some people , but at this point , I would not recommend it for anyone else with fair skin . I gave it one-star because this morning my face still looks like it 's been burned . I feel much safer using natural products likeBurt 's Bees Natural Remedy Kit .
 For being such a burly lumberjack of a man , I have very delicate skin . I figured some organic face wash would be cool for my skin . This was n't it . I used it once , just as the directions stated , and my entire face was an enormous red blotch . I had to take benadryl to get rid of it . If you 've got sensitive skin , skip this stuff .
 After using the product for more than 6 weeks i have this to say : a. Claims by the manufacturer :1 . Clear skin in six -LRB- 6 -RRB- weeks .2 . Clear up existing blemishes .3 . Enable the skin to heal .4 . Help prevent new acne from developing.b . My expectations : Based on the above claims , I expected that by the end of six -LRB- 6 -RRB- weeks , my face would be totally free of acne , smooth and in the process of clearing up the spots left there in the past by healed acne-heads.c . What I got :3 rd - 4th day
