 Good size but the most primitive pruning.I would have preferred that they had n't pruned it at all and just left it for me to do . Really bad job for a bonsai .
 The tree was well packaged and came quickly , but was dead . I would have liked some written instructions about the tree rather than a recommendation to call the seller . I was also not sure whether the tree was dormant and was perhaps supposed to look the way it does -LRB- in December . -RRB- I 'm still hoping it may revive , so I 'm hanging on to it . It was intended as a gift to celebrate a marriage , but I could n't give a dead looking tree in that circumstance .
 The tree is very ugly ... was not cut in away to look like a little tree . . the tree is huge which is nice but has a very very ugly top . . looks like some one potted a bush . . Cheap to buy but nothing like a bonsai . Looks like my 4 year old made this . Sad this was a present . : -LRB-
 Soooooo upset by this order . Ordered this as a christmas gift for my brother-in-law who LOVES the redwoods . When it arrived , it was deader than dead . It was the saddest looking stump I have ever seen in my life . Charlie Brown 's Christmas Tree looks lush and full by comparison . Never have I been so upset by a purchase through Amazon .
 I recieved this product from lou 's bonsai and it was such a disapointment . First off when opening the box the pot was in pieces . I can understand that this happens , but the plant was in horrible condition . It looked like nothing in the picture . I understand that this was not the same tree but it was apparent that the grower just lopped off the top of the tree and grew it like a plant . It looks horrible . My roommate was against me displaying it in our living room because of the crappy look it has . I was so disapointed I am an avid collector of bonsai trees and it will take years for this bush to look like a tree again . I contacted lou who told me he was going to reship but that never happened . DO NOT BUY FROM LOU 'S BONSAI . They totally ruined everything about this transaction
 The tree was well packaged and came watered . I will say it was younger then what the picture showed . * updatI unpacked it and put in indirect sunlight and watered as suggested . All was going well but three weeks later it was dead.Tree traveled from across the country and I am not sure how long it was in the box as it was a gift . But I will say I am not sure this was a factor.Amazon wise I have one good tree still going and one dead tree ... * update * Well now . I did n't dispose of the tree and found a new limb sprout . Will update as I try to recover this tree .
 Tree is totally brown and appears dead ... trimmed quite funky . I can only hope it may sprout something in the spring .
 horrific ! It looked like they had just found a twig and loped off the top ! And that was just for starters . It was sent in the middle of winter -LRB- a Christmas gift from my mom and dad I might add -RRB- But it was still had n't droped it 's leaves . It was poorly potted , like they were going for a root over rock style with out the rock.the top was cut off and it had 2 leading shoots . Needeles to say it it held on to it 's needles all winter and never really went through a dormant peroied . It finaly droped it 's dry as bones leaves near the end of winter but then spring came and it strugled and tried to bud out but failed and is dead very dead ... I checked . This was the worst attempt at a bonsai I have ever seen , for this type of tree I could not think of a worse specimen then the one this company -LRB- and I use the term companay loosly -RRB- sent me . Stay away form this company ! If could give a less then one star rating I would !!!
 The tree itself was n't as pictured , and the pot it arrived in was cracked . The company is working with us , but it 's a slow process .
 I just received my redwood bonsai . I did n't expect it to be in the greatest condition but this was extreme . Not 1 leaf on it ! Sure I can send it back but I would like to speak to someone about it . Will it get leaves ? It 's always a hassle sending items back .
 just like the review that i had read , came with the base wrapped securely , but that wont make up for the top being chopped off or the fact that almost all the branches were dead & the one leaf on it fell off before I could set it on my table . I am so disappointed . I dont know who to contact about this scrawny little tree
 This bonzai arrived without a single needle on it , with an atrocious pruning job . I am definitely returning this tree .
 not sure what to say just yet . the tree was n't what i had expected it looked like they put a stick in the pot hacked it a little and sent it on its way . after 4 days the leaves all turned brown and limp . i am hopeing it is just a phase but i will wait it out and see . i have ordered many trees on amazon and all were great i just hope this one turns aroun
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 My bald cyprus tree forest order arrived dead and bare . It was a group of 9 dead sticks . I am in the process of returning for refund .
 I was horrified when our contractor installed this -LRB- and the tub spout -RRB- and I realized the top and bottom pieces of the slide bar , and the slider , and the entire tub spout were PLASTIC -LRB- in the oil-rubbed bronze finish - I do n't know if the same is true of the other finishes -RRB- . Not only that , but a single screw mounts each end of the bar and ours was very wobbly . I could n't live with it and we 've replaced it with Moen -LRB- all metal -RRB- .
 I bought this item a year ago and installed when we remodeled our bathroom . It looks great and has worked great until about a month ago when the bar attachment came apart which quickly led to the entire bar falling off the wall . We now have to replace it as the enclosure is not repairable . Also wanted to note that this item was used lightly and was not something that was used on a daily basis . For the $ $ , feel like it should have lasted longer than 11 months of light use .
 I 'm shocked at the quality of these . My house had them in it when I moved in , and they were jacked , so I needed replacements right away so I could shower . They are shockingly expensive . But , I would be fine with that if the craftsmanship was superior . It 's not at all . It 's a 50/50 % mixture of metal and plastic . The hinge that holds the wand and let 's you title the wand up and down is plastic . It feels so flimsy I try to avoid using it at all , and warn guests about it . The wand has fewer spray options than you 're average $ 50 wand . I just do n't understand this . I will definitely be focusing on quality construction the next time I have to replace these .
 Yes , no cables . Also , contents described on cover/inventory do not match what is provided.For the record im currently stranded with a dead battery , so you bet im salty .
 As other reviewers have said , the description and pictures are misleading ! Unfortunately for me , these reviews did n't go up until after I put in my order ! I am very upset . This is the first time I 've ever bought something from Amazon and been so misled . And for those that may not have read the other reviews , there is no hand chargeable flashlight or waterproof matches . Matches were replaced by ONE candle due to alleged shipping restrictions . How am I supposed light any of the candles WITHOUT matches ?! Also , it is now a 65-piece kit . I do n't know how it compares to the 63-piece kit , but I doubt the 2 extra pieces are anything more significant than bandages . One final thing is that there is a August 2010 expiration date listed on the front of the bag . I have n't checked to see which item expires , but it probably refers to a minor first aid item .
 I got one of the other AAA kit 's and figured that the severe weather one would be a good addition considering I live in Chicago and every so often we have severe weather . I read the reviews and people raved about the little shovel ... ummm why ? Either I did n't get the same one they did or I got a defective one because I could n't use it . Three people could n't use it . I actually threw it out it was that much of a waste -LRB- the shovel not the kit -RRB- . Any of the other AAA car kits are just as good and have everything if not more that this one does .
 I live in Alaska and this is n't what I expected . The flashlight - no , the emergency candles are just tealights - come on I expected EMERGENCY candles , the first aid kit is a couple of wipes , a small role of tape and some bandaids - ok for a paper cut , the shovel is nice but not much good for anything more than planting a rose bush - we have feet of snow it will take hours to dig out with this . Need I go on . Not worth the money I spent for sure . I would not waste my time with this one .
 Kit consists mostly ofbandaids in a zipper pouch . Other items seem to be mostly made of cheap plastic , except shovel .
 I bought these gloves for my job seeing that they are for Fire and rescue , well These gloves are not NFPA appoved , not BBP resistant , and are not for fire fighting . I purchased an expensive gardening glove !! Save your money people ! This product needs a better description . Had I not read the tag when I opened the box this could have a dangerous outcome ! Thank you seller !
 I guess you get what you pay for . Used these only a few times on actual vehicle extrication and all the threads are coming out ... bad quality . Stay away .
 I received this product without any information on who to contact if anything was wrong . The pot was completely cracked & it appears as if 2 of the trees are close to dying . The plant is currently dormant for the winter , so who knows what will happen in the spring , however I know the pot wo n't be fixed ! I 'm disappointed with the lack of customer service & the product for the price I paid .
 `` We have been involved with this product and the manufacturer , Southwest Windpower , from the mid 90 's . Initially the manufacturer -LRB- Southwest Windpower -RRB- had pottedregulators inside the nifty cast aluminum housing on their 303 wind-machines . After installation the machine ran great -LRB- except for the unbelievable noisefrom the blades -RRB- for about 2 weeks until the uncooled regulator overheated andself destructed . We were living off the grid in a very remote part of Samoa at the time and literally depended on the output from our wind turbines and solarpanels . We had a lot of experience with older types of permanent magnet windgenerators and spruce -LRB- wood -RRB- blades . Our older Redwing generators never gave usany trouble except for the necessity to periodically replace the brushes . Southwest Windpower was contacted after our early debacle and this was the beginning of many overseas phone calls and 99 email correspondence over 4 years , fightingwith them to stand behind their product and do some actual real world testingof their product . These people had a great idea but the bugs were not workedout and we were their unwitting test subjects . Jay Yaeger , Dave Snowberg , SeanHickey , Andy Cruz
 I 've used these tools for a home renovation . I 'm not a pro but here are my impressions after 1 year . The drill chuck has locked up irreparably and I can not get my 1/8 '' drill bit out of it . Hitachi support is nonexistent so I 'm getting nowhere . The reciprocating saw has a lot of trouble fitting in and removing the blades after a year of use . The quick release mechanism is useless and now I have to use a hex key to loosen and tighten.The batteries last pretty long , about as long as a small Dewalt 18v lithium ion at half the weight.The circular saw is okay , vastly underpowered compared to a plug in and burns through the battery in a few cuts.The light works well , the batteries charge quickly . It helps to have two batteries but that means you always have one in the charger , one in a tool . You really ca n't use more than one tool at a time or you 'll be dead in the water very soon.I should have gotten the dewalt.Update : Amazon would not honor the warranty on the tools but would allow a complete return for the purchase price . Which was less than they are selling for now . Thanks alot -LRB- sarcasm -RRB- . Also , they only warranty it for 5 years not the lifetime warranty Hitachi offers .
 i purchased a 12v hitachi impact a few years ago and i was very impressed . the impact is extremely durable and very reliable . i bought this combo kit expecting the same thing ... wrong ! the reciprocating saw lost the blade lock after a few uses and then the foot falls off of it . the light is junk and the drill is adequate . the circular saw does well and is probably the best performer in the kit . these tools are not built anywhere near the quality of my impact . it 's as if hitachi made a `` cheap '' bunch of tools to make a kit with . maybe the kit is fine with part time home owner work ... VERY part time . if you use these tools on a daily or even weekly basis ... try looking elsewhere
 Do n't buy this product it 's a toy ! In less than two months 3 pieces of this set our already wasted . They give you 2 batteries with the set . One can not take a charge any longer . The hammer drill will not stay in hammer mode any longer when using it the vibration kicks it out of hammer mode . The light quit working the second day I owned it . I 'm going back to De Walt . At least they last me between 18 - 24 months
 If you are using this for very `` light '' screwing applications , it works ... requiring very little force.If you put pressure on the screw , the `` bit '' collapses -LRB- the design is `` foldable '' which works to its disadvantage -RRB- , crushing back on your finger -LRB- and that really hurts -RRB- ... i have tested this enough -LRB- over a year -RRB- to write an unbiased review.The only advantage is that it has multiple bits - 3 Flat , 3 Phillips -- so you dont have to change the heads like you would have to when using a screwdriver kit . But the disadvantages -LRB- injury -RRB- are way over any advantage this tool offers .
 I purchased 15 of these locks , and every one of them are like toys . They easily bend and I have had to discard some because the locks quit working only after one or two uses .
 It worked well for several months . Then , one day , the lock cylinder pulledout still attached to the key . Its easy enough to stick back in , but youknow , it should n't really come out ! Anyhoo , not the sucker needs to bereplaced - I do n't know how secure it really is anymore .
 I bought two , thinking I might use another one elsewhere , but I ended up using the second after the first locking mechanism fell apart ; the key pulled the entire lock out . The screws that come with the lock strip easily , so make sure you drill a good pilot hole first , and tighten by hand .
 piece of ------ did not lock had to rig it and my demented husband could still get in through the door !!!!
 This security lock -LRB- National Hardware V806 Keyed Chain Door Lock , Brass -RRB- was broken before it arrived . The key was impossible to turn and I could pull out the security chain with mild pressure . It would have cost me more to return it than I paid for it so I just threw it away . Maybe something `` Made In USA '' next time ...
 I bought these gloves for my job seeing that they are for Fire and rescue , well These gloves are not NFPA appoved , not BBP resistant , and are not for fire fighting . I purchased an expensive gardening glove !! Save your money people ! This product needs a better description . Had I not read the tag when I opened the box this could have a dangerous outcome ! Thank you seller !
 I guess you get what you pay for . Used these only a few times on actual vehicle extrication and all the threads are coming out ... bad quality . Stay away .
 The AAA traveler road assistance kit is a waste -- of space , money , and materials . Luckily I bought this for $ 8 in a clearance bin at my local sporting goods store . If I had bought it for $ 33 I would have been outraged . The emergency supplies are the worst quality imaginable , the flashlight is pathetically weak , even the bag it comes in is n't very good quality . The only reason this kit deserves even one star is because you ca n't buy this kind of `` storage '' bag and a pair of jumper cables for less than the $ 8 I paid . Save your money , and piece the kit together yourself .
 Way below expectation . `` 63 '' piece ad is a deceiving trick . Bad . They count a single band aid as a piece to make the whole package a 63-piece item . It is like an illusion . I felt cheated .
 45 piece first aid kit , so is there 40 bandaids and that counts as a piece , you got ta be kidding me . I may just cancel my AAA membership after this pos .
 Was a nice gift but would have been nice to have had a tire pump
 Delivery of Product
 I am very disappointed in this item . The tree upon arrival was unhealthy with spotty leaves . The pot is not as pictured . Although I have followed instructions exactly as given , the tree died in a matter of weeks . Very sad . : -LRB-
 Despite the fact that I followed the on-screen instructions on how to care for the plant , it 's half dead after a couple weeks . Most of the leaves are dry and curled under . VERY DISAPPOINTING !!!
 Bought tree in November 2007 . Came in without leaves , looked dormanr because of winter . It is spring now -LRB- April 16 , 2008 -RRB- , tree was not dormant , IT WAS DEAD . Amazon refuses to do anything about this tree . They have collected my $ 28.99 and sold me a dead tree . Rating should be a negative 5 stars .
 Brussel 's Japanese Red Maple Outdoor Bonsai TreeAcer Palmatun Arakawa , as my tree is labeled , is Not A red Japanese maple , per sayRough bark maple . Desirable for bonsai because of it 's bark which develops a very interesting character with age . Grows well in a pot , or larger in the ground . Green leaves in summer turn a wonderful fall color of varying shades of red.Arakawa is grown for the bark rather than the foliage ; after two or three years , it starts to get thick and corky . The summer leaf color is green ; fall color is goldRough-Barked Cultivars used for bonsaiThese varieties have an aged , rough textured bark , even at a relatively young age -LRB- 5-10 years -RRB- . Though there are a small number of Acer palmatum with this characteristic , the most vigorous and well suited to bonsai cultivation is the ` Arakawa ' . This has light green leaves that turn yellow in Autumn.Although it grows vigorously when young , ` Arakawa ' then slows down to quite slow growth , with an eventual height of 25 ' . Its mature slow growth and attractive habit , along with its rough bark , make it a favorite for bonsai . In the landscape , it is hardy and does well in difficult conditions . It 's bright green in spring and summer . In fall , there are varying shades of red , with bright scarlet predominating . ` Arakawa ' is synonymous with ` Nishiki sho ' . The rough bark does not become evident for a few years , and continues to get more prominent with age . Also known as Rough Bark Maple .
 My Japanese Red maple was n't a bonsai . it was about 3 times larger than what the picture indicates . I received my tree almost completely dead with no healthy leaves . When i tried to get a replacement I was sent an even larger tree that was just as dead . There is no way to file a claim with amazon for this seller and I ca n't leave feedback either . Stay away from this seller !
 This item arrived looking half dead with no leaves or blooms . I followed the instructions but the bonsai never had a chance . This was a total waste of money and unfortunately I bought two different bonsai 's as gifts and they both did not live . I would NEVER recommend purchasing this product . If I could have rated this less than one star I would have done so !
 The maple tree came beautiful packed and arrived quickly . I was quit impressed with the packing . The tree does not in any way look like the picture . Even though it 's not what I ordered and what I really expected , I named the tree `` The Ugly Duckling . '' She is beautiful in my eyes , but in no way is the picture identical to what I received . I have purchased others from Brussels and was satisfied . Not this time .
 Received the Japanese maple today and it is in rough shape . The tree itself has several broken branches and also many spots on the leaves . In addition it is just not an attractive tree . Its quite tall , but also quite narrow and has only a few branches on it , none of which are very large . The trunk is far to large consistering the lack of branches , I do n't quite understand what happened with the tree , but I 'm not happy , hoping for a refund or different tree .
 It came on Thursday and I gave it as gift . The next morning , it was dead . Every leaf was curled up . We do n't know what happened .
 I purchased this as a gift to a friend , however , she did not get this , instead she got a dried outdoor gingko with no leaves what so ever . I am trying to return this item . Very disappointing .
 I purchased 3 - 6 packs of these clear light bulbs . 6 bulbs have blown and hazed and failed to light . 3 more bulbs globes BROKE OFF IN THE LIGHT SOCKET AND WERE EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO REMOVE . -LRB- I cut a finger on the cheap glass -RRB- . The remaining bulbs are going in the garbage . They are dangerous and I will not have them in my home . I would return them , but it is just not worth paying for return shipping . DO NOT BUY THESE LIGHT BUBLS .
 The bulbs arrived on time in an oversized box with no added padding . The &#34; contractors pack &#34; box was unsecured in the larger unpacked box with one of the six bulbs banging around the bottom of the box . The filament of this loose build was broken . One wrap of bubble wrap would have probably prevented this .
 These were shipped quickly and are good lights , however , they make the bathroom very hot very fast !!!! Having to go back and order the frosted ones to see if that helps with the heat it projects .
 Connecticut Electric Zinsco replacement 2 pole 100 amp full size breakercame in barely working order - had to `` play '' with both for at least 5 minutes and was thinking to send it back , due to the mulfunction , but than finaly got it to work -LRB- do not know how long it will last - used only one and the other was kept for spare -RRB- - paid express shipping as well to get it a.s.a.p. price was right , about 40 % less than anywhere else , but - `` you get what you paid for '' - if i had to do it again - probably would not .
 I 'm really disappointed . I expected the circuit breaker on April 16th and here it is April 21st . First they said it was lost in transit , then they said it was n't in stock . I always check to see if it is in stock first ; I do n't like to deal with back-orders . They were in stock . If it sold out , it would 've been nice to be notified . I 've never had this problem with the many things I 've ordered from Amazon . This is a first , but still I am very disappointed .
 Stains by looking at it . Seriously , as granite is porous , it absorbs stains and they seem to have made this white granite especially susceptible to acquiring stains . Pour out a cup of old coffee into the sink even with the water running and it stains . There is no way to avoid staining it . Its a constant pain , chore and regret .
 I bought this sink from a major home improvement store 2 years ago , and I wish there had been warnings online before I did . One reviewer said it stains when you simply look at it , and that is no exaggeration . It must be a highly reactive material ; even a bread crumb will stain it . I scour it multiple times a day , and I find I 'm reluctant to even wash my hands in it after I 've scrubbed it because even that will leave a stain which must be scoured out again . I plan to replace it with stainless steel , even though I love the look of white .
 I too inherited this sink when we bought a house . It 's amazing how something as simple as a sink can be so totally irritating . I can keep the stains out but only using multiple products several times a day . If I rinse out a soup can and turn it upside down in the sink to drain I get rust stains that must be removed with a rust product -LRB- I use Whink -RRB- ... bleach wo n't do it . But , I need bleach to get out the other stains like coffee and juice . I need cleaser like Comet or Ajax to get rid of the black scrape marks the pots and pans leave . I would never ever recommend this sink to anyone . I hate it and am researching new sinks to replace this one .
 Unfortunately , this sink came with our house when we bought it 2 years ago , so we were stuck with it for a while . We just had new countertops and a new black granite sink installed today and I was so happy to see his Swanstone sink go . I looked at the model number on the sticker when the contractors removed it just so I could write a review to warn people about this sink . It stains SO easily ! Nothing we tried would get the stains out . We tried just about every type of cleaner that exists , plus a Mr. Clean Magic Eraser , but the stains were there to stay . It was nothing but an eye sore . When we decided to get new countertops , I knew that this was our opportunity to finally get rid of this eye sore in our kitchen . We went to Home Depot and bought a beautiful black granite/composite sink and it literally gave our kitchen a total face lift . I never realized just how much something as small as a stained , dirty sink could bring a kitchen down ! So , the point I 'm trying to make is DO N'T BUY THIS SINK ! Pretty much anything will stain it and you 'll just end up wanting to replace it !
 and there were absolutely NO instructions included specifically for the Ginkgo Bonsai - most importantly when and how to prune , how large it will get , etc. . None of these questions can be found in books either . Currently , it is 28 '' tall which I consider rather tall for a bonsai I 've had for less than 1 month but I do n't know what to expect . The pot is pretty .
 I was using these with outdoor lights . I was splicing into my main 12AWG line , with my light fixtures 18AWG lead . When trying to twist the two ends of the 12AWG and the one end of the 18AWG wire into the wire nut , the wires did n't fit.I just used larger standard wire nuts , and had a tube of silicon that I would fill them up with before twisting them on .
 The first time I needed to use an item from this kit it let me down . I had a slow leak in a tire , and discovered it while hundreds of miles from home . This kit has an air compressor -- no problem right ? Well the part that clamps on to the valve stem broke off in my hand before I even had the compressor out of my trunk . I 've since replaced many of the components of this kit with separately purchased items . I 'd have been better off just using the description of the kit as a packing list to build my own .
 What a piece of JUNK!I got this last year , and checked everything out when it arrived , averting thing seemed okay , and I assumed that it would be in working order . Boy was I wrong.Last week we had a terrible rain storm and I got a flat tire , so I tried to use the air pump to fill up my tire so I could get to a service station . What a waste of money . As soon as I plug it into my cigarette lighter not only did it not work , but it burned my cigarette lighter out!So in summationa -RRB- I was stranded alone at night on the side of the road in a torrential down pourb -RRB- Could not get to a service station to get my tire fixedc -RRB- Had to call for road side assistanced -RRB- It broke my care -RRB- It would cost me even more money to return it than the cost of the item ; not to mention the cost of the road side assistance , and to repair my cigarette lighter , and the cost of a new air pump to replace the `` new '' air pump that I purchased.In my book this deserves 0 stars ... minus one for each of the above.I purchased this thinking that it would provide me with some security and saftey on the road , and it seems to have done the completed opposite of what I purchased this for .
 I would recommend caution before relying on the booster cable included with this kit . An 8 gauge/10 foot cable is adequate for a small car , but it is apt to be too thin and too short for a larger car or truck . A large engine is apt to draw more current than the -LRB- relatively -RRB- thin 8 gauge wire in this kit 's cable can safely handle . For this reason , the ` standard ' gauge for jumper cables is 6 . -LRB- A smaller gauge number translates to thicker wire . Thicker wire can transmit more energy . -RRB- My wife recently tried to jump start our pickup using an 8 gauge booster cable . The attempt melted the cable . -LRB- Before you condemn me for not following my own advice , she decided not to use the pickup truck 's cables because they were stored underneath a load of luggage . Instead , she borrowed cables from her sister , who was providing the `` donor car '' . -RRB- Also , unless there is plenty of room in front of or along side of the vehicle that needs to be jumped , 10 ' of cable length may be insufficient to connect the battery of the donor car and the battery of the disabled car . For example , my car has it 's batter on the driver 's side of the engine compartment and my pickup has its battery on the passenger side . If both vehicles were facing the same direction and parked next to each other with the car on the driver 's side of the pickup , the two batteries would be more than 10 ' apart . The easy solution , of course , would be to park the vehicles facing each other or to park the car on the other side of the pickup . Then , a 10 ' cable would reach . The problem with this easy solution , of course , is that an obstacle -LRB- such as a telephone pole , another car , or a fence -RRB- may prevent the donor car from being parked where you 'd otherwise want it to be.For these reasons , unless you have a small car with a battery that 's unusually easy to reach from all directions , I 'd recommend carrying booster cables that are at least 6 gauge and 16 ' in length .
 You 'd like to think that when you order a simple tool kit that nothing could go wrong , unlike the risks you take with electronics but this item arrived with the plastic pieces shattered , 100 pins , nails and screws loose in the bag and tools the size which are practical for a child 's hand and are useless for simple household jobs . What a waste of money .
 Bought two , the housing is made of soft plastic that snaps together but comes apart easily , I ended up using twist ties to hold it together.The ball hangs under the tap and water splashes over it , unlike other filters , there is no way to ensure that all of the water is filteredI bought it as a cheap alternative to an in line filter and got exactly that , a cheap and less affective alternative .
 Bought this to clean my barn aisles ... picks up about 10 % of what it goes over . Ca n't find any information on who to contact to see why it is n't working ...
 When I order something that it is suppose to be , then make sure it is . A new re-chargeable battery that does n't charge is n't much help when I 'm in the field.Wouldn ' t buy this product again
 Presented image is COMPLETELY misguiding . Image shows circular forney logo , white band below wrist , and light gray over hand and top wrist . What i recieved was a pair of GRAY welding gloves lined in black with a single word Forney Logo on the top wrist . if i knew they would be like this i would NEVER have bought them . These are COMPLETELY Gray and the image does not show black lining .
 I ordered these gloves for a Dr. Horrible Costume , so I needed this exact style of gloves . Instead they were shipped from Acehardwareoutlet and when they arrived they were a totally different style . I 'm going to try and bleach them so they will work , but be warned if you order here that the pictured gloves are not what you will get .
 These dainty and delicate gloves are a must have for anyone 's Halloween wardrobe . But I do n't recommend them for actual metal work . As crazy as it sounds , I use them for welding - hobby level at that - and the lining in mine ripped free when putting my hand in on the second day . The felt lining goes up to the wrist , where it was sewn to the leather shell , albeit poorly .
 The gloves do not match the picture at all . They are gray with navy blue trim .
 Unit started chirping after a week in use . Changed new battery 3 times but chirping never stopped . Will be contacting First Alert for replacement . I hope they have good support .
 The previous owner of our house installed this product in 2007 . We have three of them . Two of them had problems and BRK sent replacement to us . Last night the third one went off in the middle of night . We called 911 . People from fire department came but did not detect any CO in our house . So we called BRK this morning to demand a replacement as the product was still under warranty -LRB- we thought -RRB- . However , the woman who answered the phone was extremely rude from the very beginning . First she asked if we tested the product every WEEK . If we did not , it is our fault . Then she said since it was installed in the foyer , but near the kitchen entrance , it is not correct ... basically she spent the whole time to argue it is our fault that the alarm went off . We demand to speak with a manager ; she said ok but never came back . We called again . This time a man answered the phone . He said the warranty can not be carried over to the next home owner . So , even though the product is still within 5 year warranty , they will not send us a replacement . Then he asked if we vaccum the product every two months . If we did not , it is our fault that the alarm went off . At this point we already decided that even if they do send us a replacement , we would not install it . We simply can not tolerate a CO detector in our house that would go off for variaty of reasons because we did not test it every week and vaccum it every two months.I spoke with my colleagues in our firm and found out many of them had bad experience with this company . Apparently due to its low pricing , builders/contractors like to have this brand installed . But the quality of the products is so poor and customer service so bad . I would not recommend that anybody install this product to their own home.We have a baby , two elderly , and a dog in the house . We had to evacuate the house in the middle of the night in Dec when outside is freezing simply due to a defective product . The customer service people not only did not say anything to sympathize , the first thing that they did was try to transfer all the responsibilities to us . Unbelievable !
 I moved into a new house that had been built about a year before . For the past 17 months I have been changing batteries very often in my three CO detectors . I finally started putting dates on the batteries and found that they only last 2 months -LRB- 1 month in a cold basement -RRB- . I 'm guessing I spent about $ 70 in batteries . The batteries are only there to kick in when the AC power fails , which it rarely does and never for very long . However , my tests indicate that the batteries are being drained while the AC power is properly working.I contacted the company for warranty replacements and was told I would have to pay $ 20 for shipping & HANDLING to get my `` FREE '' warranty replacements . I made a big stink and got them to send them at their expense . Only time will tell if the replacements work . Till then I can work on the problem of random beeps from my BRK smoke detectors .
 I bought a brand new townhome in Oct 2008 that came with the 4 BRK CO detectors installed . In early fall 2010 , the first detector beeped to indicate it needed a new battery , so I changed it . Within a week , the alarm was going off to indicate we had an issue . I contacted the Fire Dept who came out and determined I had a faulty detector . Within 3 months , the exact same thing happened with another of my detectors . I am now at a 50 % fail rate and have replaced all 4 with a different brand .
 Do you know what is the best ? It 's waking up at 1am to the sound of your trusty BRK , First Alert Carbon Monoxide Detector screeching at a high pitch throughout your house . What a nice Christmas present for us . We had to get our 2 year old son out of bed , our dog and ourselves out of the house and into a freezing cold car . -LRB- We live in New England -RRB- We contacted the fire department , who responded within a few minutes alongside an Ambulance . My 2 year old son , myself and my Husband were tested for Carbon Monoxide poisoning . After a monoxide reading of the home at zero , we were cleared to go back in.That was the first part of the nightmare ! The next was contacting BRK to take advantage of the so-called `` 7 year limited warranty '' . It 's null and void if you do n't have a receipt . The date of the detector is clearly imprinted on the back of the detector as August 2008 , YET , they refuse to honor the warranty because we did not keep the receipt !! We went and spent $ 58 on yet another Carbon Monoxide detector from THEIR brand , yet they wo n't give us any compensation for the replacement . They DO NOT stand behind their product and at the price , they get per unit , they absolutely should honor their warranty . For a US company to have such poor customer satisfaction is very disturbing.Don ' t bother with their products . They do n't stand behind their products . What a shame !!! As having one of the biggest scares of our lives was not enough , now we 're faced with the added expense of having to dish out $ 58 for a replacement of a THREE -LRB- 3 -RRB- year old Carbon Monoxide detector !!
 Our electrician explained that we need all the same model/type of unit , which is the only reason I 'm still purchasing these -LRB- big house , lots of alarms -RRB- . If you are looking to switch , do n't switch to BRK . Easy to install but that 's about it .
 What a piece of junk . We put an addition onto our house and our contractor installed about 10 of these to get our house to code . Within a year , I have yanked all 10 down because they keep chirping . And I swear , it 's ALWAYS in the middle of the night . I think the battery contacts begin to separate away from the contacts of the battery over time . You can pull them back , but the fix does n't last long.Anyway , do n't waste your money on these things .
 I purchased this to replace one that I had and went defective the so called life of the unit lasted 5 years and went bad not from carbonmonixide or from having a bad battery in it . It started to beep 2 beeps every morning about every 5 or 10 minutes for about 30 minutes . I replaced it and the New unit wo n't even stay attached to the mounting bracket that came with it . I tried the old bracket and it still kept poping off . I called there customer service office and guess what there going to send me another bracket I have news for them it 's not the bracket it 's there cheap/crapy mounting latches they have on the unit . Looks like I 'll be playing the lets swap items until we figure out that what we sell is junk game . Buy anything but this unit unless you just enjoy putting up with crap .
 One of the pieces that I received looked used . It had large/deep scratches on the underside - must have been a returned item . I 'm surprised it would be shipped to someone in that condition . I do n't believe it was damaged in transit since the packaging -LRB- including the plastic bag -RRB- were all intact .
 I 've installed 2 of these in bathrooms , but they consistently turn off too quickly if they have n't been on in a while . Adjusting the timer will lengthen the amount of time it 's on once it 's warmed up , but it still has the problem the first time it turns on . It 's gotten to the point where many people just turn the switch to on so they do n't get plunged into darkness , defeating the purpose of the things.I 'm looking for another brand to replace these with .
 Contrary to an earlier review about it working with a large fluorescent load - it does n't . I have a load with 4 T12 tubes , and it flickers constantly in the `` Auto '' mode . When in `` On '' mode it works fine . I 'm sure Cooper could avoid lots of return costs if they would have designed it right from the start .
 Connected switch but when the light times out , the light bulbs stay dimly lite . When motion is sensed , the lights brighten up , but again , when timed out , the lights stay dimly lite . Unit is wired correctly as per manual . A ceiling fixture with two incandescent bulbs is being used .
 One out of 8 that I bought worked ! Poor quality ! In the future , I would rather pay a little more for a better quality motion sensor switch .
 What you see is not what you get what you see is a nice polished American version what you get is a red Japan made one with foreign instructions a deceiving add .
 I had this tree sent to my daughter for her birthday , but it arrived in poor condition and only got worse . We fared no better with a second attempt ... we were very disappointed , to say the least . But , Amazon was very cooperative about our return .
 So far , this Crepe Myrtle has not shown one flower , nor the potential for any flowers , and , in fact it did not look good when I got it , about 30 days ago . I will provide an update if it starts looking healthier and beautiful like the picture . Product did arrive quickly . Also , the greenery is not near as full as the picture shown .
 This item arrived looking half dead with no leaves or blooms . I followed the instructions but the bonsai never had a chance . This was a total waste of money and unfortunately I bought two different bonsai 's as gifts and they both did not live . I would NEVER recommend purchasing this product .
 This is the second bonzai tree that I received and just like the 1st one , this one does not look like it 's going to make it for very long . I thought maybe it was something I did or did n't do but regardless ... No plant should be that difficult to maintain considering it started to look very dried out and droopy come day two . The soil was very hard & dry and packed way too tight into the pot that it made watering the plant nearly impossible .
 the dwarft crepe mrytle bonsai never flowered but did grow but left outside as specified in instructions it now has lost most leaves and probably will not make it thru the winter .
 It does n't look healthy when I got it , but I thought I should give it a chance . But now , all the leave are gone.I am not sure if it will show a sign of life or I just wasted my money.The other two bonsai are doing well . Still wondering why this flowering plant which looks so beautiful in the picture , might become a disappointment - I hope not ...
 On March 21 , 2011 , I purchased a Brussel 's DT9049DCM Crepe Myrtle Bonsai tree through Amazon . The tree received in a dormant state -LRB- No leaves or signs of growth -RRB- . In mid April 2010 I became concerned about the lack of growth -LRB- Only about six leaves -RRB- on the entire tree and all those leaves on a coupe branches only . I telephoned Brussel 's to determine if tree was late to thrive or what . I received a return call from Brussel 's Bonsia Master who stated that it was normal that their trees was just now starting to grow and to give it two to four weeks and call him back with the status . Upon request I e-mailed them six protographs of the tree . After a couple weeks all signs of life on the tree were gone . An additional six photographs were sent and with the exchange of several emails where they indicated they would replace the item . On May 17 , 2001 , I received an email indicating you purchase the item from Amazon so go through them for a replacement or you can buy a new one directly from them . Now I have never returned an item through Amazon , but to say I am very disappointed in this matter is an understatement . Is there any assistance Amazon can provide in this matter ?????? Try and find a phone number to call Amazon . I sent an email through their system without any response . Buyer beware , if you want to be treated like a second class system buy from Brussel 's through Amazon . After the purchase of eleven trees through Brussels and about seven of them through Brussel 's has lost a CUSTOMEr . As well if I ca n't get any response through Amazon they have lost a CUSTOMER as well !!!!!!!!
 Brussel 's DT9049DCM Crepe Myrtle BonsaiI was totally disappointed with this product ! Unfortunately , I did n't read the reviews before I ordered it , which taught me a lesson . The picture showed beautiful , purple flowers ... when mine arrived , it barely had any leaves , let alone flowers ! Also , the instructions that came with the `` plant '' said it was for outdoors , & there was nothing about that in the description . Amazon was wonderful about giving me a refund , but I think they probably had a lot of practice giving refunds for this one ! I also learned not to order plants through the mail . I would not recomend this product .
 I ordered this Crepe Myrtle Bonsi for a very dear sister-in-law who just turned 70 . She loves bonsai and I LOVED the photo and all the info I read on this particular bonsai . I knew she would love this new hobby and probably order more and more as well as share the idea of a new hobby with her friends . We live so f ar away from each other I wanted her to have something unusual to enjoy . The plant arrived with absolutely NOTHING on it not a leaf , or flower . What a sad plant , she sent a tx pik of it . She has hopes that it will somehow come around and turn into the lovely plant you pictured . My husband and I order very frequently from Amazon and for many years have just never had any complaint but this is just really a terrible HAPPY BIRTHDAY to a very sweet and dear lady .
 The plant was delivered without any leaves , just naked breaches and does not look like it is going to make it to the summer . I will update in a couple of months if it makes it .
 The pot that the tree was in was broken , and I just did not have the time during the Christmas sesaon to try and return it and then have you send me another one .
 Not near enough output to deter much of anything . Also you can save $ 20 by buying from Home Depot . I do n't know what the joule rating is on this unit , but it must be pretty low -LRB- sub-1 joule -RRB- .
 Purchased this unit from another seller . Have owned several chargers in the past so know how to install them . Installed this one around a poultry pen to deter predators . -LRB- apparently EVERYTHING likes to eat chicken ! -RRB- Thought I might be in trouble when , after installation , one of our four month old kittens sniffed the wire , put his nose to it , and did n't even flinch . Tester showed it was charging . Touched it and received a very mild tingle . Was planning on replacing . Unfortunately was too late for my chickens . Something , a raccoon I suspect , helped himself to a chicken dinner that very night ! So , bottom line , if you 're trying to contain anything kitten sized or larger avoid this unit .
 When this arrived it looked a little beat up but I thought maybe the little tree would rally with some water and light . I had gotten it as a birthday gift for my mother . Before I could present the bonsai to her four days later it had died . Very disappointing .
 I had planned to present this flowering bonsai to the doctors and hospital staff who preformed and cared for me during a major surgery . When it arrived it was a wilted , brown and broken mess . Totally unpresentable . It appeared to me and to my wife -LRB- a master gardener -RRB- that the plant possibly had been subjected to freezing temperatures along with some rough handling . With dead blooms and brownish tone -LRB- lacking the rich green in the leaves -RRB- its future is very uncertain . I have a digital image of the plant as it looked upon arrival before it was to be transfered to the hospital and is available if a way to send . This is certainly not the quality I have come to expect of an Amazon product . Richard Wilson , Ph.D. .
 I purchased this as a birthday gift for my 83 year old mother-in-law . I thought it would be a fun , different gift . It was definately different - the plant was dead within a week . She did n't tell me until a few weeks later . . she did n't want to hurt my feelings . I was extremely disappointed when she told me about the plant .
 My girlfriend purchased this for me for valentines day . The plant arrived in good health and was packeged with precision . That however is not my issue . The tree if you can call it that does not look like a `` bonsai '' at all really . It has a very thin trunk , poor root structure , no nabari , and poor branch development . I also could find no data on `` Fringe Flower '' in my 7 bonsai books that I own . I would advise purchasing a Chinese Elm or Black Pine . I would not recommend to a friend .
 Although the item came in on time and decent enough . This is an outside bonsai . This is not an inside bonsai . Very disappointed .
 Was disappointed to find out that this tree that I purchased as a gift for someone has died after continuous care of 2-3 months .
 You have shown the person as the reciepient of my order as also the person for billing purposes this should not be so.The order will be and should be for my account and the billing , please explainDennis Tickle
 I got it as a valentines present from my husband a couple of days back , it looked withered when it reached , i thought it will become fine when nurtured and i followed all the instructions with watering and temperatue and sunlight , but looks like it is dying.some of the leaves are falling and there are no flowers the buds are also dying , i watered it as was mentioned 3 times a week but looks like it is not gon na survive , does anyone has a suggestion how to survive such a plant ... I am really sad .
 WHEN IT GOT TO MY HOME IT WAS FROZEN A FEW DAYS LATER IT DIED . I WAS VERY UPSET IT WAS A PRESENT , I think they should send me my money back .
 All 3 of the bonsai tree 's I purchased died within a couple weeks of being delivered . They looked bad when they arrived but I thought it was just from getting moved around in the box . They lost a lot of leaves the first couple days and then were completely dead within 2 weeks . IT was a huge disappointment as we spent a lot of money on these trees and now have nothing to show for it .
 Do not buy products from Sheryl Shop , I bought a bonsai for Mother 's Day they sent a broken/dead tree , with more than 80 % of branches broken , totally dry , in the worst conditions , it was garbage , the packing also was really bad without any signs as such as FRAGILE , this side up or down anything . I call Lous who told and promised me that he was sending a new one in good conditions and i will receive it on Tuesday , I have been waiting for it since Friday 11 and calling almost everyday with the same answer I will receive a new one , tomorrow is going to be 7 days waiting , the last time we talk he gave me a tracking number from UPS , it was created a day after and never sent nothing , UPS did not receive anything , IS A FRAUD !!!!! , they send garbage and you pay for that !!! My complain is
 After ordering as a mother 's day gift -LRB- in stock with estimated arrival before the holiday -RRB- , I get an email 2 days AFTER mothers day stating the item is not available and should arrive before mid-JULY !!!!! Beyond furious , THANKS FOR A RUINED MOTHER 'S DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Hello , The bonsai pot was broken when it arrived , the bonsai was fine though . I like to get a replacement pot so I can place the bonsai in the right place.Thanks , Mana Weigand
 This item , for me , did not live up to its description . This will NOT stay stuck on the wall , I finally had to use nails to hold it up ; not they way it should be !
 It would n't stick to my wall and I ended up wasting half an hour wrangling with cords and the stupid cord channels for nothing .
 This product works just fine until you try to take it off the wall to , perhaps , replace it with a newer cover of higher capacity . I went to take mine off today . I ended up tearing away half of my paint and drywall . THIS PRODUCT SUCKS @ # !! % , I WILL NEVER BUY THIS AGAIN .
 i have burned myself so much with this glue gun and ruined my projects because the stanley glue that is for it just oozes out . The melted glue is like water and drips right off your project onto you . The glue guns from the ninety nine cent store serve me much better .
 I purchased this last October but just opened it since my old glue gun no longer works . It must be defective ... it will not feed more than a dot of glue out at a time . Very frustrating . Pressing the trigger does n't do anything until finally a small -LRB- very small -RRB- amount will dribble out . So sorry I did n't open this and then return it asap ! Do n't do what I did . If you buy this , try it right away and be prepared that you may need to return it . Just my luck !
 I bought this based on the price and I have good success with Stanley products in the past . This gun is a piece of junk and the trigger mechanism broke during the first use . I ended up getting the Arrow at a hardware store and even though it does not have the best reviews on here the Arrow is a much sturdier construction and made in the USA
 The first time I used the glue gun I LOVED it . The second time I had to force feed the glue stick through the gun . It seemed that the trigger stopped working . The third time I could n't even force the glue stick through and nothing but a thread of glue would eject out of the tip . At $ 12 a use , it 's not that cheap . I would absolutely NOT recommend wasting the money on this .
 Extra star for the service , but out of the package the product never worked . Thanks to one of the previous reviews , I opened it immediately to test it . Sure enough it 's a dud . Amazon 's return/replacement program is awesome however , so a new one is on the way , dead one is in route back to amazon .
 Full disclosure
 I bought this glue gun and an extra package of glue sticks . The gun will not feed the glue sticks and the instructions say not to try to remove them or it will damage the unit . I tried to file a claim for a defective unit but that requires that you return the unit . I no longer have the original shipping box . I 'm out over $ 17 .
 It heats up and melts the glue , but it goes through it so quickly ! You want to be prepared ahead of time , because when this thing heats up the glue stick disappears extremely fast ! There is a lot of waste .
 The problem with this gun is that the glue does not move freely through the glue feeder , you have to push it to keep the glue moving . The gun itself was fine . I inserted an object to push the glue through the feeder , which worked for a couple of jobs . The object that I was using to help the glue move along through the feeder actually became glued in area that moves the glue stick through the gun . I had to toss the gun because I could not remove the object I had inserted to faciliate the process . Inserting that object was the only way I could keep the glue moving after a certain point . I noticed that before I started helping the glue move through the gun , there were large glops of glue comiing out at sporadic intervals and then nothing . I also noticed that the glue was not really moving anymore when the large glob of glue was coming out . Once I started helping the process , the gun was fine until the object actually was glued to the gun . I think this is the issue a couple of others who were reviewing were attempting to describe , with the large dispersal of glue and then nothing . The price was awesome and I really trusted the brand name Stanley , which is why I decided to give it a try after some of the reviewers criticized the product . I am disappointed .
 This seller is pulling a bait-and-switch ! The item shipped to me is a REFURBISHED heat gun , not a new one!Package was previously opened and both STAPLED and TAPED back together . UPC code has been covered by a DIFFERENT UPC code!Going back immediately ! I 'm paying for a NEW hot glue gun , not a REFURB !
 This glue gun is pretty sturdy and has nice thick glue sticks . The problem is you need to have a warrior hand to operate it . The button to be pressed would get so stiff my hand was getting a work out . I found it a bit clunky to work on my craft projects . Particular for finer work . Theres just not enough flexiblity to be had with this glue gun . Also the glue would not come out at times . I would have to place it on its stand , for a few minutes , then use it . As a doll crafter I want to keep going . Just like other crafters . I am keeping the gun for big repairs . But I find a mini gun is just better and easier for the kind of work that I do .
 This glue gun is a great idea with poor execution . The refill glue sticks do n't feed in well and the trigger does n't advance them well . Maybe get better version .
 I was cautious to purchase this reading the mixed reviews , and it turns out that they were correct . The sink is not meant for use as a kitchen sink , it does not have a glossy finish and looks like cheap plastic . There was also a small scuff mark in the front which could not be removed with any amount of elbow grease . Not a good sign for a sink that is supposed to be durable and easily cleanable.I shipped the sink back to Amazon the same day it arrived without giving it a second thought .
 I bought this on the basis of -LRB- from what I can remember -RRB- one other product review ... let me add one in the hopes of helping prospective new sink owners . Yes , it is big , can fit large pots and would likely clean up well . My issue is with the aesthetics
 I did n't expect this to be of super quality but the cheap plastic cracked while I was screwing it in .
 When I got this to put in the closet , I was very pleased
 Hole size is too large for most flush mount receptacles . Should have said diameter size in the discription . Might find a use one day .
 Halogen bulbs provided with unit were of poor quality , one was inoperative , the other three were very yellow in their illumination . Found this out when we replace the inoperative bulb with a Sylvania bulb . An email was sent to the vendor for replacement of the inoperative bulb - no reply !
 This product is fine if it fits your SINK . I wish there would have been a more thorough description of this item . The stem which screws into the sink itself was too wide . I do n't recall there being any mention of the diameter of that piece . When I contacted the seller to return the item , I was told of a $ 5.00 restocking fee . That fee would have been waived had I ordered a replacement , but there was not a proper replacement offered . I kept the strainers . It would have cost more to send it back than what I had originally paid . And I hate forfeiting money on something I ca n't use .
 Wholeheartedly agree with the other reviewer . It 's amazing something as simple as a tp holder can be so messed up -LRB- and cost so much . -RRB- You are stuck with a fixed width that MUST fit your paper roll like a glove or else bathroom comedy ensues as the roll keeps falling off . I guess the previous owner enjoyed &#34; high-end &#34; toilet paper and I should be purchasing toilet paper commensurate to my high end bathroom accessories . / eyeroll
 I bought this to match my bathroom faucets . How do I hate it ... let me count the ways ... 1 . You have to get the exact correct size width of paper . Some rolls will fit and some will fall out . For example , the more expensive rolls of MD tissue will fit , but the economy rolls are too small .2 . How much time do you have in a day ? You have to squeeze the holder out and attempt to make the roll fit in . If the hole in your roll is not perfectly round it will not go in . Even if it is round when you start , sometimes it gets a little crushed while you are trying to install it and you have to take it out , make it as round as you can and try again .3 . Sometimes when you are 1/2 way through with the roll , you can pull it a bit sideways which will cause it to fall out . Then you have to go back to my second step and put it back in all over again.It 's too late for me because I already made the holes in the side of my cabinet to fit this in , but there are lots of nice toilet paper holders out there . Get any of those instead !
 What you get is two McCormick 's spice jars -LRB- exact same jars as used for spices -RRB- and two packets of bait . Add water and they will attract fruit flies , for about two weeks , when the bait will grow a thick , spongy greenish-white fungus.There is no poison involved - the fruit flies enter the spice jar through the holes , being attracted by the scent of the bait , but once they enter they are not smart enough to figure out how to get out , and eventually drown.About a week after I bought these traps , I used some apple cider vinegar and set the bottle aside . I noticed that many fruit flies were attracted to the bottle , where some vinegar had dribbled . The vinegar bottle was only a few inches away from the spice-bottle traps , so apple cider vinegar must be very appealing to fruit flies , as many flies ignored the trap and were attracted to the vinegar bottle instead.So I made my own simple and inexpensive trap by taking a small jar , punching a few holes in the top -LRB- about the diameter of a pencil -RRB- and adding apple cider vinegar . It works GREAT -LRB- as good as the commercial trap -RRB- , and the vinegar does not spoil or grow fungus , so it lasts a LONG time . And , the acid of the vinegar will actually dissolve the fruit flies -LRB- after about 12 hours -RRB- , so it does n't make this nasty mess.I give two stars -LRB- instead of one -RRB- because it works as described , but I would not recommend it to anyone .
 Was hoping this fruit fly trap was a cheaper alternative to the much more expensive trap sold by Gardener 's Supply Company . Cheaper is all I got ... requires you to add water . Yes , the trap worked for a couple -LRB- 3 -RRB- weeks , but the trap itself started smell 'n funky , so in the trash it went . Stink is not a problem with the more expensive `` dry '' type , lasts for 1 month , but mine worked for 2 months or more .
 Did n't work at all . We ended up using plain old fly paper with much better results . Very disappointing .
 This thing did n't work at all . Nothing caught . Fruit flies are still buzzing around my head .
 The fruit flies attracted by garden tomato processing and canning in my Florida kitchen this summer did n't seem to mind the presence of the `` Kitchen Fruit Fly Trap '' and went for the tomatoes instead . Really intelligent flies or maybe dumb product . Wo n't waste money again .
 The trap was place right next to where our fruit fly problem is , and it did n't catch a single one ! Very disappointed .
 Just crap ! Waste of money . We have lot of fruit flies . Its been two days ... NOT ONE was cought . This came with two plastic jars . So I placed at two busy spots . Not a fly !
 Even the minimum one star is too much to rate this product . It does absolutely NOTHING !! I purchased a competing product at the same time and that one worked.It trapped a bunch of them.With this product , out of two traps , NOT ONE fruit fly was trapped . NOTHING .
 I bought these cuz of my awful fruit fly problem , I got them and has been about a week and i think one fly went in it and died . I put a cup of kool-aid out and it has killed 100 times as many as my fruit fly traps . I would give these a half star pretty worthless
 The description of this product is NOT accurate . These lights are NOT bright . I have 6 mounted under the cabinets in my very small kitchen and all 6 on at once add up to the equivalent of a night light . It is a pretty color of light , but very dim .
 We were trying to get rid of the wires for under the cabinet lighting . However , the LED lights were definitely NOT sufficient for this area . We were very disappointed even after trying to double the number recommended in an area .
 I was cautious to purchase this reading the mixed reviews , and it turns out that they were correct . The sink is not meant for use as a kitchen sink , it does not have a glossy finish and looks like cheap plastic . There was also a small scuff mark in the front which could not be removed with any amount of elbow grease . Not a good sign for a sink that is supposed to be durable and easily cleanable.I shipped the sink back to Amazon the same day it arrived without giving it a second thought .
 I bought this on the basis of -LRB- from what I can remember -RRB- one other product review ... let me add one in the hopes of helping prospective new sink owners . Yes , it is big , can fit large pots and would likely clean up well . My issue is with the aesthetics
 There were no installation instructions . When I installed them so that the legs were perpendicular to the table top -LRB- the legs were at 90 degree angle when open -RRB- , the hinges would n't allow the legs collapse flat to the bottom . I had to install them so that the legs splayed outward at about a 125 degree angle to the table top . Only then would the legs collapse flat to the bottom of the table.Take my advice , DO N'T BUY THESE TABLE LEGS .
 This product is inexpensive , but a bit used in it wobbles . Checked to see why , and measuring from flat inside surfaces to outside , there is up to .20 mm difference .
 When I ordered the Gable Ventilators , the web site listed the item as `` a pack of six . '' I ordered two boxes of six ventilators -LRB- 12 vents total -RRB- . I received 2 vents . My emails to Amazon have gone unanswered for the last month . I keep emailing them and keep emailing them , but they do not answer . Now I have been ripped off by Amazon and Amazon could care less . I learned my lesson with Amazon , I hope you do n't have to learn the same way I did .
 These self-adhesive bright white LED lights are certainly bright and lit up my closet under the stairs quite well . My problem was that they did n't stay `` stuck '' on the walls and would constantly fall off , getting lost in the clutter of items that I needed them to illuminate in the 1st place ...
 When I got this to put in the closet , I was very pleased
 I put three of these in my closet so I could see my clothes better.The light they provided was minimal . I would n't recommend these for anything more than a gloves compartment in a car or carryone one around to see a keyhole .
 I bought a 3 pack of these , thinking they would be bright enough to illuminate the display of a phone from approximately 6 inches away . I ended up having to affix all 3 under the lip of my desk -LRB- a reception desk , the phone is underneath the `` lip '' which makes the display hard to read -RRB- and all 3 got very dim after only 1 day and now they are all burnt out . Awful . I 'll never buy them again .
 It looks like a great idea but getting them is another story and the customer service department well let us just say Walmart has better customer service .
 This product was a complete waste of money . If you have a spare bag/backpack at home , use the money you would spend on this product at target instead . There is nothing in here that you ca n't easily acquire yourself and additionally ... acquire things of higher quality . Most of the items look like they were purchased at a dollar store and then tossed together as a ` kit ' . Example - the poncho that is provided in the kit is not even as durable as a garbage bag . It certainly would n't hold up in any kind of disaster situation.There are 3 packs of tissues ... I assume this is for all the crying you will be doing in an emergency or the crying you will do once you open up the package to see how much money you have wasted.So do yourself a favor and DO N'T purchase any of these kits . Take the time to go to Target or Walmart and buy things that may actually be useful in an emergency .
 I ordered one of these but mine had the painted tye dye base . Other than that , everything else was identical -LRB- colors , size , and shape -RRB- . It looked awesome the first few times , I tried it . After that it never turned on again . Some type of problem in the switch or electronics , who knows.I contacted the Lumisource customer service people and they never responded . I guess Lumisource does n't stand behind their products , they hide.This is unfortunate since this is a cool looking lamp when it works.I star because the darn thing wo n't turn on any more and I did n't do anything to it .
 this is a terrible product . The self contained battery quickly runs down & then the unit is worthless . There are similar products that cost about the same , have brighter lights & replaceable batteries
 The tubing cutter I ordered is not the one I received . Yes , I know what you are thinking , just return it . Well , I do n't have the time or the patients for that . Watch out for this store , I would not buy from them again . The cutter I got is not a nice as the one in the picture . It does work , but it is not a professional tool like the one listed .
 This tool could use improvement . I have one that has a ratchet action that is much better than this one .
 Sorry to say I did buy this bulb about 8 months ago , and it died within 7 months.Expensive bulb with ions that I really could not tell if it was actually working.Again , great idea but quality is poor and is overpriced .
 Not worth it ! This light has already stopped functioning twice on me , I thought it was the light bulbs , and I replaced them , but still -- Nothing !
 After using another type of foam that worked well but was much more expensive I decided that the reviews of this product sounded good . I had nothing but problems with the dispenser . The product itself is great and does what it says . If you can get it to dispense properly . I bought two cans which should have been plenty but with all the dispensing issues I now need more . I am going to get that nameless other brand this time . Very disappointed .
 The exact same compound found in most stores works just as well . goes much further and blends fairly well to natural products such as stone , sand , etc. . This product is a &#34; rip off &#34; because of the supposedly intended use .
 the canvas lasted about 6 hours before the grommets started ripping out . lesson learned now will only by canvas i can look at before i buy
 This is a nice product but the two clips broke off very easily . The base of the clips that attach to the body are very weak . It is just a matter of replacing them with stronger alligator clips . The store that sold this product mailed free of charge 6 replacement clips . Customer service was very prompt and courteous correcting this problem . I would buy from this store again .
 I 'm a frequent Amazon user , but I 've never felt compelled to leave a review until now . This is the first time I 've been really disappointed with a purchase , but these gloves are pretty terrible , even at this price : - One of them is noticeably larger than the other.-Stitching is awful -- the interior lining of one glove was never stitched into place , so looks like I 'm going to have to fix that myself on a pair of NEW gloves I just purchased.-The dark purple cuffs look like leather -- they 're not ! They 're made from cheap , thin fabric . These gloves were assembled using the minimum amount of leather possible , then described as leather work gloves.Spend a little extra and get something better , or spend $ 5 at the hardware store and get something that you do n't expect to last anyway . I 'm going to keep these crappy gloves since I need work gloves for a class fairly soon , but in different circumstances , I would consider returning them .
 I bought these in 2005 . The louvers are wooden and slide into a groove in the frame so they are fragile and break easily . I am replacing mine in 2011 with a solid wooden grate with a metal louver beneath from another company .
 I was getting these floor registers expressly for baby-proofing our house . I intended to screw them into our hardwood floor , so that our little one would n't be able to pull them out . I was willing to put a metal screen under the damper box to catch anything that our little one would throw down the vents.Alas , the workmanship on these vents is so poor that they are unusable for us . Specifically , the edges of the slanted ribs are extremely sharp . They were not rounded over and sanded smooth before finishing . Imagine a toddler sticking his fingers in there . Also , the surfaces of the ribs have n't been sanded at all , it seems , and are very rough . They are also not finished.Having said that , I assume that these vent covers will work fine when there are no adventurous kids around .
 I bought this due to some of the positive reviews on Amazon and some other sites . It does go through the propane tank quickly , probably in about three weeks but am pleased I dont have to plug it into an electric outlet . This summer we have practically zero mosquitos in our back yard . So , you say , this must be working , right ? I hope so . On the other hand , I have very few mosquitos caught in the basket of this contraption . Thus , I am not sure if it is the machine that is working or simply the fact that we have less mosquitos this summer as compared to past years ???
 $ 300 is a lot for what you get , but it did work very well for me last summer . it caught lots of bugs and I noticed a difference . Sadly , this year , it wo n't even start up . Poor quality really annoys me more than the bugs do . Grrrr .
 I 've waited patiently for the last month - this thing has n't trapped much of anything . There are plaenty of mosquitos in my yard - they just do n't seem to be drawn to this trap . I 've tried all the different settings and moved it around but this thing does n't seem to do much of anything other than blink at night . And to make matters worse , it blew flew an entire tank of propane in 15-20 days - NOT 60 days -LRB- as they claim -RRB- . I plan to ask for my money back ...
 All I know is that it uses up a lot of propane , and it does n't seem to catch all that many mosquitoes . It does catch them , but I 'm not sure if it actually makes any difference .
 I have used the Skeeter Vac for years ... it is a very effective means for reducing mosquitoes and other biting insects . But almost $ 23 for ONE RP Octenol Lure ???? Are you kidding me ? I thought I would get a three pack for that price . The product works great , but what a rip off for the stuff you need to keep the product working for more than a season . Shame on you Amazon and Skeeter Vac .
 I have been trying to find masking tape that does not remove paint from sheetrock . I use only Benjamin Moore paints , and 3M 's blue painter 's tape in both medium adhesion as well as low-medium adhesion remove paint from drywall . 3M lists a low adhesion tape on their website , however , it is impossible to find on the net as well as locally . I had hoped Loparex 's Easy Mask would solve the paint removal dilemma . It has not . The Easy Mask results mirror those of 3M 's blue painter 's tape . To be clear , not every inch of applied tape removes paint . However , enough paint is removed to render time spent painting nearly an excersize in futility .
 I ordered this prodect over two months ago and when I ordered it , the ad said it was in stock and would be shipped within three days . I have now received four messages saying it has been delayed but no reason for the delay . This is the worst service I have ever received from a company !!! I cancelled this and ordered it from Monstronix and received it within two days and a lower price and free shipping .
 Between the readings taken with a K type thermocouple and this non contact thermometer there is a wide variation much more than the tolerances set out in the manual.I was measuring the case temperature of a Power IC.Also the Laser spot is wide off the focus.Not very useful for accurate measurements
 I purchased this pump to recycle water through a solar heater for my swimming pool . It is junk as far as I am concerned . It is noisy beyond belief ! Especially for something so tiny . Unless you are going to use this far , far away , try another product !
 This is not user friendly at all . The unit is designed so that you can not have anything else plugged in as it leaves no room for the bottom half of a duplex outlet . Try to test your tv and you need an extension cord for the cable box or any other appliances you may have at an outlet . This was a poor design as all that had to be done was to reverse the locations of the plug and receptacle on the unit.The unit has no memory . When unplugged it loses everything . You have to crawl under desks , behind furniture etc etc to read the numbers . Not very convient at all . Definately would not recommend it .
 I am now into on my fourth P3 . All the good comments made are accurate . It does what it is supposed to . But after a while , the voltage becomes inaccurate , it reads higher than it actually is . I can not tell if the other readings are still accurate as I have no way of checking these . I have had to return two units to the dealer and the same thing is happening to another one I now have in use .
 ... and I had such high hopes . According to this thing , none of my appliances use any power at all . I wish.Returning .
 This does the job it 's supposed to ... it 's very useful for figuring out where you 're burring power and what you can do to improve your electricity bill ... , however I find I have to searching for a flashlight whenever I use this . The typical use is to plug it in at the wall , which is typically down low , under tables/desks , behind fridges , etc. . All those places are dark and reading an LCD screen without a back-light will drive you crazy!While I like the basic function of this product , I curse the designers every time I use it for not including a back-light .
 Was disappointed , there where no instructions included with the product . I went to the web site and what they had was hard to understand .
 This team worked for a year , after the measure failed . I did this team calibration several times and the problem return.Example
 The description states that it `` Calculates electricity expenses by the day , week , month , or year '' , this unit does not calculate costs , if you want costs you will have to get out a calculator and do your own cost calculations , shame on Amazon . Some models of this type of unit have this feature built in , but not this unit even though it is being advertised that is does .
 Technically this is a very good device and I find it to be quite accurate in the information it gives me does help me understand and control the power usage of devices in my house . However I have to make one comment that probably wo n't stop anyone from buying it but as an engineer myself , I must protest the ignorance of the design team for such a simplistic project.The Location of this product when it is in use is almost always down at the level of the power outlet . Or perhaps behind the refrigerator or the microwave . Why use people who call themselves engineers failed to provide a backlit display only shows the arrogance and stupidity of those who design products for the general public to use . EL panels that are used to backlight LCD displays are very inexpensive and quite invaluable when working in dimly lit areas where this device is almost always used the display is impossible to read even with a flashlight the text other than the actual power consumed is pitifully small and of course once you pull it out of the wall the data is lost if you use this device in an outlet that you can not directly view the screen you are wasting your time as this stupid design flaw will frustrate you and eventually find its way into the back of your tool shed as totally unusable . Shame on those who decided not to spend an extra $ .12 for a backlit display that would make this one of the best devices of its type , and I would highly recommend it except on average locations it 's impossible to read the display . A flashlight is required , as well as superior eyesight to read the tiny text which is another example of not thinking about the customer for the size of the text is not a cost issue . Frankly I 'd recommend you go somewhere else and buy a product that is built by people who understand how their product is used and who do n't seem to be willing to sit down and design review and discuss all the possibilities of their design.and extension cord is required If you want to be able to read the results of your testing
 Upon testing a new appliance , this gadget produced the following numbers : Volts
 The concept of this device is great . But the reason for the low ratings is that this particular model is designed in a way that limits where you can plug it into or next to . This is because of the location of the three pronged plug on the back of the device -LRB- i.e. it is too far away from the bottom of the device -RRB- . So , I can not plug it in if there is already something else plugged into one of the outlets ! Are you kidding me?You will also have problems with certain surge protectors , depending on how they are designed.So , my question is , did the engineers even use this product?I need to research other devices like this , because I know they make ones that fit it more situations . If anybody has any suggestions , I would love to hear them .
 I bought 4 of these altogether , and found them very useful for measuring electrical loads . However , 2 of them have failed -- the LCD display goes blank . Fortunately , the device is passive , so that attached appliances continue to run , but the information is lost . One of my failed P4400s was returned to Amazon for credit , but another one failed after Amazon 's 30-day limit on returns . I wrote P3 International , but they never responded . Although I love the device , any manufacturer who does n't respond to a customer inquiry like this gets an automatic 0 stars -LRB- 1 in Amazon 's system -RRB- . Update -- all 4 have now failed with the same symptoms .
 The product I got did not work . The meter I got would flash random numbers up to 3000 + watts whether or not anything was plugged into it . The volt function worked correctly . I sent it back 3 weeks ago and I am still waiting for a refund from the Batterycenter .
 I can not describe how cheaply this thing is made . Out of the box the `` Watt '' button did n't work . What 's more , the buttons are those squishy kind where you ca n't tell whether it `` took '' or not . Regardless , I plugged it into a full-sized refrigerator the first night , because the most important function to me was the kwh reading . 15 hours later it said the frig had consumed .68 kwh ! If only ! This thing is just plain wrong . Going back today .
 The Kill A Watt P4400 ceased to function before 12 hours of continous operation @ 10.3 amps . Screen went blank . Wo n't even pass electricity through the outlet . In this design it appears that all of the power is passing through the electronics - not a passive failure . I recommend that P3 consider a redesign using a shunted or inductive circuit so that power is not interupted even when the electronics fail . Fortunately , nothing perishable was being serviced by the Kill A Watt . Lesson learned.The product return was very easy through Amazon .
 I have used this for a couple years to monitor my usage on several appliances including a/c units , tv 's , stereos , computers and found it very informative and even educational . One day while using it simply as a voltage monitor in an unused outlet , I saw the reading begin to climb from 125V to 157V - I was able to confirm with several other meters that this was incorrect . There is no way to recalibrate the device - all the readings and measurement capabilities of the unit are worthless now . One could argue that I got $ 17 of utility out of the device ... . but then it really should have lasted more than 2 years of intermittent use as well .
 The idea behind this product is a good one . I discovered it in a newspaper article and immediately ordered it . The problem is the newspaper had more info on how to operate than the directions that came with the Kill A Watt.Really . . unless your an electrical engineer , I would n't bother . The directions are a mess ... and I bought it for a gift . Of course , I had to cut out the newspaper article and include it .
 The watt meter worked fine for three and a half months and then went bad.There was nothing on the display and no electricity would flow through it . I recommend not buying this particular unit . I bought the next model up -LRB- 4460 -RRB- and hope to have better luck with it .
 If only there could be ZERO STAR reviews.I 'd like to add a +1 to the one-star review by `` M. Fred , '' who in September of '09 summarized his P4400 experience as `` Great device , but 100 % failure rate after 16 months . `` I bought my P4400 from Amazon in March of ' 09 . It worked well for a while , and gave me some interesting information.I went to use it a few days ago , and found that when I plugged it in , the LCD display was noticeably dim and `` shimmery '' in appearance . More to the point , the VOLT display showed a reading of between 158 and 160 AC volts -- surprising , since we live in a pretty much standard 110-120 AC volt area . -LRB- I 'll upload a photo of the display . -RRB- Knowing full well that the device would be well out of warranty , I emailed P3 Tech Support , to see if that had any suggestions , or if this was a known issue.I received a reply inviting me to send the device to them -- along with a `` service fee '' of $ 15 -- and they would repair it.I replied that this was an empty gesture , since Amazon 's current price was just over $ 20 . It would literally cost me more -LRB- after paying for the `` service fee '' and shipping -RRB- to have my old unit repaired than to buy a new one.I 'm tossing my P4400 in the trash , and NEVER buying another P3 product . I only wish the negative reviews of the P4400 -LRB- like M. Fred 's -RRB- had been online when I bought -- I would 've thought twice , and probably not bought it.Be warned -- if you buy this , it most likely will FAIL , and you 'll be out of luck .
 While monitoring electrical usage is a great idea , this product clearly did not work . Display is very dark . Could not read the results . After contact with the manufacturer tech , the only help they could give me was to send it back .
 This seemed to be a good item , It performed well for few months of use . Then I pluged in a wet vac to check the amp draw and it went blank.I emailed the company about a replacement as it was only 9 months old . they stated the warranty is six months , I could ship it to then and pay $ 15 and recive a new unit . On the Amazon site it shows one year warranty .
 This is a simple & affordable unit that you plug your 120v appliances into and get various electrical information.Works well , look for better prices on other sites , I 've seen it for $ 16 . There are 2 problems with the Kill-A-Watt :1 . It only works for 110-120VAC , not for 220-240VAC .2 . When plugged into a double outlet wall plug , it is so large that it will not allow anything else to be plugged in on the other socket .
 The P4400 Kill A Watt is a very useful device for measuring the power consumption of appliances . It measures volts , amps , watts and watt-hours exactly as advertised . Unfortunately mine failed after about 6 weeks with an open circuit condition and no reading on the display . Apparently the unit is under engineered or under built since others have also reported the same issue . It is probably OK for light duty occasional use but nothing more than that , and not in a critical application .
 I wanted this item to compare electrical usage between different appliances . I am not an electrical or mechanical genius , but I thought it would be easier to use than it is . First of all , since it has to be plugged into the wall outlet , it can be difficult to get in place , & then difficult to impossible to read . We made a `` pigtail '' to eliminate this problem , but I still do n't always know what the results are telling me . No instructions to speak of does n't help . It may work for contractors , but not for everyday people
 The device stopped working a few short moments after it was plugged into the wall . Buy at your own risk .
 Used it for about a week , then it stopped working . Outlet is partially melted/burnt like others that have posted and the screen is all discolored.Horrible , horrible product , glad my house did n't burn down because of it .
 Because of its size and shape , there are very few places this device can be plugged in without displacing other plugs . Thus , to use it in my entertainment center -LRB- TV , DVD player etc. -RRB- is impossible . To use it for my refrigerator requires unplugging other appliances that share an outlet . The device should have a cord coming out the back . In fact , one could purchase a very short extension cord , connect it to the back of the unit and solve this problem . But why should you have to ?
 My biggest problem with this product is the bullet point in the description , - Calculates electricity expenses by the day , week , month , or yearthe implied subject of that statement meaning the device and my assumption that it would be able to do such calculations instantly - for you.Unfortunately the way this device is meant to work , which was n't made clear to me in its description , is you1 . plug this device into a wall AND THEN2 . come back in a day , a week , a month , or a year and see how much energy has been used by that outlet measured in watts , volts , amps - all fairly meaningless units of measurements for someone like me without a degree in electrical engineering and very little recollection of high school science.Not very useful considering it 's design will automatically take up two sockets even though it only needs to be plugged into one . If you 're interested in finding the energy usage of multiple electronics long term you 'll either need a bunch of these devices plugged in throughout your home or a passion for math problems/Microsoft excel to help you convert and keep track of watts over time divided by kilowatts , times your kilowatt hour rate ... Yeah , I could do all that , but for $ 25 you 'd think the manufacturer could add in some variables to help you calculate energy usage on the fly.Basically I learned exactly what I needed to know from the comments for this product without needing the Monitor - the bigger the electronics the more energy they use , so try not to leave them running longer than you need or the cost will add up fast . Now go buy a smart surge protector or an outlet timer and actually start conserving energy .
 The product does what it says it does and meters power consumption , as well as is useful for telling if power to an outlet is fluctuating if you watch it real-time . My biggest problem with this device as well as the other version of it is that it turns one power-plug into two . With a simple design modification this could have been easily overcome . In addition to it wasting an outlet , you also really need a 6 '' to 12 '' extension cord to really integrate this into systems for monitoring current consumption . Having to daisy chain extension cords or power strips though ... this product just creates potential trip and fire hazards as well as clutter your space.On a plus side I guess . . the very poor form design may help you reduce power because you have only one outlet to use vs. two .
 This is a piece of junk , you ca n't view the data unless you have it plugged in , so for me , when I plug it into small or hard to get at places , or when I use bigger plugs -LRB- like the Air conditioner which the plug covers the display on the unit -RRB- I ca n't even read it , and if you unplug it , it loses all the data you were looking at.So even if you can manage to read it while plugged in , it does n't really tell you anything useful , it just hasmeaningless stats.Waste of money .
 I found this to be a total waste of time and money . I was very difficult for me to understand the directions -LRB- what there was -RRB- . It is very hard to read the display . You have to be right in front of it - most of my outlets are either close to the floor or under cabinets - both places were it is difficult for me to position myself . Even when I was able to read the display , I really am not sure of the interpretation .
 This inexpensive watt meter produces amble information about the type and amount of power we use . I have it hooked up to a cellar dehumidifier and hope the power costs will help us decide whether to get a more cost efficient machine . It is very easy to use and read .
 This one does not calculate cost , you have to do that yourself ! The other one P4460 does . I did n't know there was a difference until I got this one as a second unit , so I returned it . The other is well worth a few more dollars more IMO .
 This product worked good for about 6 months ... had it on a circulator pump so i could figure out how much it affect my electric bill ... checked on it one day and the unit was dead . Would not buy this again .
 I purchased this unit about 6 months ago . It worked fine , giving me information about how much electric power wasbeing used by various items in standby and active modes.I recently used it again and found it malfunctioning.The various readings were ~ 197Volt , 33Watts & 1.3 Amps withnothing connected.Ya get what ya pay for ...
 After about five uses , it started registering my household voltage as 175V and 24A on a 120V 10A refrigerator . The manufacturer said it was a calibration problem and that they would not fix the device or refund my money . They said to go after Amazon.com . What a piece of garbage with horrid support .
 Mine lasted two weeks . Then it began to indicate 60 watts with nothing plugged in .
 Make sure you get the other version of this product . This version -LRB- the 4400 -RRB- does not project electricity costs!The `` EZ '' version , theP3 International P4460 Kill A Watt EZ Electricity Usage Monitor , is more useful as it projects your electricity costs .
 This was nice for the price , and gave me a good indication of the cost of my appliances . I would have liked it to retain a memory of the wattage by using a battery , even if the memory only lasted a few minutes because you find yourself having trouble reading the information on the device when it is in a hard to reach area.I bought this probably 3-4 months ago and now it no longer works , it cut the power off to the devices that were connected to it also . I would not mind paying a little more for a more reliable device .
 This product does not come ready to use nor does it come with any detailed instructions . Save your money and buy something that comes more user friendly even you have to pay a few dollars more !
 Lets assume you bought this device and it works just fine.So , now knowing the energy consumed by all your appliances , what do you do with this information?Your having this knowledge is not going to reduce your energy use in and of itself.Are you going to wash your clothes less , watch less TV , rely on candles . Replace all your appliances with new energy efficient ones . You could do all this without this device or the data it gives you.So ... why bother ?
 DO N'T BUY THIS ... I read the review and thought this would save me work and some math , I was wrong . This product reads like it will calculate your power usage -LRB- hour , day , week , etc. -RRB- it does n't they do n't even give you the formulas to figure out the information the `` large LCD '' gives you . SAVE YOUR MONEY , the power usage numbers that come with the product will serve you just as well
 Maybe I got the only faulty unit ever built , but its complete junk . Totally inaccurate . Often more than 25 volts high when measuring household current . -LRB- Yes , i did verify with voltage meter -RRB-
 It did n't come with any meaningful instructions , and I ca n't figure out how to use it effectively . Too many options , and I do n't know enough about electricity to figure out which one -LRB- s -RRB- to use to get the information I need .
 I bought one from Amazon . It did not work . The instructions were horrible . To Amazons credit they accepted the return hassle free .
 The design blocks both outlets . So to get a reading on say the refrigerator , I would have to also disconnect the radio or other device using the second outlet . Putting the plug at the top and the readout on the bottom would free-up the other outlet , and still provide the information I was seeking . Not practical .
 After a little over a year my meter is giving false readings . Repair cost is more than purchase price . I wo n't buy another one . It 's not worth it .
 This product plugs into the wall and blocks BOTH outlets , even though there is only a single outlet on front . That 's stupid and poorly designed .
 I experimented with this using known values . For some examples , I plugged in a 75 watt light bulb and its readout said it was using 68 watts . On a 60 what bulb , it read 60 . On a 40 watt bulb , it read 38 . On a 25 watt bulb , it read 23 . I have an LED night light that its specs states it uses between 1 and 2 watts but this watt meter said 0 . I have an incandescent night light that is rated at 7 watts but the watt meter read 2 . I tried it on 3 TVs and compared the watt meter readings to the manuals specs . The 1st TV manual states it uses 280 watts but the meter read 154 . The 2nd TV is rated at 175 watts and the meter read 100 . The 3rd TV is rated at 160 but the meter said 125 . If you do the math , you can see that the percentage of error is not even consistent . I tried it on the TVs with them turned off to see what they drew for their instant on feature and it read 0 for all 3 TVs . If any of you try this experiment I 'd like to hear your results .
 This item sucks . It stopped working after a few months . I do n't even know how to go about returning it.don ' t purchase .
 Was excited to get this , but it is way too labor intensive for me for ease of use . Wrote to company , since came with no instructions . Have to leave it plugged in to appliance for some longish unexplained time , then check with local electric company bill to see how much it costs per killowatt hour . Maybe for a more obsessive person , definitely not for me .
 The item does not work . It gives no readings therefore it is a complete waste of money . Since P3 's website does not even have an operational manual for it , it may be an obsolete model being sold by Amazon .
 Sounds like a good idea , but to monitor the electricity usage of individual appliances and gadgets and keep track of the info so as to try to save a bit of energy is really too fussy to be practical . Some may find the time to do it and you may enjoy it . Good luck .
 It implies it will calculate costs per day/month/year , but , in fact , YOU must apply readings against utility rate to figure your costs . Most utilities have so many add-on costs , e.g. , fuel surcharges , etc. , that it is nearly impossible to really grasp the accurate cost of usage . Also , yet another product made in CHINA , that we could easily make in the USA .
 Product over priced , the only buttom I uses is the watts per hour . For the average commsumer the other buttoms are useless .
 Not watt i expected !! Hard to understand !! also ca n't see the monitor very well !! O well !!!
 The product I received was dead on arrival . . nothing displayed on the LCD screen -LRB- although the plugged in appliance did work -RRB- . This was probably just a lemon , but product support was very unhelpful in resolving this issue - my emails and phone messages were never returned , so my faith in the company is not particularly high at the moment .
 I agree with many of the other reviewers . The electrical prongs need to be moved closer to the edge of the unit so it does n't block the second outlet of the wall plug . The Kill A Watt also needs a backlight . It 's virtually impossible to see if the units are Watt or VA -LRB- both operated by the same function button -RRB- without getting down on the floor with a flashlight . The device does provide the data it advertises , but it 's very hard to read the values and know what function is being displayed .
 The manual is 7 bullets , less than 1/2 page and one diagram . The disclaimer is longer than the manual !!!! I plug it in and it starts blinking and beeping when I turn on the device it 's plugged into ! Does this mean it has found a problem like a open ground circuit ? Does it mean I should be using a different setting ? Does it mean the device draws more amps than the unit is designed for ? Or does it simply mean its taking a reading ? UNFORTUNATELY , BEEPING AND BLINKING ARE NOT ONE OF THE 7 BULLET POINTS SO I 'M WAITING TO CALL THEIR NON-800 TECH SUPPORT NUMBER !!!!! -LRB- The on-line PDF manual is the same worthless single sheet in digital form -RRB- The product description states '' ... You can calculate your electrical expenses by the day , week , month , even an entire year . Also check the quality of your power by monitoring Voltage , Line Frequency , and Power Factor ... . BUT you have to figure this out since the manual does not tell you how to convert its readings to '' ... calculate your electrical expenses by the day , week , month , even an entire year ... '' your on your own for that one ... like you are for figuring out the quality of your power because it tells you only the button functions but nothing else ? It will display frequency in HZ but how far off of 60.00 HZ is bad or an indication I might need to call an electrician or the power company ? It gives RMS voltage but the manual does not tell you how far above or below your service 115 Volt or 120 volt is bad ? etc etc etc.Product advertising is pointed towards the home user but the manual is for the professional electrician but even fails them when it fails to indicate what blinking and beeping is all about !
 This is a simple little product really , but it does what its supposed to do . And I would have given it 4 stars based on that ... BUT ... what idiot designed this thing ? It takes up both outlets because of the way they placed the prongs . They are too far toward the middle of the device so it extends over the other outlet . What 's with that?And it would have been really nice if they made the plug swivel so it could extend off either end and also work better with surge protectors , etc. .
 Probably would not have returned this if it did not cover both outlets when plugged in . Item is relatively difficult to use and requires some research before being able to determine electrical consumption rates for varying items . Digital output is easy enough to read . Would prefer an item that I can simply enter the cost per watt for my house and have the product display cost per hour , etc. .
 I am on my third one in a year , and it just died.Too bad . A little quality control would make it a useful product .
 In 1997 I bought one of the Leatherman Super Tools . It has been a great asset as I have done work running network cable and have had to strip , cut and otherwise crimp to get the job done . I liked the Super Tool so much I bought one as a gift for my father and being an avid fisherman he has carried his around for years now on his belt . Several years ago I decided it would be nice to add another leatherman to my tool set . I liked how the Wave looked and the idea of having the blades easily accessible on the outside while the tool is closed . While this was a nice feature the execution has left much to be desired . Only a few months after purchasing it the internal tools became so loose they were constantly flipping out while I would try to use the pliers . The other issue is that the internal tools do n't lock in place so when I need to put pressure on a screw I find the screw drivers folding back into the Wave . Finally , while the fold away tools are loose the pliers are anything but loose and require more force and open no where near as smoothly as my Super Tool almost 14 years later still opens as smooth as butter . After enjoying the Super Tool all these years I am finding myself disappointed with the Wave .
 I bought this light for my husband from a local Borders store . What a disappointment ! It has very poor light , and only one setting for brightness . Must be a new style . The enclosed pamphlet says there are two settings for brightness , but a sticker on the outside of the packaging says that it has a new one setting for brightness . Not a good idea , as that one setting is not bright enough , OR we had a defective light . Back it went to the store . We are thinking about checking out the Phorm light .
 We are so disappointed . I ordered a LightWedge Original for each of us , as we like to read in bed , on airplanes , etc. . They just arrived last week . We so wanted to love this product . However , it does n't illuminate the whole page as described but just radiates one thin pale strip of light at the spine and around the edges , plus it throws a couple thin horizontal strips of light across the page . Talk about eye strain ! I see some of the happy reviewers mentioned having two brightness settings . Our model has only an `` on/off '' switch . I expressed my disappointment & displeasure in an email to the manufacturer but got only a response suggesting we 'd either used old , weak batteries or inserted them wrong . I replied that the batteries were fresh from the package , etc. , but have had no further communication from them.This product is woefully overpriced for what you get . I 'll be shipping them back to Amazon and asking for a refund .
 The product tittle says 6 inch 30 teeth , the picture shows 61/2 inch 18 teeth , what was shipped to me was the 61/2 inch 18 teeth .
 This product is really nice but when I 've seen them before you could shake it and hear liquid moving around inside . . with this one there is no effect , and its also not that heavy .
 I had bought one similar to this one 10 years ago in a mall and wanted another one . This one is poorly made . When you open it the exposed edge is so sharp you could hurt yourself on it . And the inside `` hiding well '' opening is so small you can not fit anything larger than a quarter inside . I was trying to save time by buying this online . Looks like I will be making a trip to the mall to get a usable can safe .
 I do not recommend . Bought two sets of two ... for a total of four . The overall quality of what I received seemed much less substantial than the power-surge-store-damaged ones I needed to replace . So far , I have only installed one ... that took up the time I would have normally used to install all four ; and the one that is installed does n't work right , even after replacing the entire lampholder . The sensor just does n't seem to get it . I will have to plan another afternoon on the ladder for this project.Directions speak to temporary cover over the daylight sensor ... was not there on any of the sets . So , down the ladder to get some tape to cover that sensor for aiming tests . Also , the drop length on the motion sensor head is too short ... making aiming problematic once the lamps are in place . Either the lamps can point to an area ... or the bulbs
 You are paying $ 18 + shipping for the little light that lasts about 30 minutes.and extra batteries that you need is the one that goes into watch - expensive -LRB- $ 7 at Savon Drugs . -RRB- Yes , it 's quite bright . But it 's useless.It does n't extend your visual range . It may help you when you 're in total darkness at the expense of $ 7/30 minutes.It 's simply consist of bright LED -LRB- that you can buy at Fry 's electronics for $ 3.00 -RRB- and two batteries.Totally does n't worth it .
 I used the tiller attachment two times for a total of twenty minutes and it seized up after tilling a flower garden with dirt that want that packed down to begin with . I do n't recommend wasting your time or money with this product .
 I have the Poulan Pro PP133 for a year now and have not had a days trouble with I bought the Brush Cutter and Lawn Edger Attachments both are with the moneySo I did not think twice about getting the Cultivator expecting it t do well in my flower beds , I was wrong total waste of my time and Money
 This piece of junk only lasted 30 days . I would never buy another Poulan Product again . All threads were stripped . Wish I had the box and receipt . You would get it back .
 The Poulan cultivator / tiller that I purchased from Amazon worked great for a few hours , but then it broke in two places 1 -RRB- down low where the shaft connects into the cultivator AND 2 -RRB- much worse than this , when it failed , it stripped out the shaft ABOVE the click-link connector ; in the top half of the unit -LRB- the piece that you dont get when you purchase the cultivator / tiller -RRB- into which this cultivator / tiller attaches . So while my engine still worked , NONE of my attachments worked as the receptical into which each connects was stripped by the cultivator / tiller attachment . Needless to say , I was VERY VERY unhappy . While Amazon refunded the money for the Poulan cultivator / tiller , they did not pay to fix the stripped shaft , and I was left to pay to have that replaced myself , a really big hassle.In my opinion -LRB- I am not an engineer -RRB- it seems like the hard work begin done by the cultivator / tiller puts far too much tension into the small spinning rod inside the shaft of the entire unit . Tilling dirt causes a much greater resistance than edging , trimming , or blowing . I am surprised that more folks have n't experienced or reported this issue .
 Needing a mini tiller for my raised garden beds , I purchased the tiller attachment for my Poulan Weedeater . Since raised bed soil is light and reasonably uncompacted , I had no doubt this attachment would be sufficient . And it was ... for 30 minutes ! After it stopped tilling , I dismantled the gear box and discovered that the main drive gear , powered by a worm gear , is made of BRASS ... arguably the softest metal this side of lead . The gear 's teeth were worn down to nothing .
 The wife was working her garden area the first time and loved it , the next time she used it she told me it smelled funny , when I looked at it it was overheating and then the gear box locked up and the tines would not turn any longer .
 Bought this attachment at walmart . Lasted 1 day and then gears began grinding and blades would not spin . Took it back .
 Only used this product twice in a month since I bought it and it is already broken . Hit a small root with it and it fell apart . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 The cultivator is easily jammed with nickel sized stones getting caught between the blade and the bolts that attach the housing . Unfortunately , the flexible drive rod is centered by a nylon sleeve that quickly disintegrated on the second jam . Thus , the cultivator no longer stays engaged . As a senior citizen , I was hoping to use the cultivator to week between my vegetable rows . I did n't get through the second row and the sleeve broke . I took the entire unit to my local Poulan service repair . They just shook their head at the design . They are trying to help me make it operational , but are having difficulty identifying whether the nylon sleeve is only available as part of the entire assembly -- which is big bucks ! Unit was impressive on the shelf but not functional for the average gardener .
 DO NOT BUY !!!! I used mine for less than two hours in soft soil and the large gear in the gear box stripped it 's teeth !
 I bought this two months ago and finally got around to using it . I 'm pretty impressed with it for what it is.Don ' t get me wrong , it will not replace a 2 hp honkin ' tiller , but for a small garden and with not-so hard soil , this will do just fine on a good power head -LRB- I have the Poulan Pro PP133 -RRB- . It does a better job of mixing compost , manure , topsoil and humus together than a metal rake . It will also dig a pretty good chunk into lighter soils . I have a lot of clay here , and I had to wet the clay down a little before it would really rip it up , but it did it.Overall , I like it and would recommend it for the situations I described . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Update 7/17/12The plastic slot that holds the shaft from the power head is garbage . It stripped out while tilling up my garden . It 's bascially worthless at this point . In addition , the tiller head itself gets stuff tangled in it easily and that also makes it worthless .
 We tilled up a few small beds when the shaft broke off from the cultivator . It did a good job when it was together . I notice this happened to another reviewer . Seems like Poulan needs to take this one back to the drawing board .
 I bought these pads and thought that they would be comfortable . Not a chance !! The straps bind up behind the knees and pinch your skin between the slot if you wear them with shorts . The top lip is n't high enough to keep your knees in the pad while crawling around . The gel pads look thought out as they come in left and right sides but I do n't know what McGuire Nicholas was modeling when they came up with that idea ?? They seemed to rock my knee side to side . I did fight though it though and wear them even until one of the gel pads popped and went flat . I felt like calling McGuire Nicholas and telling them a thing or two but I do n't have the time during the week . Do these companies ever ask the tradesmen what makes a good knee pad ?? Guess not . I found the Nailers brand with gel to work for me . The velcro straps need help though . Still searching !!
 I purchased these knee pads expecting them to be very similar to the ones I had been using for 18 months and had worn out . These are extremely cheap versions of what was advertised . The gel pads are thin and and they are not placed properly . This plus the fact that my previous knee pads were designed to be worn on a particular leg and these are not even though the ad shows a R for right leg . Very disappointed .
 The item that was shipped to me was a poor substitute for the item shown in the photo and described . What you get and what you order is the same item number , but what you get is of poor quality without the open straps that prevents binding behind your knees . Also the knee pads are shown to be formed , but they are just not of the quality of other McGuire Nicholas products that I have purchased nor are they what is advertised here . Save your money and buy something else .
 Ugly . Very dim . Not visible after a few minutes . Save your money and do n't buy this . Not much else to say .
 When this glue dispenser came I opened it and was a little disappointedthe quality is not what i would say good . the plastic is very thin , and the coverdoe 's not seal well .
 I bought this to plane some doors to size . I expected that I would get a good quality tool that had reasonable adjustments to make it accurate . What I got was a poor quality tool that ca n't plane consistently . The problems I encountered are
 I was very disapponted to see this the first time when it was removed from the box . The range of movement is limited to 30 Degrees left and right without any quick stops . The degree indents were painted black on a black background this is like not having any reference lines -LRB- you will need glasses -RRB- . I will return this and spend a little more money and get an Incra 1000 .
 The idea is good -- use a finer filter to remove the more dangerous dust . The problem is that these bag filters are not very efficient . You need two bag filters or a bag filter and a plastic collection bag to make it work effectively . If you are going to bother upgrading your dust collector , it makes more sense to buy a good canister filter and mount it on the dust collector . -LRB- You can find one example by searching `` 9e300bl conversion '' on the web . Alternatively look for canister dust filter . -RRB-
 The drill is heavy and uncomfortable - the trim saw was pretty good - The carrying bag is a piece of -LRB- ... -RRB- - I returned it and bought the DeWalt kit - it costs more but is well worth it .
 I am not sure if it is just me but out of the box , I found that at best after 3 or so feet into the cut with the help of a fence consisted of a spare sheet material to guide the base alongside , the saw likes to get stuck , deviates from the straight line , and pretty much messes up the perfect straight line cut . the line deviates from 1/8 to no more than 3/16ths from the line.Material I have used this saw on is 3/4 MDF and plywood . Both have the same results . This is with the stock blade that is included.It seems the blade gets loose over the course of the cut adding to the way it gets off course . I am starting to readjust my methods and using this saw for a purely sloppy -LRB- and slow -RRB- cut and using the same sheet fence on the piece , adjusting that for my VERY RELIABLE TRITON ROUTER to finish the edge.This is probably the first time I truly regret a purchased tool . The official milwalkee edge guide -LRB- sold separately -RRB- for the saw is n't worth anything in my book . I thought I ca n't go wrong with the Milwalkee brand .
 Read all the reviews here and decided to give it a try . The saw I previously used was a 20 years old SKIL saw . Let me tell you , this saw does n't hold a handle to the old SKIL . It sounds like any other cheap saw from Harbor Freight -LRB- kind of rocks instead of bearings feeling -RRB- . Besides , a pretty strong vibration would come and go while you are cutting . I do n't know what I 'm going to choose next , one thing I know for sure , I 'm not going to keep this saw . The hight adjustment leaver got jammed and it took all my strength to loosen it . Bottom line , it would be a good $ 30 saw , not a $ 130 one .
 The seller failed to send the table insert as shown in the product photograph , I wrote to Amazon and received no reply . The photograph of the item shows three components and the ad refers to a kit . In Amazons request for a packing evaluation I mentioned that one piece was missing.Walter H. Klaus
 Ordered the 3 '' Jet Spindle from Amazon after looking at a number of other sources . All sources pair the spindle with a table insert and call it a kit . However , Amazon 's supplier seems to feel it is legitimate to omit the insert even though they use exactly the same picture and description as all other sources of this product . Amazon , of course , claims to be only a by-stander to the whole process . Netx time I will simply buy from a legitimate Jet dealer such as Woodcraft .
 Did not include jet 3 &#34; table insert . Have to go elsewhere to get the insert . Would have been less expensive to have purchased both items together elsewhere . Amazon usually good about watching for this kind of thing , but missed it on this one . Of course you would assume &#34; assembly &#34; included the insert when it does wit other vendors . Very disappointed as a Prime customer . I expect to be protected from this sort of thing by Amazon Prime .
 I own the Hitachi C10FS sliding compound miter saw . I love the saw but hate the fence . It is too low for easy and uncomplicated cutting of crown molding . You have to have a good knowledge of the angles you need to cut inside or outside crown molding corners . With a taller fence you can set the molding in an installed position and then just cut a 45 degree angle . Once again , the saw itself is great .
 The blade is the most inferior and over priced I have purchased . I later found a carbide excellent quality blade at a local hardward store that is makita brand and carbide for only $ 80.00 I suggest to buyers stay away from this china junk and look for a carbide makita brand blade for the close to the same price .
 I was not real happy with this blade . It is not as thick as the original balde and therefore needs sharpening more often .
 I am a proffesional roofer and after reading the great reviews i decided to get one of these and see how nice it actually was . Very dissapointing the only + is that it can pull nails which is way slower than useing your hammer . There is about 5 guys total that work with me and this is the only fork that is left in the trailor everyday . The ProShingle D grip fiberglass fork seems to work better , atleast at pulling nails . If you know what your doing the good old fashion fork in my opinion is the way to go . Costs about $ 10 and will last years , compared to $ 65 and it just sits in the trailor .
 Absolutely not worth the price . Doesnt work any better than a ten dollar potato fork . Too heavy . Only plus it is good for is pulling nails .
 The item is not what it appears to be in picture . The lip is too wide for my purposes of installation on a slant .
 OK product . Worst thing about it is it 's made in China . Given the state of employment in the US , it seems there should be more effort to source products from the US using US labor .
 Hard to believe that brushes can be screwed up , but what can you say when almost on every use I have to pick bristles out of the glue . I wasted money on this one , maybe as I pick thru the bag I will find a few that were made properly .
 Unit is vsry fragile , Purchased 2 and both were broken in exactly the same spot.Wagner needs to step up and fix this problem !! Amazon was outstanding as usual in the replacement although a bit slow with the refund .
 This gun is very expensive but also breaks easily . The gun was broken after the first day of using it in the jobsite . I was so frustrated .
 I purchased the Wagner HVLP conversion gun after reading several positive reviews from this site as well as others . In fact , most appear correct . The gun does produce a decent spray pattern and can produce a good finish . Cleaning the gun is also rather easy . Why the low score ? Like so many low-priced products coming from overseas targeting the price-obsessed consumer , it suffers from excessive cost cutting.An always telling clue is the survivability of the product . After a two foot drop onto the carpet , the gun leaked air . Ok . So , try to tighten the connection . Oops . The handle snapped off like I had been holding a twig . Why did it snap ? The plastic handle revealed an extremely thin tube inside . Am I surprised it snapped with such a mild force ? No . Am I surprised they decided to cut such corners ? Yes . The rest of the product is reasonably well made -LRB- though heavy and a little large -RRB- . Why cut use such a thin tube when the rest of the product appears to be one step up . What 's the cost ? One dollar ? If it could n't withstand a weekend woodworker , then I do n't think it could stand up to any usage . I decided to go with the Apollo 5110 and I 'm happy with it 's build quality and results . It 's more expensive , but the gun will outlast me and can be converted for turbine use later .
 This gun has a serious problem , the `` air tube '' is thin-wall aluminum and structurally supports the plastic handle . It gets stressed , fatigues , and snaps right where it enters the metal body . Even if you find the part , replacing it is very difficult , because Wagner glues it in !! Another problem is the clunky fluid control , you have very little control and can not reduce or increase the fluid flow beyond a tight range . All in all , the gun functions adequately if everything is within specs ... . perhaps it will even last long enough to finish a single project -- that was not the case for me .
 This does not clean down deep ! After using it until the water ran clear , as per instructions , I had to hand squeeze and rinse as much as I usually do without this gizmo . If you do n't thoroughly clean your brushes you will soon be buying new ones . I did n't try it on roller covers , because I usually just toss them out .
 This is a decent little tool box but the size is rather small . The top plate is metal of some type but is not painted black ; it is chrome . The entire rest of the box is plastic . Other than a very misleading description it is OK . The 11 cent savings makes it over priced .
 i orderd wood and metal blades and recived wood and plastic blades this is simply wrong
 holes do not line up for american fender stratocaster . not even close . looks nice . but if it dont work it dont work . like my ex wife .
 I ORDERED THIS PART NUMBER AND THE ITEM I RECIEVED DOESNT RESEMBLE THE BLADE SHOWN HERE . ITEM I RECIEVED HAS THE STAR CENTER HOLE . . BELL SHAPE AND THE DIAMOND BAND IS THINNER AND DOES NOT WRAP AROUND THE FLATTENED SIDES . . SAME PRICE . INTENDED USE WAS TO REMOVE SANDED GROUT AROUND A KITCHEN SINK . BLADE STOPPED CUTTING AFTER ABOUT SIX INCHES . REPOSITIONING THE BLADE SEVRAL TIMES LET ME FINISH ABOUT A FIFTH OF THE SINK -LRB- 4/20 SIX INCH TILES -RRB- BEFORE THE BLADE WAS TOTALLY USELESS .
 The Makita 2703 is a decent saw for the money . It 's $ 200 less than some of it 's competitors , and it 's rather light . The blade raises an impressive 39/16 '' above the table with the adjustment knob vastly easier to operate than the old 81/4 '' Makita . It has a good brake , shortening that dangerous wind down time . There is good visibility of the on/off switch through a portal . The saw has no telescoping fence , which is good if you plan on getting the Rousseau table as I did , or just want to keep it simple.The saw is not without considerable problems , one of the most frustrating being the fence . When I just need to make a quick cut and do n't want to set up the Rousseau , I 've found that the Makita fence rocks back and forth out of square with the table surface . It also does not clamp parallel to the blade unless you measure front and back every time . The undersized mitre slots limit your aftermarket mitre gauge/featherboard options . The lack of soft start is also unfortunate , as the instant , screaming full power is grating . Also , the cuts are rough . I have yet to check or remedy the runout or blade wobble , and I intend to find a compatible blade stabilizer , but until then cut quality is outperformed by the old 81/4 '' . I 'd recommend this saw for general use , but the accuracy required in professional finish carpentry taxes this saw , and all too often I turn to a coworker 's saw for the more important cuts . I may change my mind after getting a stabilizer and tuning up the saw , but right now I 'd have to say I would not buy it again .
 I made less than one lap around my yard with this product and it broke . I called the company and was told my only option was to have it repaired . I took it to an authorized repair shop in Early Dec. . The shop still has the product .
 The sweeper is very easy to assemble . The instructions are easy to follow . All of the parts are of good quality . My disappointment started when I first used the sweeper . The hopper has a 12 cubic foot capacity . However , as the clippings are swept into the hopper , it begins to spill out of the front when only about 1/3 to less than 1/2 full causing very frequent stops for dumping . Soon after my first use , the wheel that drives the brushes began to `` lock up '' unexpectedly , creating big long divots in the yard . I lubricated the wheel , but to no avail . When the item was working , it was OK . But the two or three times I used it behind my ride-on mower , it caused more problems than it solved . The item is too big to disassemble and return easily . I 'm not sure what to do at this point .
 This product is a good idea , but the magnets that close the screen do not pull it tight enough throughout the length of the screen to ensure bugs are kept out . The same could be said about the bottom of the screen .
 I 'd been using my brother in law 's grex pinner for a big moulding job and it worked amazing . He has the one that uses up to 2 '' pins . I decided that I could use the more affordable one and got the 635 , using up to 13/8 . Now it seems that 1 out of 20 of the pins does not go in far enough . I oiled it and continued the job with the same problem . My advice is to pay more up front as it will pay off in the end .
 purchased this gun from amazon , because of all the great reviews , thought I would give it a try . what a let down . after about 9 months it would dry fire pretty bad , gradually getting worse -LRB- and yes I oiled it regularly -RRB- . After a year , it would n't shoot at all . Checked my receipt for repairs , and sure enough , warranty had went out 1 week prior . I own about a dozen nail guns -LRB- professional cabinet builder -RRB- and never had a gun last this short of a time . Bought a Bostich for 1/2 the price . Do n't always get what you pay for .
 well this light does fold up quite small but i have several problems with it
 It 's a great light and focuses well but , before you buy , you 'd better look at the cost of those replacement batteries !
 I was in love with my Phorm Light Voyager CCFL Booklight which is no longer made ... ARGH ! So I bought this one and although it looks good and sits well , it sucks up the batteries . The light flickers just a touch but after one long night of reading , the battery is sucked to useless . Batteries are n't cheap for this and going through 2 a week is absolutely irresponsible . If they had an adapter so that I could plug it in when I am near an outlet , I 'd be giving it a much higher review but since it is fairly useless and a drain on the environment to use so many batteries and to have to throw this into the landfill , I can only give it one star . I am back on the quest to find one designed like this one but can be plugged in as well as use batteries . Somewhere is another perfect booklight but this is n't it !
 Do n't buy this garbage - it broke after only 2 uses ... : - -LRB-
 I recently bought this book light as the new bedside lamps we purchased are not suitable for reading in bed . It seemed like a good idea but the light cast was low . It would cover about a page but not both requiring moving the light constantly as you were reading from page to page . On bigger than paperback size books the bottom of the page was poorly lit . It also did not have a strong clip thus making it a little wobbly on the book . I plan on returning it this weekend
 This is a comfortable light to use and the light itself is easy to read by and does not disturb my slumbering spouse , but unfortunately the thing just does n't work reliably . The issue is the push button switch . When it works , it could take five or six clicks -- or it could take twenty . Or it might not come on at all.If it worked , I 'd be a happy camper . But it just does n't .
 I received this blade can be only used for 20mm arbor . I had NO USE of it . Seller did not provide enough information , it wasted my time and money .
 Unless you 're desperate to have low voltage lighting , do not get this product . I bought it impulsively because I wanted to use halogen lighting on this one picture in my living room . Sounded good , instant installation meant instant gratification . Plus it was cheap , 20 bucks on sale here . Well , what I got were sort of as advertised , the self adhesive track , lights , and the transformer . However , the picture does n't show just how cheap the track or lights are until you hold them in your hands . The installation was not as easy as it advertised because the track was extemely sticky -LRB- I guess that was the point for an `` easy '' tooless install -RRB- which made it impossible to do a complete straight line . After I finally slapped the track onto my wall , I attempted to clip on the lights which required quite a bit of force as the clamps were n't flexible at all . In the process , I cracked two of the lovely frosted plastic shades . After about forty minutes , I plugged it in and there was light ... for about 15 minutes and then the transformer shut itself down . So I tinkered and tinkered and finally realized the transformer basically died . Since it was so cheap , I decided to just chuck it all away . So I used a dental floss and a blow dryer to remove the track as recommended but the track simply refused to budge . I ended up just tearing it along with chunks of my drywall off . All in all , it was n't a fun experience and learned that yet again I really did get what I paid for .
 I bought a set to install over a series of paintings only because the alternatives seemed so much more expensive and required professional installation . I found the track hard to handle . It would be near-impossible to install without another person to help . The worst part of this system is the cheap light fixtures . The metal tabs that snap over the track are fragile and unforgiving . I accidentally bent one trying to install the light , and when I tried to bend it back it flew off . Project ruined . Do n't waste your money ! You 'd be better off eating baloney sandwiches for a week and paying to have a QUALITY fixture installed .
 I installed a set over my kitchen sink . I had no problems with the wiring as some others have , and the set really looked nice . I especially liked that I could run the cord down the wall to an available power outlet . Well , it worked fine for about 9 months , then the transformer died.Out of warranty , I emailed Westinghouse from their web site . I never received a reply and now I see that Westinghouse apparently no longer makes this item . No replacement transformer/switch available either . No small wonder why.So if you want something to throw up quickly to sell your house , this would certainly add some appeal to unsuspecting buyers . If you need it to last you any amount of time at all , forget it.Now I get to try to take the wiring off the kitchen wall . After reading other buyer 's stories , I do n't look forward to this step either .
 This item is not as pictured -- it was a kit for hardwiring . I need a kit for instant lighting .
 I have purchased these for my kitchen and only one look at it made me change my mind . Quality is really bad , maybe something for your garage cabinets , but certainly not the kitchen . End up returned all.Defintely not worth full retail price .
 I bought one of these locally to hang drywall in a couple of remodels I 'm doing . After going through a box of screws trying to convince myself that I must be doing something wrong , I 'm going to return it . The gun frequently bogs down and stalls . On a freshly charged battery driving screws into the `` field '' the gun will stall roughly 1 in 10 times , forcing me to go back with cordless drill to manually set the screw . After about half a strip of screws on a battery or when driving screws into corners where it is difficult to get the gun to align perfectly straight the success ratio drops significantly.I called Senco tech support to see what they had to say about this . I told them I was hanging 5/8 '' drywall with 15/8 '' screws into both old -LRB- redwood -RRB- and new replacement -LRB- fir -RRB- rafters and studs . They told me that had I called them first they would have recommended a higher torque screw gun or one of their corded guns.For 1/2 '' drywall with 11/4 '' screws this screwgun may be fine , but its certainly too wimpy for my application .
 The thin metal bar that drives the nail down was broken upon arrival . So I would have to give it the lowest rating .
 Even though this item comes up as frquently purchased togeather when buying a new Paslode Li Ion trim nailer they do not work in this nailer . Also not a returnable item . Can then be used as paper weight to remind you not to follow purchased togeather suggestions .
 I had the same bad exerience as several others . The gun has some good features but after a couple hours use something goes wrong , e.g. , driver will not retract , every other nail bent , will not drive nails all the way . I have had it apart several times and put new O-rings in once . After a few magizines of nails it started acting up again .
 I have been using the DeWalt D51845 framing gun for 2 years and it has been a huge pain . I own at least a dozen other DeWalt tools and love the weight , balance and durability of all of them ... except for their big framing gun . It would constantly misfire - clearing jams was pretty easy with the removable clip and the attached hanger clip was nice ... well , it started leaking air 3 days ago and quit at the end-of-day the following day . I bought the Hitachi NR83A as replacement and it is awesome . It worked great with no jams and has good balance .
 For $ 200 + you would expect this to work well , it does n't . I should have went to Harbor Freight and bought the cheap chinese one instead for $ 80 . The dewalt does not fire consistently , frequently jamming . My guys have exclusively went back to hammers .
 I ordered this March 9 . Recieved it a week later . Did n't use it for 2 more weeks . Build one wall in by basement and the driving piston started freezing , check oil , good , reset , drives one nail and the piston is stuck again . Checked all normal items , pressure , connections , oil , mechanicals , etc. . This thing sucks .
 I purchased this nailer and used it in the majority of the nailing in two residential projects over nine months . Right out of the box the nailer was double firing -LRB- two nails in one shot -RRB- . Although I kept it oiled daily , double firing and misfiring because the norm for this nailer using 3 '' nails . I also had major problems with jamming ... not just minor jams , but jams where two nails would get stuck in the chamber which was very time consuming to remove . With 3-1/2 '' nails , the problems grew much worse . I bought several different brands of nails over then next couple of months , but had the identical problems with them all . It became a very frustrating tool and was not very dependable . I tried bring it in to a Dewalt dealer for a repair , but I was told that nothing was wrong with it . Finally , after nine months of fighting with this thing , it slid off a rail and the air inlet broke off when it hit the ground.This is my first Dewalt tool and certainly my last .
 We currently run a fleet of six of these guns and we cant keep more than three working at one time . Its either a stuck piston or a bent magazine . These guns just dont shoot very well either . At 120 psi they wont even counter sink 8d 's into OSB sheathing , they leave about half the nails protruding a 1/4 '' . They are light wieght but they are poorly balanced . The nose piece is terrible , we have to jam the saftey 's to make them shoot decently which is not a good thing to do ! Overall these guns just arent up to the demands of jobsite .
 I bought two of the DeWalt D51845 Framing Nailers . If you choose to buy this tool , you must buy two and hire two men . It takes two people , one to use the tool and one to get the other tool unjammed . I 've had these tools in the Richmond , VA service center time and time again and evidently they ca n't be repaired to give unaggrevated use . Each time after repair , I 'm able to get a couple hours use from the tool and then it gives problems . Sometimes it will shoot two nails at once . Then , it gets to the point where it will not recoil to shoot another nail without unplugging the air hose after shooting each nail . I use the recommended air pressure setting on the compressor , drain the compressor several times daily , take care not to let the tool get contaminated with dirt , and oil it frequently . It does n't help . Now I use one tool with aggrevation and I have just set aside the other tool as trash . The service center always tells me that they have repaired the tool and of course charges me for it . I 'm just tired of not having a nailer on which I can depend . My next purchase will be another brand . By the way , both of these nailers are less than two years old .
 I read the previous reviews and I got the impressoin that this nailer `` could '' do the job . Well I was wrong , this nailer went head to head with a bostitch N88ww nailer and I was crushed . The dewalt lacked the power to countersink 31/2 nails into some old pine . The best I could do is get a bearly flush head about 60 percent of the time . I tried adjusting everything I could to get the perfomance I expected from a dewalt tool . This nailer lasted about 30 minutes on site before it was back in the box ready to get shipped back .
 I just purchased this finish nailer and me and the crew are not impressed at all . We currently run Bostitch 's oil-free tools and also have a Senco . The DeWalt tool just does not compare . -LRB- ... -RRB- The tool ships with a rapid fire trigger which seems very dangerous . I challenge anyone to try and drive just one nail into hardwood with this tool . It ends up double or even triple firing ! Now I ca n't let the inexperienced guys use the tool for fear of an accidental shot in either a fine piece of trim or some other unwanted area . I also wo n't let the guys use the belt clip because I worry a tool my catch the trigger and drive a few nails into a leg ! -LRB- ... -RRB- I was also shocked that they did n't use an oil-free system for the tool . The loading is also difficult because for some reason the pusher locks itself back and you have to then unlock it . As far as the weight , it is certainly heavier than the Bostitch . DeWalt claimed it was 3.8 which should equal my Bostitch tools , but it feels about a 1/2 pound heavier . We used one of our clients gun powder scales to weigh the tools and the Bostitch tool weighed 3.6 lbs . That is .2 lbs . under their advertised weight ! The DeWalt tool weighed over 4 lbs. , not even close to their advertised weight . -LRB- ... -RRB- This tool is just not up to DeWalt standards , it seems they are really slipping lately.Trust me , go with the Bostitch . It 's so light , oil-free , and has the slickest jam system on the planet . The Senco is n't a bad choice either if you do n't mind the added weight .
 Boy this thing looks and feels great . Just wish it worked . Retired the PC angle nailer for this one , because the PC weighed as much as my car . The PC also makes a huge hole with each nail . This DeWalt though has major problems each time I use it . I now give up . It NEVER sinks nails all the way , despite the depth adjustment . It double fires more than my bostitch N80 coil nailer , which is known for double firing . It is difficult to load , and the trigger safety moves to the on position if you just breath on it . All in all , a useless , expensive tool . Dewalt makes some glorious tools , but this one just plain stinks . If history is a guide , they will get it right eventually , but only when people stop buying it , or complain enough . Basically , it does not do what it is supposed to do . A MAJOR disappointment , as I love all my other dewalt tools . If people think this is how these things are supposed to work , then they should try other types of these units.Time for the Bostitch N62 or Senco . I 've had it ...
 Very nice tool , light , does n't Clog , and stick like some of my others nailing tools , I do have a hard time finding the nails at a Fail price .
 I bought this when it was on sale @ Home Despot when it first came out and there was a promo on . Let me preface this and say this one has been used by 3 or 4 of us home owners to put in baseboard , crown , and casing as well as a bunch of nailing on some hardwood floors.Let me also state that I have $ 2k worth of other dewalt tools that work beautifully . This is the first and last pneumatic tool though.I noticed that it did have a bit of a tendency to double tap . After using it a short bit , I lent it to a friend . He had a jam -LRB- we 're both been using nothing but Porter Cable nails -RRB- of some sort that broke it . Being a good guy , he assumed it was his fault and paid $ 80 to have it repaired.I got it back in working order , and then promptly had it break again . This time , I called Dewalt service and they said it was an early model and they would replace the piston which had been replaced in later models . They tested it and returned it to me working.I ran through less than a strip of nails , and went to do something over my head , and discovered that it would n't fire upside down . Another trip back to the service center , and it was fixed again . When I took it home , I discovered that they 'd replaced my sequential trigger with the other type.Arrrggh.Anyway , when it works , this nailer is nice and lightweight . It sets nails beautifully . I 'm not fond of the composite nail strip , nor the depth adjust and safety mechanism .
 I 've had this gun for a little over a year and it is a dog . It worked great the first time out but it has malfunctioned in some capacity ever since then . I 've shot less than 300 nails with the gun and the first problem I noticed was the exaust leak . Since the second time I used the tool , it has had an exaust leak . I 've broken the gun down , checked all of the seals , cleaned everything and the problem temporarily goes away but it always comes back . The more recent problem I 've had is the gun stops firing . I have not figured it out but it seems the air releases but the hammer does not . When it happens , I 'll repeatedly bump a scrap piece of lumber until it starts nailing again.I 've maintained the gun well ... oiled it as instructed and really like the weight , balance and the belt hook . It just does not function consistently . I 've since ordered a Senco FP41xp and I 'm hoping it performs much better .
 I bought this gun and was happy with it for the first 1.5 years but it then developed a substantial internal air leak and occasional piston jam as several other reviews have stated . After checking with Dewalt for repair cost I decided to purchase the Milwaukee 7140-21 instead and have been very pleased with it so far . The Milwaukee 7140-21 also has a 5 year warranty and a selectable trigger that is a great feature .
 Buy a new Milwaukee , you 'll be happy . I bought this piece of junk , I 'm not .
 I have gone through 2 regulators all ready . A new one is on backorder . Do not buy this product if you intend to use it .
 i also am having regulator problems with this unit.i am going on my 3rd
 I have been using Dewalt products for a long time and have never had any problems - ever - . Naturally when it came time to get a new compressor , I decided to go for Dewalt as well.Once the package arrived , the air filter was broken and the motor/compressor was not operating . The motor wo n't even turn , it is completely jammed . I considered this an oddity and processed a replacement from Amazon . To my surprise the second unit came with a broken air filter which completely boggles my mind as it is in a protected area and I ca n't see how this could be damaged during shipping . If it was the air filter only , I would have kept it , but the frame on this unit was completely twisted and the face place where the gages are on was completely warped out of shape.I think I have had it with getting a Dewalt compressor ... Needless to say I am very disappointed . I am very impressed by Amazon 's customer service though , the sent the replacement unit 2nd day at Amazon 's cost and they processed the returns very quickly .
 the compressor is a little heavy , but workable . i can use it for multiple guns or a single trim gun .
 the quality of this air compressor will only go downhill . when EMGLO in johnstown , pa . sold the factory to DEWALT , they were building a high quality unit . it did n't take them long to ship this work to mexico .
 I am a contractor and have had this compressor for three years . This is the worst compressor I have ever owned . I have had too many problems with this machine . The main problem is that the unit will not start up at the beginning of the day . It starts very slowly and pops the breaker about a dozen times before the motor reaches full speed -LRB- rpm -RRB- , then it runs fine until it cools down and the problem starts again . I have had the regulator , cold start valve and check valve assembly replaced , but nothing has had any effect . I should have just replaced the compressor for the headache it 's been . I 've called Dewalt to try to find out the problem and they seem to be totally clueless . This just does n't seem to be designed for continious use . If you want a professional quality machine try the Thomas T-2820 .
 After looking a long time for a compressor to do trim work on my home , I decided to purchase the D55155 compressor . The first unit I recieved was damaged in transit , so I got a replacement . The second unit arrived with the motor frozed up . Needless to say that I was not pleased with the wasted time and energy . Amazon decided that they would not send me the third unit , to my surprise . Beware that when you buy this compressor you may have issue with the compressor being damaged or defective due to poorly / cardboard packaging inside the shipping box .
 used this air comporessor to place 500 sq feet of floor and began to leak . had to bring it 3 times to the dewalt service center before they agree that it leaked . I was given a replacement D55155 that began to leak again the first day . piece of junk .
 I too have had the problem of the compressor not starting , tripping breakers , etc. . This compressor has trouble starting and it has been getting progressively worse.Dewalt service center sold me an `` upgraded '' on-board breaker . Did n't help at all . Dewalt service center was no help whatsoever.I 've looked at the high price of replacement parts to start swapping things out . But I do n't think it 's worth it . That money will be better spent on a different brand replacement compressor.This is my only bad experience with a Dewalt branded product . But it 's been so frustrating that I think they have lost me as a customer .
 This compressor could be so good . It 's got good capacity , very compact design , a well-placed carrying handle , the Emglo reputation , the DeWalt service to back it up . But ! The first one I ordered from amazon came with a crushed air intake filter . But we all know UPS 's propensity to destroy everything that comes their way . Since I live near a DeWalt service center , I drove over and they gave me a replacement filter free of charge . Tried to install it and < * ? ^ $ !!? > It would just barely fit between the pressure regulator housing and the motor that it screws into . Hmm . Maybe I just got a bad unit . Thanks to amazon 's excellent return policy , they had UPS at my house the following day to pick up the compressor and _ the_next_day _ a replacement showed up . Opened the box , same problem . If it would n't have been damaged in transit with UPS , it surely would have happened the first time I hit a good pothole on my way to some job with it in the trunk . Amazon chose not to try a third time and issued a refund . -LRB- Which I used on a Makita model - heavier , but quiet ! and runs like a champ , see my review . -RRB- Chalk this up to bad design , yet I 'm giving it two stars simply because such a good percentage of reviewers have had good experiences with this unit , maybe it was an older design that has been updated to save production costs , but > ! ** $ ? < created a compressor too big for its own britches .
 I bought this to supplement my 15 gauge nailer . I would shoot doubles repeatedly from the start . I tried a different brand of 16 gauge nails , and different lengths too , did n't matter . I took it back and they sent it in for repair . A few weeks later the dealer called and said my gun was back . We took it in the back and fired it four times . Three of them were doubles . Long story short I was finally able to make it work by removing the nose piece and filing it down so as to reduce the size of the nose opening . It was so large it could pass two 16 gauge nails easily . I will not purchase another !
 This `` Monster Hook '' is made mainly of plastic and aluminum , the plastic tends to break too easily . Sometimes the rivet pulls through the plastic , sometimes it just breaks in half . I 've been wanting a Bigg Lugg , as it 's all metal , but I cant find one locally , I guess I 'll have to order one . Both are the same price , one is ust made better than the other .
 Note
 Drill was broken at handle and light would not work . If not for the charger in good condition and both batteries in good shape , this could have been a 0 .
 These shades are made of plastic and do n't fit very well on the lamp assemblies . The bulb -LRB- which just slides into the lamp socket -RRB- actually holds the shades on , but only loosely and with a visible gap . They do look better than the bare bulb and reduce the backlight refraction pattern somewhat.It looks like Amazon may have just lowered the price and changed how this item is handled , but I had to pay $ 9.99 plus $ 7.90 for ground shipping from the manufacturer -LRB- since this item evidently did not qualify for super saver shipping a week ago even though my total order was around $ 60 -RRB- After shelling out $ 18 total for these shades , I expected a little more than cheap plastic that probably cost less than 25 cents each to make .
 First , I am very meticulous with my tools . I ca n't recall in 30 years having to replace more than one or two tools . The purchase of this Dewalt portable style compressor has turned out to be an unfortunate purchase.I only used it several times a year for topping off car and bike tires and occasionally to blow dust off stuff . I religiously change the oil and always drain the tanks -LRB- as per Dewalts instructions -RRB- after `` every '' use . But let 's be honest , you ca n't open the tank up and get the water vapor out.So imagine my dismay when I heard a small weeping sound coming from the bottom of the tank . When I turned it over , there 's a small , square hole probably the beginning of corrosion forming from inside the tank . When I called the local Dewalt service center , the rep told me , `` Yeah , the wall thickness on those compressors is basically the thinnest that 's legally allowable . '' That 's nice.This would have been a good compressor if it had n't self-destructed . Now it 's a several hundred dollar boat anchor -LRB- they 're not repairable and it 's out of warranty -RRB- . I suspect that most of the lesser priced `` portable '' compressors are not much different . So if you 're expecting these to last , it may be a bit of a gamble . Maybe some do , mine , when following Dewalt 's instructions to the letter , did not .
 I purchased the compressor through Amazon and had no problems at all . The compressor is everything I expected it to be . I 've used it with my DeWalt brad nailer putting up moldings , and with a rented floor nailer . The compressor worked exceptionally well for both applications . The compressor is not noisey which I was a little concerned with after reading other reviews . I have not used the compressor with a framing nailer but plan to in the near future . I did not realize that there were two types of fittings for compressors and tools , automotive and industrial . You can not interchange the two so decide which ones to go with and stick with that . I do think one or the other is considered standard and I would probably go with the standard . The rental unit had a standard fitting on it , as I was told .
 I returned the DeWalt compresssor because I believe it had been used , probably briefly , returned and reshipped to me . It arrived with considerable oil in the bottom of the carton . When attempting to initiate set up procedure , the owners manual was unclear and necessitated a call to a DeWalt service center . There was a considerable amount of oil in the crankcase , and an ounce -LRB- approx -RRB- of rusty water drained from the tanks when valves were opened ; the service center rep advised that this should not have been the case . Additionally , pressure control valve is difficult to adjust because of location under the handle .
 This compressor does the basics well - compress air . The issues that I have are in the design of the unit .1 . The bleed valve location is on the back of the unit next to the compressor motor , which makes it hard to access and there 's burn potential for hands .2 . The pressure gauge is behind the carry handle so vision is obstructed .3 . The output pressure control valve is tight behind the carry handle .4 . The hose connection faces the compressor motor rather than the front.It does the basics without complaint .
 This compressor kicks out the overload on cold start ups . With an ambient temperature of 70 degrees and above I do n't expect difficulties with start up , but I have to re-set the overload 5 to 6 times with the tanks empty . I had this identical compressor before -LRB- it was stolen -RRB- and I never had a problem with start-up unless it was below freezing.I am quite disapointed with this item .
 I bought this item two years ago . I do n't really use it all that often and it seems to have problems.The two inch Brads Jam . I ordered new parts and installed them and it still jams on 2 '' brads . All other size brads work without jamming . It really cost me a couple of man hours with the 2 '' brad choke . The next garage sale it 's gone . I 'll stay with Bostitch and Senco , they are my workhorses .
 People say that dewalt tools are some of the best tools out there , so thats the reason why I bought this brad nailer . When I recevied it I tried it out . I had problems with it from the start , 18 out of 20 times it miss fired leaving little holes in the wood . I bought the rite nails for it to . The finish on it scratches very easly , so it wo n't take long for it to look very bad . I also went through the troublesooting in manual and it did ` nt help . Dewalt decided to come out with the nailers this year so they have alot of problems to work out yet . There also made in taiwan .
 I bought this gun a few months ago at Lowes . Most of my experience with this gun is with using 2 '' nails . I can report to all that this gun frequently mis-fires -LRB- dry fire -RRB- . Also , the gun does n't always ` reset ' back into the proper firing position . DeWalt has missed the mark with this gun and I would not recommend it to anyone . In my opinion this gun should be recalled . Do n't be lured by the good looks and light weight - the substance is not behing the style . Thank goodness Lowes took this product back - I told the customer service person that it 's a RTV -LRB- return to vendor -RRB- ...
 This product only lasted four days . During that time , the gun would constantly jam / misfire . On the third day , the slide assembly that strikes the head of the nail failed to function properly . I removed the rear cover to find that the assembly became canted within the tube . I had to use a rubber mallet and wooden peg to dislodge the assembly . The gun returned to normal function full of jams and continuous misfires . The next day the assembly canted itself again . I own numerous things made by Dewalt because the name has become irreplaceable to me over the years . It pains me to do this but I can not recommend this nailer by Dewalt .
 I hestitated purchasing this brad nailer from Amazon after reading the reviews , there were so many that were mixed . Guess I like to gamble . Well , it did n't pay off . Received the nailer , purchased 2 '' nails from Home Depot -LRB- no free nails were supplied by DeWalt -RRB- and hoped to go to work . Well , I think that the manufacturing tolerence on the magazine is a bit off . The 2 '' nails would n't slide smoothing in the magazine clip and kept binding . I decided to call DeWalt and spoke to a representive questioning if there was a specific brand of nails I should be using . He told me that it did n't matter and that all brands should work with the gun . I next went on the Amazon site and returned it . Obviously something was wrong ...
 Purchased this gun because of the low price and name , and all it did was skip setting nails . took it into repair shop and still did the same thing so back it went . I purchased a Senco instead and it works great ! Do n't waste your money on this one ...
 I bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas . He just put it to work and he is ready to throw it . It does a nice job , but it jams almost every third nail . He shot is less than 30 times and had to unjam it 8 times . Finally it jammed again and he could n't get it fixed . So ... now he is using the good old hammer . That was a waste of money . I should have given more credit to the bad reviews on here . : - /
 Wow!What a rip offIm a woodworker/installer i use 18 gauge brad nailers quite a bit.Installing trimwork such as crown moulding etc etcI had `` one '' 18 gauge brad nailer for 7 years a hitachi heavy bad boy man i have installed miles and miles of trim with that bad boy has been kicked around dropped etc etc7 years !!! So ... finally it ate s *** must have hit a metal stud not uncommon have done this many many times.Searching for a replacement i opted for this dewalt.i always figure you get what you pay for -LRB- its not cheap -RRB- boy was i wrong.this bread nailer -LRB- might not break nailing bread together.if you can . . lol -RRB- lasted `` ONE '' jobsite.installing 6 `` solid mahogany crown.Really?This $ for 300 lineal feet of crown?Now i past the return date so i cant even return . . STAY AWAY FELLAS!i seen the cheaper 50 $ hitachis those can also take a beaten.Im not a hitachi spokesman but im actually impressedby hitachi.rumors in my industry was that sencos where the best brad nailers.Jeez i domt even know who to rely on .
 I bought this P.O.S. in June ' 04 , so this review is a testament to my cheapness and masochism -LRB- I have suffered this gun for years -RRB- . Before buying I saw some reviews that talked about problems with jams and misfires . But I already had the DeWalt angled 15 ga. 21/2 '' and loved it -LRB- still do -- never one problem and my tools get heavy use -RRB- , so I bought the little 18 ga. gun thinking those other guys ' problems were flukes . I got several months of good use before I starting having problems too
 Bought from amazon for installing interior molding . I have shot maybe 300 nails . 3 Jams . At least one was due to hitting another nail . So it works . I do n't know if it works better then a nail gun half its price.Watch the amazon price it floats above and below the box stores.Update . This thing jams like crazy now . Oiled it every time I used it . Which was like for 10 small jobs .
 This product works as stated for a short time , but after a few hours of steady use , it becomes desensitized and will not respond as it did on previous occasions . The sensitivity screw setting is also MADDENING when it as the hours go on!It is NOT an investment at all in a wood shop , especially if you are in reclamations of antique lumber and trying to protect expensive machinery . Just another $ 70 extracted from the pockets of busy consumers.Forget it ! The only reason why I gave it one star is because it does detect aluminum when it IS working , whereas most beach-comber type detectors do n't . Even fresh batteries do n't effect it when it is having fits of desensitization.Where can I get a Secret Service style detection device ?
 1st -RRB- I left a detailed reply with amazon before ; however , you chose not to post it . In short , do not purchase this metal detector since it is unable to scan deeply into a piece of wood and it 's inconsistant -LRB- device works when it wants to -RRB- . - Scott
 I bought the Wizzard III end of march 2011 and went to use it in May for the first time . Unit would not stay powered up . Replaced battery with a new one and still would not work . As per Wizard Ind. . Instructions I emaild them for a return autherization form . They will not return a reply . Their customer service phone has a massage that says it is not monitored and it will not take messages , goodby . I will turn this over to the BBB but I think I 'm out my $ 150.00 . If I could give this a minus 5 stars I would .
 I have a Lumber wizard I got a while back - it worked for a while but now it does n't work , and having paid $ 100 for it I tried to get it fixed ... You can search all day and night on the internet , call the numbers on the instructions , the company that makes this is now hiding behind some internet distribution outfit that wo n't return e-mails or phone calls requesting info on how to get it fixed.Forget it , no after purchase service at all . Very disappointing $ 100 piece of junk I now own .
 I bought this from Lee Valley woodworking in Ottawa Ontario and I am shocked they would carry this garbage . DO NOT BUY THIS . Mine will not work , period . Nothing . Just like many other people here too .
 I purchased an earlier model of this tool maybe two years ago and was happy with the results over time -LRB- I do n't use it every day -RRB- despite the hassles getting the sensitivity adjusted prior to use . Then ... . I got it out to check some recycled wood -LRB- which I use a lot -RRB- before running it through my planer and it would not work despite several new batteries and attempted adjustments . I also tested the batteries to verify that they were not the issue . With the half dozen times that I used this tool and its cost , I would not recommend it to anyone . Based upon others ' experiences with lack of response from the manufacturer and the tool 's failure I would consider this tool as a very poor consideration .
 Do n't buy this item . I tried 2 Lumber Wizard Metal Detectors and neither one worked . The first just gave a constant beeping sound . I returned that one and received another from Amazon . The second metal detector could be adjusted to work , but the sensitivity kept changing . It would beep constantly , then not beep at all when held near metal . In other words , it would work sporadically . Also , when not in use , it completely drained my battery over an 8 hour period.In short , I was zero for two and can not recommend the Lumber Wizard Metal Detector .
 This is a nice tool and certainly has some value , but it is NOT as described . I 've only tested mine , but it is no where near as sensitive as it is described to be . It makes me curious as to who is writing the reviews . I tested it with a brand new battery and did work extensively with the sensitivity adjustment . First , they claim that it penetrates up 6 '' of wood . I tested it with douglas fur and found that 2 '' is more accurate for a large nail -LRB- 10d -RRB- and 1 '' for a staple . It will detect a large metal object , like a toolbox , from 6 '' away , but I imagine most alert woodworkers would notice if a toolbox were imbedded in a piece of lumber . Second , they claim a large scanning are -LRB- 12 `` x 2.5 '' -RRB- however the actually scanning area is just at the top half -LRB- 6 `` x2 .5 '' -RRB- . I do n't mean to be skeptical , but it seams to be very misleading . Third , for $ 100 you might think that it would come with a case . Finally , if the smaller version of the product , the Little Wizard II metal detector , works as it is advertised for only $ 20 , then I ca n't figure out how this one is worth 5 times as much .
 Used it 3 or 4 times and it did work . Now it just beeps constantly and can not be adjusted . A total waste of money .
 just got my and disappointed as soon as I opened the shipping box . there is no hard case to for carrying it around . the dewalt finish and brad nailers came with the hard cases . I would NOT buy this frame nailer had I read it thoroughly and recognize it does n't come with the hard case . Did n't ship with 1 oz oil as stated
 Go to the hardware store and buy some generic casters . $ 125 for four wheels ? For that price you can buy four 1000lb casters . I bought four bolt on casters for $ 25 from Home Depot . They work just fine , and now I have $ 100 to put toward sandpaper for my 16/32 Sander .
 I bought this tool to detect screws in drywall and it just does n't . It detects only the metal corner reinforcement . -LSB- Money -RSB- wasted . PLUS it requires a battery , which is n't included for some reason -LRB- after 30 years of customer disappointment you 'd think batteries would always be included now -RRB- . Even when you put it in the cart , the cart does n't offer you batteries ... worthless , irritating .
 I tried using this on reclaimed 1 '' thick oak boards and found that the only nails this unit alerted on were the ones I could already see with my own eyes . The blade on my table saw proved to be a lot more effective in locating the nails I could n't see . Save your money and put it toward a much more sensitive unit like a Garrett .
 I purchased this item from a main sportsmen store to check for steel/shot in wild game . It does find metal but only 1/4 '' deep . Any deeper and it wo n't find steel shot . This leaves a lot of meat unchecked unless you slice 1/4 '' pieces.It probably has to due to the size of metal or maybe the density of meat . Seems to work for other people working w / wood seaching for larger pieces of metal .
 Tested it out on an 8 ' long old birch-top workbench . Unit found the screws holding 3/4 '' top to the frame . It also found most of the visible nails that had been pounded into the top over the years . The key word is `` most '' . It could not find a finishing nail embedded in the top corner of the front edge of the top . I could see the nail with the naked eye but this unit did n't know it was there !! I was going to return it but figured for $ 20 I 'd keep it and use it to at least find bigger metallic objects .
 The Lexan scale on the Incra 48 '' Trackplus that I received from Tool King is torn is several places rendering it pretty useless as a sliding ruler . Zero stopping at any point would be a major chore . In the torn places , it is overlapping almost as if they took pieces from 3 different rulers and just stuck them in the track , not even bothering to splice them together . So when you slide it , you need to slide 3 different pieces and then line up the overlaps . I ca n't believe that Incra would send out a product like this , and I can not believe that Tool King would either . Sure , I might be able to splice the thing together myself , but I am so mad at receiving such a bad product that I am not even going to try.Another note
 I had to return two jointers because of serious warpsin the bed -LRB- on the infeed side near the cutting blades -RRB- . After MANY phone calls , and many hours of waiting fortrucks to deliver and pick up -LRB- for example , they tellyou the truck will arive between 9:00 am and 11:00 am , butit does n't arrive until 7:00 pm -RRB- , I finally got asatisfactory jointer about six weeks after the initialpurchase . After the first return , I asked customer serviceto please check the to make sure that the next they sentwas flat , but of course they did n't . I would have triedthe much less expensive Grizzly if I knew that qualitycontrol at Powermatic was so lax .
 Needed the item for a special project but it arrived damaged -LRB- one of the two leveling bubbles lost it 's fluid at some point -RRB- and was not useable . Have not yet figured out who to return it to . Do n't know how to change the intro of this review from `` Very Pleased '' because I am not very pleased with this item , although I have purchased a lot of goods from Amazon over the years and it is rare that I am disappointed
 Well here I am again . I am on my 3rd Dewalt laser . The 2nd one only lasted a few days . It was not dropped or abused in any way . It just quit working . I am very dissapointed with this laser . When I buy another laser it will be self leveling and it will not be a Dewalt .
 From the moment you receive the box you start to have doubts about this tool . The first thing you notice is that things are banging around loose in the carrying case and it goes down hill from there . When I opened the case the accessories were out of place and do not stay in place when back in the labeled areas . The thing is huge and heavy . I set it up and it took ten minutes to level with the sloppy adjusting knobs , complete with dead spots as someone else mentioned . The bubbles are very hard to center and the line is almost a quarter of an inch wide . It 's not a self leveler and I expected this would be compensated for in DeWALT quality . I was wrong and this thing reminds me more of an old Tonka Toy than a precision instrument . The little Johnson self leveler is a far better tool . I 'm keeping it because I will only use it occasionally but If I were a contractor it would be on its way back .
 The levelling knobs have slop or dead zones when adjusting the bubbles . The beam was at least 1/4-inch wide causing a ` hysteresis ' affect when approaching opposite sides of the beam , giving two different level-lines -LRB- which must be averaged -RRB- . The instrument appears to drift significantly off level in outdoor use . When outdoors , changing temperatures and/or sun angles require checking and adjusting the level vials frequently . Recommend a better quality self-compensating instrument .
 The first one that I ordered came in fast . but it did not work so I shipped it back , and they said that that company was out of stock , so I ordered one from different company on amazon cheaper that the one I ordered earlier , it came in but took longer.opened it up to set it up and the level bubble was cracked in it and no fluid in it so it can not be leveled up to use it , I was n't going to send back for a second time so I took it apart and replaced the piece and fixed it myself , works good nowThanks Jerry
 I am a big Dewalt fan . I have a trailor full of Dewalt tools , so when I saw this laser I had to have one . This is the first Dewalt product I have been dissapointed in . As a home builder I demand accracy . When I tested this laser I found it to be off by 1/2 an inch in 20 feet . I tested it against another laser and by my transit . The vial levels difficult to `` zero in '' . You can turn the adjustment knobs as much as one complete turn and they still show level . This is not acceptable . I was very dissapointed in this product .
 If you 're looking for a tripod , this is it . It has 3 legs.That 's all . You ca n't adjust the height with any accuracy . A simple elevator crank would 've made the thing worth the money , but as it stands , all it does is stand.If your laser level is too high or low , you 're forced into tediously moving each leg , trying to keep it somewhat level as you go , until it 's `` pretty close '' . Good luck using it to mount a bench 40 inches above the ground in your garage . I spent 40 minutes trying to get it just right ... and I managed to get it `` pretty close '' . After all that work to get it to the correct height , I 'm going to use it to level my bench , then return the thing and buy a camcorder tripod that gets the job done in a reasonable amount of time .
 I ordered the DW 0736 tripod and the DW087 Laser . I did n't read the fine print well enough so I have a tripot with 5/8 inch 11 treaded rod and 1/4 by 20 female tread on the laser . If you order this combination you need to also order and adapter which Dewalt in their infinate wisdon does n't seem to make . The tripod is nice , just would have been better off buyng a camera tripod .
 I bought this tripod along with the 18n volt rotary laser . i was getting ready to install a chair rail and wasted a good 1/2 hour to 45 min trying to line up the right hieght with the laser.i would recommend buying an elevator tipod .
 I purchased this vise because it was advertised to work with the Black & Decker workmate . After tearing open the cardboard packaging I spent the better part of ten minutes trying to figure out how the darn thing was supposed to attach to the workmate . I looked at the packaging carefully and finally noticed the asterisk next to the section touting workmate compatibility which spelled out the fact that the attachment screw was * OPTIONAL * . How much could it possibly cost American Tool -LRB- aka Rubbermaid -RRB- to include this little nylon screw?Now I have a useless -LRB- to me -RRB- vice for which I must attempt to locate an optional part . The maunfacturer has no convenient way to order the part through their website and none of the retailers I 've found carry it . From reading the posts of others here I must assume it is possible to find this missing part , but what a hassle!If I ever have a chance to use this item on my workmate , I may revise my rating . For now , this tool earns one star ... for looks .
 Do n't buy this if you are thinking you are purchasing a `` portable vise '' . Although the product is called the QUICK-VISE Portable Vise , the packaging is very deceiving . I bought this product thinking I could `` use it anywhere '' like it says on the box . You certainly can use it anywhere so long as you are willing to use 4 screws to keep it in place.However , there is an accessory -LRB- that they conveniently put a picture of on the packaging -RRB- that makes the vise `` even more '' portable . But be sure to read the fine print , as the QUICK-VISE Portable Workbench Attachment , as it is called , is not included . I purchased the accessory , thinking that it would solve my problem -LRB- it did n't -RRB- . Unfortunately , the accessory only allows you more freedom of placement so long as you either
 I bought this with my workmate , on the box it came in shows two bases one standard and the other so you can attach it to your workmate . Looking at the box it seem to say it is n't standard , so I figured that the base it came with can be attached to the workmate was included , it is n't . Another problem is that I ca n't find anywhere to buy the other base so it can be attached to the workmate.John
 I had some projects that needed pocket hole screws so I thought I 'd save some money and get this instead of the Kreg one that costs $ 125 . Well the concept of this jig is simple enough , and it would be great if the drill bit was made from stronger material . After drilling about 12 pocket holes through MDF , the 1/8 '' tip broke off the bit . Without the bit this whole thing is useless . I tried to find out if there was any kind of warranty , but from what I could tell , this company does n't even mention the word `` Warranty '' . So since I plan on doing many more of these types of projects , I decided to step up to the plate and get the Kreg pro kit . It works great . Get an extra bit just in case though , cause without one your project comes to a screeching hault . So far my Kreg bit has drilled many more pocket holes without any problem .
 I bought this tool with the hopes of saving money on what seems to be a straight forward tool . But the clamp is too weak to hold wood in place and the jig twists out of position during use , even on softwood . During the first use on a piece of hardwood maple cabinet facing , the drill bit broke . Not a single pocket hole was successfully made using this tool . Worthless and frustrating . Now I have to ask my wife for an increase in my allowance to get a useful jig .
 This jig wears very quickly . I drilled 128 pocket holes with this jig . As I assembled my project I noticed that the pocket hole screw heads were beginning to protrude and then the wood pieces I was screwing together were beginning to crack . Why ? Because the inside of the jig wears so quickly that the pocket holes become shallower and shallower until they are no good at all . It cost me over $ 200 in materials and a lot of rework . Lesson to self
 Spend a few $ more and get the real thing . The step drill broke the first time I used it . Amazon sent me another one and it broke as well . I bought a kreg kit and have used it over 100 times with no problems . I guess the old saying `` you get what you pay for '' applys here .
 This is General Tools attempt to build a pocket hole jig which - unlike some other more expensive pocket hole jigs from other manufacturers - can be used on lumber of varying thicknesses without requiring manual adjustment for each thickness . After working with this General Tool jig for a short time it became apparent to me why other manufacturer 's jigs have these adjustments . A one-size-fits-all-thicknesses jig design does not allow for creating strong joints.I 'll do my best to explain why ... I bought this product to put together several wooden frames out of 1x3 lumber . I discovered that when using this jig to drill a pocket hole in 1-inch thick lumber the `` pilot hole '' that is created exits the board approx . 3/16 inch from the boards edge - which means that when you screw 2 1-inch boards together the screw exits one board , and enters the other board , 3/16 inch from each boards edge ... This does n't provide a very strong joint . It would make a much stronger joint if the screw exited/entered the boards closer to the middle of each boards . But it does n't , and there are no adjustments to make this happen.Even worse , when you drill a pocket hole in a 2X4 with this jig you will discover that the pilot hole exits the board 3/16 inch from the end of the board ! Remember , there are no adjustments for board thicknesses with this jig - whether you drill pocket holes in 1 inch , 2 inch , or any other board thickness the screw will always exit/enter the 2 boards 3/16 inch from their edges , which creates very weak joints that can easily twist apart ripping the screws right out and destroying the wood.It 's a bit difficult to see , but if you view this video carefully -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- you 'll see what I 'm saying . The video does n't provide any actual clear shots showing where the drilled pilot-holes exit the lumber -LRB- wonder why ... -RRB- but if you look closely around 34 to 37 seconds into the video you can see just how close the drilled pilot holes are to the board edges on both what appear to be a 1 inch and 2 inch board thickness.Besides the design of the jig being very poor I found some additional problems with this item ... When you first get the jig and place the included drill bit in it you 'll notice there is a lot of play . It 's impossible to drill precise and/or consistent pocket holes with this thing . The jig is also made of aluminum - I found metal shaving -LRB- from the sides of the jig -RRB- amongst the sawdust from the holes I drilled with the jig . The jig also comes with 24 wooden `` plugs '' that you are supposed to be able to insert into the drilled pocket holes . They do n't fit - they do n't even come close to fitting - the holes that are drilled . -LRB- You would think they would , since there are no adjustments on the jig to vary the size or angle of the holes that are drilled , but they do n't . -RRB-
 Once again i went for this Jig just because of the price , and it 's basic function . I was wrong . When i came home to test the jig i could not believe the metal shavings that came out of the jig hole . The when i pulled my wood out of the jig the pilot holes were a mess . I only reccomend this tool for those who like to play around with hobby projects . If you an intermediate to expert woodworker then stay away . The is a reason why the good tools cost more . Go look at the Kreg pocket hole system first . .
 Bought this jig to save money . The first pocket hole was great . The next dozen or so were awful . And yes , with every drill -LRB- despite following the directions about taking it slow and withdrawing periodically -RRB- lots of metal shavings fell out . Ultimately , the jig was useless .
 I really wanted to like this pocket hole jig . While I thought the Kreg jigs were really cool , I assumed this bare bones jig would be just fine for my purposes . Unfortunately , less than 24 hours after purchasing this , I was on my way back to the store to return it . The drill bit failed on the first use . I `` pumped '' the drill bit in & out to clear the debris like the instructions suggested , but half way into the second hole , `` Snap ! '' , and she was done . Kreg 's similarly priced unit , the R3 , is well worth the extra $ 10 . If trying to decide between this and the Kreg R3 , its a no-brainer .
 I 'd agree with the other negative reviews that this product is n't built to last.For those on here whom had problems with the tip breaking ... the instructions do say to pump the drill in and out and dont try and remove all the material at once . The jig is so tight against the wood that is no place for the sawdust to go and you have to help this process along.I paid $ 27 for this one and a Kreg is $ 39 -LRB- for the mid-size -RRB- kit . So far , this one has worked okay but I am suspect of the longevity ... doesnt seem like it is going to last that long , we 'll see . Every time I pump the drill ... sawdust comes and out and metal filings from the drill rubbing against the jig.If this one fails me , I will probably purchase a Kreg next time around !
 This will start eating away at the sleeve on your first pass of the drill . The angel progressively changes with each drill until you either poke through the bottom or your head is sticking out of the pocket .
 If you 're considering buying this item , please , PLEASE read this review first.I wanted a Kreg Jig for a long time , but balked at purchasing one because of the price ; I wanted the model with the attached clamp , and it was upwards of $ 140 . So when I saw this version of a pocket-hole jig , I decided to try it out and save some money in the process.Big mistake.It is garbage . Pure and simple . The construction is laughable , it 's flimsy , and worst of all ? It did n't work properly . That 's because the crappy metal it 's made of eventually shaved away from the inner holes after drilling a few times , so it caused the drill bit to -LRB- unbeknownst to me -RRB- shift all over the place . And that was only after drilling about 20 holes ! Because of the shifting , the holes I drilled ended up being right at the edge of the wood , and when I screwed the pieces together of course the ends snapped like twigs . All my beautiful wood that I used to build my piece was ruined!Thank God that I was allowed to return it even though it was opened , but I am still out of money for wood . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this crap . Kreg Jig has a mini version that is only about 20 bucks , and that 's what I got when I took this junk back . The company should be ashamed to even sell this garbage . Do n't do it !
 After several repairs , numerous cleanings -LRB- sand -RRB- , and weeks of trying to install 1000 + sf of insulation in a crawl space the staple gun had to be replaced . Several years of former Stanley products is now wrapped up in the nightmare of this staple gun .
 I bought a Stanley ProSharp Shooter TR200 . And with in one year it broke . I do n't use it that much so I would like to know if someone has had that problem . And if you can tell me who to contact on line to have it repaired . Thank You Jack
 I had no trouble finding the gun . Very happy with that . However , Where do I get the nails . No one in the many stores I have tried carries them .
 I wish I could tell you how the staple gun works , but I ordered this for a christmas present on dec 8th , it 's jan 30 and I still do n't have it
 It 's true that this device is relative quiet -LRB- though any graphite-coatedplaten will also be quiet -RRB- , and the belt tracks well , but this sanderhas a lot of serious problems.First , This is really a 4-3/4 '' sander . It 's impossible to set the tableheight so that the top of table is even with the bottom of the belt.In fact , the best that you can get is for the top of the table tobe a little more than an inch above the bottom of the belt , seriouslylimiting the amount of belt width that 's actually available for use.Since I need 6 '' of belt , this one is a show stopper for me.There are other problems as well : The table-angle and table-height adjustments are Mickey Mouse.The angle adjustment has no detents and the protractor scale is veryinaccurate and inconveniently located -- you have to use a square every timeyou set the set up the sander for 90 degrees . Since I move fromflat to 90-degrees all the time , this is a real inconvenience . Moreover , the table is held up by two legs that are held in place by two screws , and that 's it . Lifting the table up from the lowest position isdifficult -- there 's no spring or adjustment screw as in most otheredge sanders , and lifting the table requires a lot of muscle.To lower the table , you have to holdup the 30-pound weight of the table with one hand while you releasethe set screws with the other . If you slip , the table comescrashing down to the stops . Moreover , the two legs of the tabledo n't move evenly , so it 's difficult to adjust the table so thatits level.Though the sander tracks well out of the box , tracking willneed to be adjusted as the belt stretches . Unlike other edge sanders , there is no convenient knob to adjust tracking . The trackingadjustments are complicated , and very inconvenient . One of the drumsis adjusted using a small -LRB- 3mm -RRB- , easy-to-loose hex wrench . The otherrequires fiddling around with a hammer -LRB- loosening four screws and nudgingthe motor into place -RRB- . This is way too complicated for an adjustmentthat you 'll have to do all the time.Equally inconvenient is the lever that releases the belt tension , which doesnot move the drum enough for a new belt to slip on easily . It shouldhave at least another 1/2 '' of play when the lever is in the releasedposition . Consequently , belts have to be worked into place rather thanslipping on smoothly . Finally , you have to remove the dust-collectionhood -LRB- three easy-to-loose screws -RRB- to use the end stop.In all , I was very disappointed with this sander . The features thatthe other reviewers raved about -LRB- such as being able to usethe end for contour sanding -RRB- are available in every other sanderon the market , including less expensive ones . Almost all edgesanders come with graphite-coated platens , nowadays . I 'd go withjust about any of the other alternatives .
 I 'm a big jet owner but am VERY disappointed in this sander . The table height adjustment is primitive . It takes holding it in place with two hands and tightening two knobs . Very , very poor design . And the table obscures over an inch of the belt , so this sander only has about 41/2 inches usable . Very poor.Table angle adjustment is very crude . A single toggle lever in a hard to access place . I do n't tilt it much so it 's not a big deal , but it is a poor design.I have n't tried/needed to adjust tracking yet but the adjustment looks like it is going to be a hassle , unlike my Delta drum/disk sander.This whole tool feels like one of Jet 's first designs that never got improved . This is NOT the quality I expect from Jet . I 'm sorry I bought it .
 This should have been a good compressor . However with about 40 hours on it the compressor motor dropped a broken retaining ring into the cylinder damaging a piston and scoring the head and sidewall . Apparently a few years ago the US made compressor motor was replaced with a Chinese one . For the failure of a 15 cent part it cost me over $ 100 in parts to repair . After fixing the compressor motor the relief valve failed which cost me more money . Thouroughly disatisfied with this Dewalt compressor . Highly unreliable and built using cheap imported parts .
 The WS1405 I received was not 5/16 '' round nose but a 5/8 '' diameter -LRB- 5/16R -RRB- . Best to verify with another supplier before believing what you read . The picture appears to be correct , assuming the shank is 1/4 '' , but that 's not what I got .
 The only redeeming feature is the Wago wire nuts , otherwise , these cans simply do not lock in place and are a really difficult to stabilize . I would look for something with a fold out wing that will tighten down . These clips are useless !!!!
 First -- here is how to replace the batteries.Line up the spike with the arm . With your right hand , grab the round section between your thumb and your index finger . Place your index finger on the top round part where the flexible arm attaches , and put your thumb against both the spike and the arm , but not touching the bottom cylinder . This will stop the middle section from rotating.Now with your left hand , grab the cylinder on either side of the spike . Twist a half turn clockwise . It will unlock and detach in your hand.If it is spinning 360 degrees , you are doing it wrong . If it is difficult to turn , you are doing it wrong -- you should n't have to force it.It will be easy to put it back in place . Just line up the tabs with the slots , then twist a half turn counter-clockwise to lock back into place . -- Now for my review . The battery pack is confusing and apparently easy to break , given all the complaints about it here . It is not the least bit intuituve , and there is no indication on the packaging of how to do it . This seems like a pretty huge oversight to me.It is alright as a book light . It is a bit dim , however the light is very smooth and even which is often not the case with LED lights.The `` spike '' mechanism for anchoring the light to the book is really nice . The normal method of clipping the light to the cover or some pages always slips off and sometimes even damages the book . This slides right in place , keeping the light where you want it.I bought this as a gift for someone , but I decided against giving it to them after trying it for myself . Overall , it 's just not good enough .
 This thing broke almost immediately . The part that holds in the battery is , for no reason at all , three separate pieces held together with thin plastic clips , which have to resist an insanely powerful spring . One reviewer here mentioned duct tape ; we 're using electrical tape -LRB- it 's a better size -RRB- to try to hold this thing together , but it 's tough to even tape together because the spring inside is so stupidly oversized.For the same price , I 'm getting three book lights shipped from Hong Kong .
 The light barely illuminates the page on a book . You have to constantly adjust the angle of the reflector , even with fresh batteries . Additionally , the battery case cover broke early on and I have had to hold it on with a rubber band , which is bothersome . I would not buy this again .
 This seemed like a nice little book light at first , but after using it I find the light is too dim and I have to constantly adjust the light on the page to see the page well . The battery life is fairly short , and now after a few books the top of the battery case -LRB- where the stem attaches -RRB- has broken . It is made of cheap , fragile plastic . I would advise looking around for better quality .
 I have been meaning to buy a clip on book light for years . Reading in bed until all hours while my husband is trying to sleep was getting old ... for him ! So , I bought this one and was immediately disappointed . The clip does n't stay stable unless you clip it onto 30 or so pages , the flexible arm moves all over the place ... never ever does it stay still . The light is too bright and when it falls off the book -LRB- which it often does -RRB- , it shines right into my husband 's face . This is the lamest , saddest excuse for a book light imaginable . Please , do n't get it !
 My wife and I have gone through a few book lights , and this one , of the LED units , is the worst . The light is not bright enough to evenly illuminate the page of a paperback book . I find my eyes hurting after 20-30 minutes of reading because it is not bright enough . The clamp that holds it to the book requires about 30 pages , and even then it is not very stable and flops around . When we bought this unit , we bought two different brands to compare . The other brand/model was brilliant in design and performance compared to this unit , and cheaper to boot.Pros
 I 'm not sure why I thought this would be helpful . The light works fine , but because it 's not adjustable it 's really limited in it 's use.I bought it to use as a book light for my Kindle and for books . It does not work well for either . I ended up buying another light that has a clip .
 If there were more light power to it , I 'd give it a much better review , but it does n't and it stinks ! Definitely go with another product .
 I mostly use the light to read paperbacks in bed since my regular night lightbothers my husband who is sensitive to light at night . I find the thing so unwieldy.The clip is pretty wide to begin with , so you need to attach it to lots of pages andit slides around and falls so easily . It is so dang annoying . I no longer use it and havegiven it to my son to use as an evening flash light .
 I bought this light to read in buses and trains traveling up and down the east coast . I am not very happy with it . This light fits only books and only those that are at least 150 pages + . If you have notes or printed documents/journal articles , then there is no way to use this light.It can not be affixed to anything except for a book spine , and that makes it extremely inconvenient to use.When I bought it , I was happy that it would use only one AAA battery , but I quickly saw the downside to that when I bought it . The LED bulb does n't burn very brightly at all . This light would help ONLY if the light above your bus/train seat would work , but not otherwise.I recommend buying the only slightly more expensive Mighty Bright light with a clip , that can be attached to a computer screen , the seat handle in front of you , anything . It is better and brighter .
 I bought the light because it takes AAA battery but it does n't give enough light for reading . Not sure how others can read with this light but I ca n't . I would n't recommend this light .
 When I tried to open the tube to put the battery in , the clips that keep it together broke . Now every time I use it , I have to re - duct tape it together.Otherwise , it would have been a good light .
 Its just like the title says . Its really small when you get it . Batteries are included but its not what your looking far as real light goes .
 I bought this unit November 2007 . Mine did come with instructions , thank goodness . The unit was great and worked like a charm until April 2008 when the lights went off and the only way I could get them back on was to disconnect the photocell unit .
 Have 3 of them - they work great while they last ! I have had to replace two of the three - the first after one year , the second after two years . At this rate it 's cheaper to replace the bulbs than to try to conserve energy by having the lights go on when it gets dark rather than setting the lights to go on earlier . Not worth the money .
 I like the idea that I do n't have to keep fussing with the timer setting as the seasons change . On the plus side , it works flawlessly , but only for about two years , then it dies catastrophically . My second one in just over 4 years just suddenly failed . At $ 15 a pop it 's just not worth it . I 'm going to find a new solution .
 The product worked fine for nine months -LRB- November 2009 - August 2010 -RRB- I had to remove the photocell to allow the timer to turn on the lights again.Get a better quality photocell !!!!
 This product may or maynot operate as stated , but Malibu fails to provide any instructions on how this product is to be connected . As such , this product can not be used . Do n't waste your money .
 Rustic/Classic looking stove.Assembly is possible if you have some metal working ability , as some of the parts need to be filed to fit , and then re-painted . Instructions are n't very helpful at all , though you will eventually figure it out through trial and error if you are handy.It is LONG ... if you are replacing an existing stove , measure the stove area and draw a diagram of how this will fit . Mine does n't , as it is on a raised brick platform . Since there are no diagrams on the outside of the box , you should measure the floor model at TSC to decide if it will fit.I have n't fired it up yet , so I can not comment on the performance , though the metal to metal part fit has me concerned that it will smoke at the seams .
 like the gentleman said in previous review you can make it better with work . mine leaked bad when i got it , unusable . so i patched the seams with furnace cement , helped a lot but you still get smoke from openings , if you want to work on those areas as well maybe you could get it to stop leaking smoke . after all the sealing i did , i put out the lights and shined a flash light in the room and there was a haze of smoke all through the room . it seems to eat wood quit a bit also all and all there are too many problems with it and i do n't consider something a good product if you have to do so much work to it just to be able to put up with it . if you can get it for a couple hundred bucks it may be worth it to put in a work shed or area outside . do n't waste your money on this one .
 This item is listed as a 6-Pack , when in fact it is a SINGLE light bulb . When I contacted the vendor their response was that AMAZON mislabeled the item .
 This thing is n't worth having , it 's so flimsy and cheap that i 'm just going to throw it in the junk pile ! Do n't waste your time and money , it 's not worth even trying to use . very disappointed Joe Crocker
 My only complaint is that the factory edges of this wallpaper are white . Which means no matter what you do , seems are going to show . Not sure whether I just got a bad roll or what , but I 'm a little disappointed . It 's hard enough getting seems nice when the paper is good , but when the factory edges are bad , you do n't stand a chance . Probably should have returned it , but i did n't know the paper was at fault until a pro looked at it . Well , it 's up now so it will probably stay there .
 I thought I purchased an oil rubbed bronzed ceiling fan . The motor body is oil rubbed bronze , but the paddles are PLASTIC ! There are no details describing the paddles and I assumed wrongly that they were also oil rubbed bronze , not brown plastic . VERY disappointed .
 The aquasana unit is less than a year old but the spring inside the spout to the filter broke twice . When it broke the first time they were very nice when my husband and I spoke to them and they replaced the part for free - but we have n't contacted them since it broke again.We 're back to buying bottled water until we can find another counter top water filter .
 Do n't buy this product ! It 's a piece of junk from start to finish ! It 's poorly designed white plastic prone to breaking . It 's difficult to install this item on your faucet , and nearly impossible to change the water filters in six months . Customer service is completely unhelpful and do nothing to make the experience any better . I wasted my money in a product that was marginal on day one , and completely nonfunctional in six months . Do n't waste your time and your money . Buy a better water filtration system from the start , that 's NSF certified -LRB- which is one is not -RRB- , and get it right the first time . Wish I did ...
 My AQ-4000 countertop filter also began leaking around the seam where the cowling meets the base . Letters and e-mails to the company were ignored . Please do not patronize this company . Its merchandise is junk .
 I used one of these for about 3 years . Every 6 months the housing cracked and started leaking after I changed the filters . They will replace it for free if you join their `` water for life '' program , but you still have to pay $ 10 shipping every time and go through the hassle of water spills and waiting for delivery.I got fed up and bought the Multipure . The water is as good or better and the housing quality is much better . The Multipure 's flow is also about twice as fast , which is nice .
 As everyone else has pointed out , the filtering is superior , the unit is junk , I am sad to say . Ours is completely shot after 1.5 years ... and its out of warranty too . We have been VERY careful to only filter cold water and we try to be very careful to only run it at low pressure , which is tricky with the activator valve acting up after we had it about a year , and sometimes you have guests that do n't read the reminder notes you have to have tacked up.After the activator button problems , the inlet O-ring started to leak . With some fiddling I seemed to have fixed that . Then another `` mystery '' leak started happening . Turns out the MIDDLE section of threads on the `` A '' cap are shearing right off the unit.At the price of the Aquasana I can get a couple of instapure or some other unit and put up with the pricier `` per gallon '' cost of the CARTRIDGES . But of course I JUST bought a new set of the pricey Aquasana cartridges which last about as long as the unit , I NOW know.They need to dump some of their slick Marketing money into some BASIC engineering . I design stuff like this for a living . There is no excuse for the poor design of the threads that sheared.This filter might be good if you have almost no water pressure at your home .
 When it is n't breaking and cracking , it does a great job filtering the water , but I 've just gone through my second housing in about 1 year 's time . The inferior plastic they use on the housing just gives way under normal pressure.I was very , very disappointed that , first , they do n't back up their products better -LRB- yes , they should replace it for free ! -RRB- , and , secondly , they should have corrected these defects long ago . When I contacted the company for the first replacement , they seemed so blas&eacute; about my concerns.search for an alternative
 Filters are much more difficult to install than I think they should be , unit consistently breaks or has a problem every few months . The white plastic filter housing has broken twice -LRB- see photo -RRB- and I 've had to replace the faucet/dispenser at least once because it constantly dripped or even poured . I am now on hold to get another part since I am a `` Water 4 Life '' subscriber for about $ 100 year - which includes two filter changes and warranty . Eventually I will probably spend the time and money to get a better unit.UPDATE 2008-11-29
 I had this system professionally installed , with the instructions followed to the letter ... it lasted about two weeks . Whatever position the knob is in , water flows continuously , and the system had to be turned off at the water valve under the sink . I should have researched more , because this problem seems to be common .
 The price was right , and the quality of the filtration sounded fine . So I bought one of these from the manufacturer . It was n't easy to install one of the two original filters . I finally called tech support at the manufacturer . The tech told me to bang it on the counter to get this filter in - this was n't explained in the instructions , but that was all right . It worked , and I was happy . The product seemed fine to me . I did n't mind switching back and forth from filtered to unfiltered water ; neither did the slow flow of the filtered water bother me.Then it came time to change the filters . It was difficult to remove one of the two filters , but finally it came loose -LRB- I ca n't actually remember , but I am guessing that this was the one banged on the counter during the original installation -RRB- . Unfortunately I found that this filter had come apart in the casing , and the top piece of it with the O ring was stuck in the case . I could not remove this part . It was incredibly frustrating . Finally I gave up.I have never seen any product with a filter so difficult to install and remove . The 100-day warranty -LRB- which ends conveniently before the first time a filter change is due -RRB- had passed . I threw the product in the trash and will be using bottled water again until I find a suitable alternative .
 I also have experienced the problem of having one of the filter housings cracking at the bottom and leaking water all over my kitchen before I realized it . Otherwise , the unit filters water nicely -LRB- but slowly -RRB- but what good is it if it is going to crack after a year or two of use - so much for my trying to save money . I had to throw the unit away . From what I see from reading the other reviews about this product -LRB- on this site and others -RRB- , this is a common problem .
 Similar to other reviewers , I am on my 3rd housing unit after a year and a half of use due to cracked housing . Like with other reviewers , customer support initially suggested that our water pressure was perhaps too high . My house was built in 1914 and high water pressure is a problem I wish I could have . Luckily for us , my wife did subscribe to the lifetime filter program , so the company we purchased it from -LRB- bestfilters -RRB- has had to replace the unit free of charge each time . They do charge $ 10 for shipping however . I sincerely hope Aquasana addresses the durability issue . Aside from that , the water looks and tastes good .
 The unit filters water fine . I bought the under the counter kit and have had it there for about 1.5 years . After a year , the threads broke on the part you screw in . Customer service sent me a new one ... I paid $ 10 shipping . A few months later , the threads broke on the unit itself , making it useless . When you change filters the unit tends to leak . This is a poorly designed piece of junk ... and overpriced .
 I owned this Aquasana unit for about six weeks . After just a couple of weeks the flow of water began to decrease noticeably . After six weeks it slowed to such a trickle that filling a glass of water would take so long I 'd have to go do something else while waiting for it to happen . It did n't take long for the unit to become unusable.I called the company several times . They kept blaming the problem on my water - they said that where I live there 's a lot of sediment , etc. -LRB- Not that I live on the moon , I just live in a typical American city . -RRB- Well , DUHH . If I had clean water , I would n't need their filter , right ? Basically what the company is telling me is that the job is too tough and their filter just ca n't cut it . So why pay them all that money ? I even used their sediment `` prefilters '' regularly , changing them once a week at an additional expense , and it made absolutely no difference.I bought the Aquasana based on a lot of internet hype that this product simply does not deserve . Finally I decided to stop throwing good money after bad , canceled the expensive `` Water for Life '' program , and threw the thing out.I 'm not sure why the Aquasana is so inefficient , but I suspect one reason may be its small filter size . There are much better alternatives out there , with decent filters , and I got one that really works . The Multi-Pure water filtration system has a true solid carbon block filter that 's large enough to handle the job , and does not need any `` prefilters '' that raise the cost unnecessarily . Their regular filters also last longer . Thus the Multi-Pure does a better job at a lower cost for replacement filters . I got the Multi-Pure unit with the metal case , which not only wo n't crack but also has a separate spout that produces a full , rich stream of water . I 've had the Multi-Pure now longer than I had the Aquasana and its flow has not diminished , no matter what Aquasana may think of my troublesome water . And because there are no stupid `` sediment prefilters '' to jack up the expense , in the long run the Multi-Pure is cheaper to operate.I notice that even some `` good '' reviews of the Aquasana complain about how slow it is , and about water pressure issues , etc. . I do n't worry about any of that with the Multi-Pure . So filtering water efficiently is not beyond the possible ; it 's the Aquasana system that 's a piece of junk.Unless your water is pristine -LRB- in which case you do n't need a filter -RRB- , forget the Aquasana despite the hype , and buy a good system that really works . It is not hard to find something better than Aquasana .
 This is a very poor and over priced product in my opinion . When the time came to replace its filters the housing leaked from the top part and when i tried to replace the leaking hose the whole section snapped off beyond repair . Unfortunately i had already wasted a good bit of money on a new set of filters for this which are useless now.The only reason i give this product one star is because that 's the lowest rating one can give . Do n't waste your money on this filter .
 My wife and I bought an Aquasana water filtering system a few months ago and I must say that it has not been a good experience . In fact since then I have decided to avoid anything from Aquasana . The device is not well made . Changing the filters is very difficult because the plastic nut that must be loosened and tightened is hard to grasp and tends to strip . After two filter changes our unit is useless because of this cheaply made soft plastic nut . Within a few weeks the unit leaks and the shut off valve stops working automatically . It sticks in the open position and must be closed manually . Recently we purchased another system from Puritec and have been much happier with it and with the service that the company provides .
 This system is easy to install , feel good with the taste of filtered water . However , water started to `` drip '' instead of flow after just 32 days of use . Too much too pay for that short period of time .
 ... this is the worst piece of junk I have ever had . Thought that with the Stanley name and having it professionally installed , it would be quality . Unfortunatly I was wrong . It either sticks , or the handle just turns and turns but never unlatches . I even replaced it , thinking I just got a bad one - both did the same thing . Never again - sorry Stanley , you just went to the bottom of the list.Will look elsewhere for quality - maybe I can find one made in the USA .
 For two years we thought that the system was working well for us . Then today a string of mold fell out of the spout . It was disgusting . I took off the spout , jammed paper towel up it and there was lots of mold . We have followed the companies cleaning recommendations and wished they had urged us to regularly clean the spout . I am not happy that I have been serving my family moldy water . It is going in the trash tonight !
 I did n't expect too much from these as they were cheap , but I figured I 'd give them a shot since I had a small screw that had the allen wrench slot stripped/rounded off . Well I drilled the hole out slightly and started with the # 1 extracxtor , tspped it in and started turning , no go , it would not grab at all , I tried until the end of the extractor was starting to show signs of rolling the edges over , drilled the hole out a little more and tried # 2 same results , so I drilled the screw out and turned out the post that was left by hand once I got the head off . These extractors are way too soft to work , this screw was soft and ruined 2 of the extractors I ca n't imaging even trying them on a harder screw or bolt . The handle is n't very good either but if the extractors would have bit into the screw I think it would have worked .
 I bought this item for the smallest extraction bit and on my fist use the tip of the bit broke off inside ot the bolt I was trying to remove and now I can not remove the bolt at all . Not to happy with it .
 Length :
 Company does not respond to emails , calls etc. . They do n't provide product support . When it comes to replacing the unit after 3years , what are you suppose to do with the old canister ? It 's not recyclable and you ca n't just put it in the garbage . You are stuck with a used filter full of water . It 's sitting in my garage . Get a system that allows you to change the inside filter and not the whole canister .
 When searching for a whole house system , I selected this product after extensive web research . While there where discounts as low as $ 639 , nowhere did the company list two versions of the product . Once I placed my order , they called me and told me that a well water system was $ 200 more than the system listed , which was a city water system . I looked again , and nowhere on the web does it say anything about differing versions . Shady .
 Hey guys , I was doing a lot of research on this and kept getting hits on numerous websites praising Aquasana and links to their website . It reminded me of a sales tactic in some pyramid schemes . Anyway , it made me wonder who was running these sites that came up page after page -LRB- do a google yourself ... -RRB- and came upon this website . -LSB- ... -RSB- I believe that this company may be using a a very old but effective tactic that boomed at the beginning of the internet age , where they hire any willing web designer -LRB- and these websites are very low quality -RRB- to convince a person -LRB- who is searching for information and happens upon these suspect websites -RRB- to click on a link that takes the consumer to aquasanas website . These associates get paid per customer that is directed from their website to aquasanas main website . Pretty profitable if you get thousands of clicks a week . If you dont think that this is effective , I just point to Google , lol . Their business is partially driven by your mouse clicks to products that show up on your searches -LRB- google water filters and you will see a column of ads on the right ... when you click on these Google gets a `` cut '' -RRB- . Anyway , why do I bother ? Because I am putting in a lot of effort into keeping my family healthy and safe , and it magnifies the exception I take to these sideways tactics . If the product works then let its success speak on its own . As a consumer -LRB- especially for these kinds of products -RRB- , I hate feeling like someone is trying to `` dupe '' me . I mean if these are the lengths that a supposed legitimate mature company is going to take , where does it end ? Can I trust even these other posts here ? I will have to do more research I guess ...
 I got this hoping to avoid hitting my fingers and thumb while trying to hang pictures . While these are magnetic and hold the nail somewhat , for picture hanging , I 'm better off using my fingers . This actually increased safety hazards rather than reduce them . The nail would be attracted to the magnet , but it was n't at all strong enough to hold it tightly in place , so it would slip around when hit . I was extremely disappointed with it . Maybe it works better on flat surfaces rather than walls , but I think it would still have the issue of not being able to hold the nail perfectly still .
 I 've had this tool set for just over a year now . I 've been a Makita fan for years when I was a contractor , bought this set for personal use . The tools are nice , solid , do what they 're supposed to , but , I have n't been real impressed with how long the batteries last . 3 year warranty on tools , but 1 year on batteries and CHARGER . Well , the charger just went TU and Makita wo n't cover it . Great.My advice for what it 's worth . Go to Home Depot and buy a set of Ridgid cordless tools ... they 're way less expensive and come with a LIFETIME WARRANTY including batteries and charger . Contractor friend just bought a set and says they 're as good as any he 's ever used . ` Nuff said .
 This transfer is piculiar ! For sure it is defective . When applying 120 v to the primary , it blows the 8 Amp fuse at the primary , and provide a piculiar hum sound.The primary and secondary coils pass continuity test . The DC resistance of the primary and secondary coils is about 2 ohms . It appears that the primary coil is partially shorted !! I bought another transformer from a local retail , the DC resistance of the primary is about 21 Ohm !!! , the secondary is about 2 Ohms . When 120 volt is applied , fuse does not blow , and no hum sound . This is the NORMAL transformer !
 I brought this expensive gadget to do some framing work . Thought it will save me plenty of time . I was wrong . On a 8 ' ceiling to floor framing it was out of plumb by 1 inch ! . Used a conventional plumb bob with a string to verify . It just did n't work out of the box . Wasted my $ $ $ . From the physical look of the CST Lasermark MP3 , it looks like it is made by the same OEM . Check it out yourself . Do n't wast your $ $ on that one either .
 This is a great tool when it works . The one I used came out of plumb rendering it useless and the work I produced with it worthless .
 I bought this unit knowing that the supplied tripod was junk , though the rest of the unit appeared to be well engineered and reasonably constructed . I figured I could toss out the tripod and use one that I already had . Stanley foiled this plan by making the tripod mount a thoroughly non-standard one . You are forced to use the short , lightweight tripod that comes with the unit .
 After going through dozens of lint roller sheets to get cat hair off our white couch , we were desperate to find something that could replace it without the environmental waste . I feel like a real jerk giving this brush 1 stars , but I absolutely hate it . Here 's why :1 -RRB- It did n't get hair off our couch -LRB- or any other surface except for our cat , but I had another brush for that which worked fine -RRB- , it just pushed it around . After several tries , the best you could do is sort of push the hair off the couch onto the floor to vacuum . It took 10x as long and just was n't efficient . Maybe it was the couch fabric . It just did n't work for me .3 -RRB- I thought , Hey , maybe I should try the brush wet . I tried getting the hair off the couch again , and the red dye came off the brush and stained the couch.All in all , it 's just a bad product . If you 're looking for something to replace a lint roller , keep on looking . This does n't even come close .
 Not that amazing , just a rubber brush that worked better for dust on my tv screen than anything else . I honestly have n't used it but once or twice and was n't really impressed with it removing cat hair
 For my golden retriever , it is a bit small and picks up only some hair . I actually have to recommend the Love Glove , which did a much better job on my dog 's hair .
 I got this Pet Hair Removal Brush to get the pet hair off of the furniture . It does n't work well at all . The only thing it will actually remove hair from is my cat and I already have several brushes for that task . Did not need another one . Very hard to remove hair from it as well . I would not recommend this brush to take hair off of furniture since it does n't .
 Love the idea of this , wish it worked right.This product would be very very handy if it worked properly.The only reason this product got two stars is because one of the sides worked correctly.The level must not be straight inside the device because the lines produced by the devise are often on a slight diagonal.I used it for many hanging projects and when double checking the lines with a standard level I found that this item was only working on one side.Hopefully the next model will have better quality control !
 I 'm a little surprised at the stellar reviews . I bought mine a few years ago soon after it was first released . `` This is crap ! '' I said.Forget the putty ... I never used it . Is it square ... yes it was -LRB- to a point -RRB- . My issue was the quality of the laser line ... fuzzy and inaccurate . Having owned a few construction lasers , I 'd like to think I know a good laser from an inaccurate one . I consider this the latter . For some people , the tolerance should be fine . Unless they markedly improved the line quality since my purchased , I 'd still consider this garbage , which is where I promptly placed it . Indeed you get what you pay for .
 Put batteries in ; 2 lines appeared and then disappeared forever . Product did n't work and I could get it to work . I returned it .
 The level is designed to adhere to a wall with provided putty . But when you pull the level off a painted drywall wall , there remains remnants of the putty . Because it does n't harden , it 's nearly impossible to remove . Big fail .
 It 's a good product , but it does n't stick to the wall well . I learned this the hard way when it fell off and damaged my moulding . Otherwise the lasers and levels work fine .
 I have a mostly glass greenhouse . This summer we replaced most of the roof glass panels with a channelled plastic polycarbonate which could not be clipped onto the glass with the previously used glass clips . I ordered this tape to overlay and seal the seam between the plastic polycarbonate and the glass . When the tape came in , I washed and dried the seams where the tape was going to be placed . The tape went on great and I thought it would work perfectly . I was very disappointed when it all came loose as soon as the weather cooled off . I looked out and what tape had n't come completely off was flapping around loose in the wind .
 Do n't buy this tape if you 're wanting to tape your Christmas lights to the gutter . We recently installed new guttering , with a window screen type mesh guard ; and we no longer could use our gutter hooks for hanging Christmas lights . I researched tape and we purchased this Duck Brand All Weather Clear Poly Repair Tape , thinking that if it was all weather , it might hold up in wind and rain . Not so ! It wo n't hold up the lights , even without wind and rain . I 'm very disappointed in this product for the use we had in mind , but it might work for other things .
 repairs nothing sticks to nothing . not uv resistant ether . falls off , very poor light glue . just useless.waste of money . fell of the window panel after just 2 days .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 RECEIVED THE PRODUCT AND RETURNED IT IMMEDIATELY . IT 'S A MINATURE OR MIDGET VERSION FOR SMALL KNIVES USE ONLY . DO N'T BOTHER . A FULL SIZE VERSION WOULD BE GREAT .
 When I opened the box I was angered because one of the stones had fallen off . This is absolutely unacceptable . I guess you get what you pay for . Do n't buy this , one would be much better off with a DMT stone . It would do a better job and not come broken . I am upset I wasted my money .
 Its an ok sharpener ... have had better ... would I buy it again . . no I do n't think sooI find the stones too rough an soft and porous ...
 Do n't buy this if you are planning on sharpening a single bevel knife . It will actually blunt it .
 i recommend never to purchase this to sharpen grooming blades does n't work at all and will make your blades extremely dull.it was just a waste of money .
 The stones fell off the base the second i took it out of the box . You get what you pay for and this is cheap . Lesson learned .
 The quality of this product has gone down dramatically over the years . I bought this item 24 years ago the first time and it was great . When I got it this time it was only one step above being pure crap !!! The stones were so cheap that they were bumpy on top , and the side edges actually crumbled away somewhat when used . the stones seem fake and manmade like corse porous cement . I guess it 's a little better than scraping your knife across a brick . P.S. I also purchsed the 4 sided Dan 's whet stone , it was excellent , like night and day . Highly recomend that one !!!
 This product reminds me of the 6 inch monoliths from Spinal Tap . The product needs to be four times larger to be of any practical use . If you just want to sharpen you boyscout pocket knife it 's just right , maybe .
 All three stones on the item I received are not flat . Not only are they not level surfaces , the surfaces actually have bumps . This item would destroy a knife edge rather than sharpen it . Yes it is possible to flatten stones but you 're better off avoiding this product all together.Also , it comes with only about 1 tablespoon of honing solution . How cheap ! Do n't buy more from Smith 's , make your own , it 's easy and you can find instructions online.Overall I suggest you avoid this product . I bought it trying to save money - instead I wasted money . If you 're just looking to sharpen knives , take a look at the Spyderco Sharpmaker . Otherwise , if you are looking for something that can sharpen chisels and plane irons as well as knives , I suggest a course/medium DMT diamond stone and a fine Japanese waterstone . More expensive , yes , but you wo n't be throwing your money away .
 I recieved this package 2 days later than I was supposed to , the oil bottle was busted all over the box and I had to throw it away , and two of the stones were chipped !!
 Did not use till a couple months after arrival , did not light up . Filament was not connected inside the bulb .
 I got this to make a pickguard for a guitar . There 's actually enough material on each sheet to make two just in case you screw one up . It 's a nice material to work with ; it comes 3 ply -LRB- pearloid film , white plastic , black plastic base -RRB- . I was able to work it very easily using a scroll saw , dremel tool attachments , sand paper , and drill . The piece I got was perfectly flat , also . This is something you do n't always get with plastic blanks from other suppliers.Grizzly 's shipping is a little steep -LRB- $ 9.75 -RRB- for something that costs $ 25 , but when you get the package you 'll know why
 Would not recommend this product . On the plus side , it is a good task lighting lamp -LRB- worth 5 stars -RRB- . However , the heat from the lamp burned -LRB- roasted -RRB- the plastic/ceramic above the bulb after about two years of use . The engineers in China have yet to make a decent task lighting lamp . The heating problem could possibly be corrected by an air vent to dissapate overheating . I am very surprised that a company like 3M who sells the product does not realize this .
 The heat from the bulb burned the plastic near the bulb after one year of use . So , the light became `` yellow '' .
 I 'm a full-time proofreader , so my work requires excellent lighting . I enjoyed using the 3M glare-reducing task light for the last three years
 I have used this lamp for one year and loved it very much.However , after turning the light on for more than an hour , I would start smelling burnt plastic.I do n't know if this will cause permanent damage to one 's body or not . But it definitely ca n't be a good thing.I am going to get a new lamp .
 Does the job , but it looks and acts the same as my orange 7 dollar one from Home Depot . The handle clips in but I do n't bother . The one thing I do not like is that the bearings are TOO good . With the cheap plastic one , the cord would stay put . This one , it will unwind if there is any uneven weight , like the end of the cord . So I have wedge it somehow . Buy or keep the 7 dollar one .
 Item was delivered on time.However , I was disappointedthat I have to completelyremove the cord from the wheeleverytime to use the cord .
 I thought this cord storage reel would hold the 100 feet of snowblower cord . It does not -- way too flimsy and light.It is not sturdy at all . Do not waste your money unless you plan on attaching this to a block of concrete it will not be sturdy enough to hold 100 feet of a lamp cord !! I tossed it in my garage sale pile -- another wasted internet purchase .
 The cord storage wheel was a waste of money it was to small and fragile for use with a 16 guage cord and while it can wind up a thinner cord it was not much easier than doing by hand also the cord must be totally unwrapped before it can be used
 The product I received is not as advertised . It has no holders for the cable as shown on the photo . There 's no notch cut and I was unable to install the cable I purchased which is advertised to be sold with this product -LRB- Coleman Cable 02569 12/3 100-Foot Hi-Visibility/Low-Temperature Outdoor Extension Cord -RRB- .
 I wanted to store a 100 ' electric cord for my electric snow thrower on this - it has is spec 'd for that . It starts out poorly designed . The only way you can put the cord on it is to attach the middle point -LRB- 50 ' mark -RRB- to the center and roll it up that way . Otherwise you 'll never have access to the one end , without rolling out the whole cord each time.Also , the chincy plastic handle pops out the minute you start rolling up the cord.So - it looked cool and useful - but it 's a cheap plastic Chinese-made piece of junk .
 We ordered this along with 100ft of cord and our electric snowblower , it was a good deal - but a great pain.You have to reel one end of the plug under the whole cord , and while you wind it up , the plug hits the reel handle and the sides . In order to use your cord , you have to unwind the whole length of it . What a pain . It does n't work like a hose reel , where you 'd hook one end up to one connection which in turn hooks up to the outlet . I stopped using it after the first time . I ca n't believe I had to spend as much time as I did trying to figure it out , I then showed it to my husband who also said `` WTF '' . Though he was able to wind up the cord , it looked like a tool that a clown would use .
 It has a hard time holding 100 feet of cord . The handle is too small and tends to fold back up when in use .
 This product is inferior to the cheaper handheld reels that you 'll find at Lowes or Home Depot . It is cumbersome to use even when the handle stays in place which it does not do very often . It has a small black handle that you can snap open and then close when you are finished reeling up the cord . Unfortunately it is very poorly designed . It kept and coming off in my hand as I wound up the cord . I did n't bother to return the unit to Amazon because of the bother , but I did throw it away . I went down to Lowes and bought the tried and true hand held cheaper unit . It works !
 The handle is not molded as part of the reel rather the reel has a fold up handle which is poorly designed . If you are winding a cord the handle snaps off from the reel . But a unit at your local store that has a molded handle - the unit will not stand up to use .
 I bought this from Amazon in 2007 . While it did what it was supposed to do , it was priced about 3 times what it is priced NOW -LRB- in 2010 -RRB- . At the time I felt totally ripped off ... paid over $ 30 for this and expected much much better quality , not cheap plastic . It is made of very flimsy plastic frankly , but yes , you can wrap up an extension cord or two easily in this thing . Not too easy to unroll without dragging it all over the place though either trying to do it by yourself ... Now it can be purchased for about 1/3 of the price I paid ... basically it is just cheaply made out plastic that will work . I had expected much better quality when I originally purchased it at a much greater price . For roughly $ 10 , it 's about worth it .
 handle broken off when it arrived . It can not be used without a handle . It is not a product for heavy use.E-103 cord wheel useless
 I bought a Toro Power Showel and I need a 100 feet power cord . I found that the hardest part was not shoveling with the power shovel , but dealing with the power cord . I have a number of back surgeries and problems , and I hoped this electric caddy would make it easier to deal with the cord.The electric caddy was not much help , it was hard to control and it requires a lot of bending.Update : I found a better solution - it is called Green Leaf WW-1 Wonder Winder Hand Crank : Green Leaf WW-1 Wonder Winder Hand Crank Extension Cord WinderAli Julia review
 Sorry that I did n't read all the reviews first . The people that pointed out that you can not run the one end through to have some cord out to plug in are correct . One reviewer said that they ended up drilling a hole in the plastic to get it to work ... not a bed idea but you really should n't have to do that after paying $ 15 for this piece of plastic ! I am still deciding if we should keep it , may just use it to store a cord when not being used ... kind of a waste .
 I bought this reel for a 100 ' 12/3 gauge low temp extension cord . I wish I 'd bought another product , but will keep and use this one . While functional , it is not user friendly . There is no way to hold down the reel while turning the handle and being able to guide the cord onto the reel . It kept moving around whenever I tried to turn the handle . I would not buy this item again .
 I got this as a recommendation thru amazon , plus it seemed simple enough . I needed it also for an outdoor cord for my snow blower . The design is not fit for a heavy cord since it is relatively small and the stiffness of the cord tends to catch the sides and top of the reel . This causes it to not unwind easily . I spend 15 minutes just getting the cord out of the wheel because it got loose towards the inside and had to pull it out one halfturn at a time . Such a pain.I recommend getting something with more weight or not bothering with it . These heavy , low temp cords are very stiff so I do n't think there are many wheels that can efficiently hold these .
 There must be some trick to getting the cord wrapped on this thing that I do n't know . I simply could not figure out how to be able to extend the cord to the wall socket and to the attached device . If I left a long bit so I could reach the socket , I could n't turn the wheel to roll up the rest of the cord -LRB- and while trying , cut myself on the cheap plastic -RRB- . Instead , I had to secure the female end , which means I 'll have to move the unit to my appliance and whenever I want to move the shop vac , or whatever , I 'll have to move the cord reel too . I thought all these things were supposed to make the job easier , but I was wrong . The stand on my other cord wheel is open on one side , which allows one end of the cord to stick out through a hole in the reel and allows easy wrapping , plus it 's far better quality and has no sharp edges . I 'll probably end up throwing this thing away . I could only get 50 ' of yellow cord around it anyway . Wrestling with the cord would be easier for me than trying to use this thing . I recommend spending a bit more and getting a unit that is n't so flimsy and limited in design .
 I bought this in a package deal with a Toro snow thrower and a heavy duty cord . This reel is not heavy duty enough for the cord it was sold with . It 'll do the job but I 'd prefer something that feels more robust .
 Believe you should find a better device . This is difficult to use and not well built . The retractable handle keeps detaching .
 good build quality , but need to un-reel the cord completely to use . I was expecting the male end to go thru some mechanism so that you can easily insert into the outlet . not so . you need to completely unwind it .
 On this one , you get what you pay for ... and that 's not much . I ordered 4 of these . They were each shipped in separate boxes with very poor packing . As a result , one of them came with the handle broken . I 'll be able to fix it with a nut , bolt and a couple washers ... but still ... broken . In any case , I took one right out to the garage to try it out on a cord . There 's no tension on the wheel , which basically means you ca n't stop rolling it until you 're done ... & well ... it 's awkward to roll . I set it on the ground & put my foot on the edge of the frame to hold it steady , and ** SNAP ** the plastic on the foot broke . Frame is still basically intact , but just demonstrated what cheap/lowgrade plastic they used.On the bright side , I used the tip from another reviewer & hooked the cord at the exact middle onto the reel & rolled up from there , so both ends come out at the same time -LRB- & I do n't have to unroll the entire cord to use it -RRB- ... Long story short
 I bought this to store 100 feet of 14/3 extension cord because amazon suggested it along with the purchase of the extension cord . I have to say I am disappointed in the quality of this reel . The plastic is very flimsy . The rewind handle broke on the first use . Also , the design is poor . When rewinding , there is really no place to place your foot on it to keep it secure on the floor without interfering with the rotation of the reel . I would not recommend this reel to anyone . Look for something a little beefier and better designed .
 I am sure this is a nice product , but not for the purpose I bought it for.I bought a snow blower with a 100 foot outdoor cord , You ca n't use this , just pulling on it would knock it on its side.For light weight things , inside electrical perhaps ok .
 This device lacks sufficient size and weight to make storage of a long extension cord convenient . The wheel is unstable when winding or unwinding an electric cord . I found it necessary to hold the wheel by putting my foot on the base and awkward to bend over to rewind an extension cord at the same time . Sadly , this device is also poorly made as the winding handle broke off the second time that I used it . Perhaps the cord that I stored on the wheel was too long for the wheel but the cord and the wheel were both recommended by Amazon together . Having said that , users are unlikely to need this device to hold shorter extension cords . In short , do n't waste your money on this poor product .
 It badley needs some kind of moveable trac to keep the cord from stacking up around one edge or another . Also the folding windup handle is useless . I used it yesterday and the handle came out many many times .
 the item i wanted to hang was only 15 lbs ... it would n't support it ... and about broke finger when it snapped . . wasted my money on this purchase ...
 I ended up buying it Home Depot for half the cost . I have used these hangars before and they are easy to use , but sometimes it is hard to find the bigger ones .
 I bought these in 2005 . The louvers are wooden and slide into a groove in the frame so they are fragile and break easily . I am replacing mine in 2011 with a solid wooden grate with a metal louver beneath from another company .
 I was getting these floor registers expressly for baby-proofing our house . I intended to screw them into our hardwood floor , so that our little one would n't be able to pull them out . I was willing to put a metal screen under the damper box to catch anything that our little one would throw down the vents.Alas , the workmanship on these vents is so poor that they are unusable for us . Specifically , the edges of the slanted ribs are extremely sharp . They were not rounded over and sanded smooth before finishing . Imagine a toddler sticking his fingers in there . Also , the surfaces of the ribs have n't been sanded at all , it seems , and are very rough . They are also not finished.Having said that , I assume that these vent covers will work fine when there are no adventurous kids around .
 Really not very strong . I have tried approx . 20 different adhesives and this was the one I thought was gon na be it . It was not . I am trying to repair a glass piece with a clean break . Followed instructions to a T and thought it worked but after only 1 day it fell apart . I highly doubt this is what professionals use as the product description says . Gave it 2 stars instead of 1 simply because I 'm sure that if you are repairing an object that is for show and never to be handled it would work fine . But if you expect to be able to handle the fixed object you are repairing for this you will be very disappointed . I 'm trying to fix a `` Tobacco '' Pipe .
 First off , beware - the image shown on Amazon -LRB- white tube with blue logo at top , big yellow banner stating `` non-toxic '' on package -RRB- is NOT what you will receive , unless Amazon changes the image after my post.I specifically purchased this sealant because it was supposedly `` non-toxic '' . I had purchased my first tube a couple of years ago at Target and used it on all sorts of household items . Most importantly , I used it to seal up the small plastic holes in all of my son 's bath toys -LRB- you know , the squirters and squeakers that are notorious for growing mildew inside -RRB- . I finished that first tube a few weeks ago and went to Target to purchase another ; however they did not have that exact glue - at least it was n't packaged the same . The tube was blue and green and the package did n't have the large yellow banner stating it was non-toxic , so I did n't get it . Instead , I searched Amazon to see if they carried the original glue I had purchased -LRB- the one that DID state non-toxic on the package -RRB- and they did . I ordered the glue from Amazon ; however , when it arrived I was quite angry to find it was the same tube/package as the one I saw at Target -LRB- which was $ 2 cheaper , I might add -RRB- and not the product pictured on the Amazon product page.So , to verify whether or not the formulation was the same -- and this was simply a packaging change -- I called Customer Service to ask directly if this sealant is -LRB- and always was -RRB- , in fact , non-toxic ... I was told it is NOT . I asked several different ways and each time the answer was no , it is not non-toxic . How they can put `` non-toxic '' on the label and in the product description is beyond me -LRB- greed ? -RRB- , but I am really pissed off . And to make it worse , I just found out that I ca n't return it to Amazon because it is considered a `` hazardous material '' . Grrrrr.Bottom line , if you 're looking for non-toxic glue , do n't bother with this . If I find another product that is non-toxic -LRB- and believe me , I WILL be contacting the company to verify that it is -RRB- , I will post an update here .
 There was nothing wrong with the product , it just was n't what I wanted when I received it . It could work for someone else .
 My drill ca n't seem to soften this product enough to get it on the wheel . Perhaps you need a bench unit . The tube has to be peeled away so it ca n't be resealed . Very frustrating . Been to the dico site a number of times , followed the instructions , but no help . A picture or video would so much more helpful .
 I thought that the tube that the rouge came in was a good idea . To just push what was needed out of the tube , use it , and then push the remaining back in for the next time . The rouge is so tight in the tube that it is impossible to push out . The tube had to be cut off and it is very tough . What were they thinking ? Other than that , the rouge works well .
 This product Was not Kastar brand And did not meet My expectations I am disappointed in it Although it was functional It is not the quality I expected And once again Was not the brand as stated
 The overall quality of the filter is average to maybe a little above for a MERV 8 . The real issue is the actual size of each filter . As stated by the manufacturer 's specs , these filters are made or cut smaller than the normal size for each category . This is a real problem for many furnaces that take fitted filters in a bracket or tray . Without shimming around the sides of the filter , the air flows around - not through the filter . Air is like water and will take the path of least resistance . Unless you are sure an undersize filter will work in your furnace , do not buy this brand . It 's kind of like orange juice and ice cream , maybe no one will notice if we reduce the size and charge the same price . I made the wood shim to seal the sides until I use up my supply but will go back to paying the higher price of the 3M next time .
 I give up . I bought this b/c the drill is discontinued and I needed to charge my batteries . It broke on the first charge . I 've thrown away the drill and bought a new one .
 This unit only lasted a week . It , like the one I had originally replaced , burned out after only two or three battery charges . I was extremely disappointed . I may end up buying a product from another manufacturer as without a reliable charger , battery-powered tools are useless . Black and Decker ... what happened to your normal excellent quality when you made this item ?
 Keeps breaking ... has been replaced twice now . Only 1 year limited warranty on the sprayer that keeps breaking and costs $ 29 to replace thereafter .
 I purhcased this light March 2005 to use as a task light while family watched tv . The light was too bright for this use so the light went into an unused corner for 8 months.I used the Ott light one time for 6 hours on a project . The next morning the light would not turn on . Bought a new bulb -LRB- very expensive by the way -RRB- the new bulb did not work either . Called Ott Light and we decided to try a new transformer . They sent me one at no cost but that did not work either . I had to ship the light back to Florida at my own expense for warranty work and pay Ott to ship it back . So now I have spent an extra 30 % over and above the cost of the lamp for warranty work.I will never purchase another Ott light . If it goes out again , I will rewire the light to work on regular light bulbs .
 I bought this Makita LS1214FL Nine month 's ago . At first I was pleased with it , but after eight month 's of use the table got to where it would not turn to the left or right with out grinding . Also the handle would not lock down . I took it to the local Nashville , TN service center to get it repaired . They called me back & told me they had repaired it . I went and picked it up . When I got back to work I tried it out and to my suprise the positive stops would no longer work & the front handle still would not lock down . I took it back to them & they repaired it again . 2 days later the base would not turn again . I would not buy this miter saw again .
 THis is a sweet saw until it broke . The fence shattered in three different places within a few days of opening the box . Customer service was not concerned that their components did not stand up to regular use . The parts had quality i would expect of an inferior tool manufacturer .
 Thse clamps say they are stainless steel , however only the band was stainless . The Worm gear is made of Iron-steel ! The metal looked funny , so I checked with a magnet . We get similar Ideal-Tridon clamps elsewhere -LRB- for less cost -RRB- , and they definately do not stick to a magnet . Over the years I have already been fooled by this . Kept in a moist or humid enviornment these will rust and eventually fail . Rusty clamps look bad , stain adjacent surfaces , are hard to remove , and may not hold properly . Basically do not know of any reason to recommend these clamps .
 The Designers Edge product photo and description falsely imply that the lamp as shown is 16 inches tall . I purchased the lamp based on that claim . The lamp is 16 inches tall only if the overly long , not shown , tail piece is attached . The is false advertising .
 First off this hammer is listed as being from the USA , big fat lie , the hammer they sent me was from china.I have used Plumb hammers for decades and love them.They have always been a great hammer . It is a shame stockholders pockets mean more than producing a quality hammer . This hammer is no where close to what I know a plumb hammer to be , the handle is very loose and the hammer head just looks like junk . So to all the cooper tool stockholders that think profit is best , you loose money this time because I am returning this junk and WILL NEVER buy another plumb hammer.Amazon made returning it easy but if they had told the truth to start with they wouldnt have to pay for return shipping .
 The level sent to me was not an empire level and is one of the cheapest made levels I 've seen in my life . Its yellow plastic and is 2 halves that has to screws holding it together . Not the aluminum one that is described above.Cost more then its worth to send it back so I 'll just throw it away , piece of real garbage , thanks for nothing Big Ten . I wo n't buy anything from you again nor would I recommend your company or products .
 I 've had two of these . They are so frustrating . The mechanism that locks the ruler into the square wears out quickly . So what happens is , you set the ruler to scribe a board , and it moves while you 're working , and the next time you use it it is out of adjustment . I 'm gon na buy a good one -LRB- Starrett -RRB- this time
 Received this product the other day , and much to my surprise i did not receive an Empire square , but I did receive a ACE hardware brand square . Poor review due to falsely advertising as Empire square , other than that happy with product .
 This lamp arrived yesterday and 30 seconds after opening it I threw it in the garbage.It is very flimsy and needs a specialty light bulb which it does not come with . I thought I was getting a normal lamp which would take a normal light bulb.The ad was VERY misleading . This lamp was a complete ripoff .
 i was very displeased with this product it seamed very flimssy and bot sturdy and it looks very cheap and not classy at all
 I called the company up . they said it was Motion sensor was resistant to rain and snow - they even said it had a seal in the batterY cover . while thats true . the seal didnt seal all of it . much of it is still exposed . I needed to duct tape every single exposed hole in it.Water still got in.I glued almost every orifice of the motion sensor . Rain still got in.The transmitter/receiver is very weak . u cant have the transmitter 15-20 feet without the signal loss.Avoid this product unless u are sure it will be A. close together . and B.no rain that can get to it.Update - when theres no rain at all , the unit works fine as long as its close to the motion sensor.i just got HVAC all weather duct tape to see if that will work - wish me luck
 I purchased this pump through Amazon in order to replace a sewage pump that had stopped working after seven years . I bought this pump on the recommendation of other buyers , but to my great chagrin , it stopped working barely after two months ! After having to deal with the flooding and clearing out the remaining water in my basement septic tank -LRB- yet again in two months -RRB- , I extracted the pump and tested it to determine what caused the problem . I checked the buoy , in particular , because a defective buoy can keep a motor turning constantly and burn it out , but the buoy worked correctly . I then checked my pipes to see if they were clogged , possibly causing the motor to be overworked , but there were clear . So , the remaining diagnosis was that the pump was defective because it did work at all with the power cords plugged in.I called the manufacturer , the Wayne Pump Co. , and the first service rep. told me to return to him the cut power cord , which has the label identifying the model and serial number of the unit , and he would take care of it . That sounded great , and it made sense since shipping a very heavy and `` used '' sewage pump was not only undesirable to them but expensive for me . Furthermore , by cutting the power cord from the unit , it would make it unusable , thereby discouraging fraudulent claims . It sounded too easy , so I called back and another service rep. told me that a return authorization would be required . I fax 'd them the requisite information -LRB- name , address , product model number , serial number , e-mail -RRB- but it took them rest of the day to e-mail me a return authorization number , delaying my repairs another day . I had to ship the cord to them the next day using an overnight service , costing me another ~ $ 30 . When I called them the following day , the service rep. assured me that they would ship out the unit that day -LRB- or the next at the latest -RRB- . Not having received the unit yet , after waiting three business days , I called them again today , and they 've just informed me that they have n't even processed my shipment yet!It 's bad enough to have to deal with a sewage pump failure caused by a defect , but having to deal with a bumbling , incompetent customer service is even worse . If you want to avoid these potential problems that I 've suffered with the pump and the manufacturer , buy something else . Otherwise , better luck to you .
 Item arrived with the box damaged and the pump not at all functional . Amazon seems to be excellent about returning and replacing ,
 This came with NO 1/2 '' socket holders . It 's also black , not red as it 's pictured . Decent item but now I need to order 1/2 '' clips , pay shipping , etc. .
 First off , the packet did not come with 1/2 size holders , which is annoying ... poor quality control . Luckily I dont have too many that size . Secondly , they do not come on the rails , you have to put them on yourself , which is a royal pain and makes your fingers hurt
 Designers Edge Halogen flood lampAs of this writing , Amazon sells four virtually identical 500 watt outdoor halogen floodlights , in bronze or white . They are sold under these names : RAB Quartz Flood 500 wattsDesigners Edge L-50BR 500-Watt Halogen FloodlightHeath Zenith SL-5505-BZ 500 Watt Halogen FloodlightLight Fld Hal QZ 500WBulb replacement for these lamps is terrible . To replace a bulb , slide two clips -LSB- holding the unframed glass lens -RSB- out of the way and carefully remove that glass without cutting yourself . Typically , the glass will be stuck to the rubber gasket and has to be pried off - which is risky , since prying could crack the glass , plus it could be dropped . Imagine doing that high up on ladder , where you 'll need to find a place to keep the glass while replacing the old bulb!Summary : Even though overall lamp quality is OK , bulb replacement is so bad , my advice is to avoid this product.If you want the best designed lamp , get the Lithonia 500 watt flood light . Search Amazon on
 I would n't use this as my main framing square cause of the lack of visiblity of the numbers .
 This drill lasted a year , but i did n't use it daily . It did see some hard use , as it was mostly used to drill out broken grade 10.9 bolts . It drilled out a lot of them to its credit , until the planetary gears finally gave out while drilling aluminium ironically . I kept it greased and oiled . I contacted jet for replacement parts , which they do not offer . So it went in the trash as a waste of money . It may be ok for lighter duty use such as drilling wood , but if you need a drill that will work hard for you , get a serviceable one from a tool truck which you wo n't have to throw away .
 Do not buy this Jet 1/2 ' drill . It broke two days after i had it . Amazon shipped me another one two days later and it lasted about one month . I sent it back and got my money back . This not a good 1/2 ' drill to buy . I went and bought a Dewalt XRP 18 volt and it works great .
 THE EMPIRE MODEL 6799 IS MADE OF CHEAP PLASTIC . AFTER A FEW WEEKS OF MILD USE -LRB- MEASURED EXTERIOR OF 13 HOMES -RRB- THE HANDLE BROKE OFF !! NO WAY TO REWIND IT !!! REPLACEMENT AND POSTAGE COSTS MORE THAN BUYING A NEW UNIT . GREAT !!
 I just got one of these . As a line splitter it 's fine , splits a line as well as any other line splitter out there . I thought the funky universal socket was a pretty cool feature , and maybe it is
 Looks like a good piece of hardware at a good price.BUT if a level wo n't level ... What is it worth ??? Nothing!I bought this thinking it would self-level ... In reality it will not . And instructions in non-English do n't help.Save yourself some money and do n't buy this product.It proports itself as being factory checked , but when it arrived , the `` self leveling '' -LRB- critical part of a level -RRB- was non operatinal ... . making the unitusulesss.BUY ELSWWHEREW !!!
 Just disappointing . The screws at the bottom came out and I was n't able to put the thing together . I was not at all happy .
 its worth about $ 10 magnet not strong enough and do n't use it unless it 's completely upright , I took mine back for a refundEmpire Level 36 Magnetic Polycast Protractor
 I bought this not expecting much . Much worse than I imagined . Loses charge after a few minutes and ca n't handle anything over 1/2 '' thick without problems . Very disappointed .
 In fact , I 'd give it a -10 stars if I could . I searched high and low for Denali and/or batteries and did not find either . There 's NO WAY I 'd purchase a tool that I have a hard time finding batteries for , and then have the battery burn out in a matter of minutes . I wish Amazon would n't send me the `` Great Deals '' any longer .
 This shower safety grip suction bar is by far the worst product I have ever purchased online . It is particularly horrifying to imagine the consequences of what could later happen when the suction cups repeatedly fell off after attachment to my bathroom walls -LRB- usually 12 to 24 hours later -RRB- . Almost definitely , a person could be seriously hurt when climbing out of the tub . The grip handle did not stay attached to any of my walls , such as marble , glass , plaster or tile . Not only did I waste $ 24.00 , I feel I was falsely misled by the misleading advertising claims of this product . I hope no one finds out the hard way this product is worthless .
 The one I bought break at the neck of one of the two connectors after using it for about 15 times .
 This product does not work . I followed instructions and it only stuck to tile for a few minutes then popped off . When I e-mailed the company and told them I felt this product was defective and wanted my shipping return reimbursed , they said no . They said just because the product wo n't work does not mean it 's defective so I would have to pay for shipping . It also took over a week and 2 e-mails to get a reply . When you e-mail you get an automated e-mail back saying someone will be in touch within 24hrs . I would not advise anyone to purchase this product . I had ideal conditiond , large tile and tried to mount it at every possible angle .
 I bought a Get A Grip handle elsewhere and am about to leave to return it right now . On the outside of the box it states
 Once I found that the 2 metal stabiliaztion contact points left rust marks , I started repositioning the gripper . After a couple times of readjusting , the suction no longer worked and the gripper would fall off in the tub quickly .
 Product is a big disappointment . I purchased 3 of these handles . I have an elderly mother living with me and thought these would be perfect . She does not need the support , just the security that something is there for her . They are not . I put one on the shower wall but the tiles were small and the grout lines did not enable the suction to hold . I put one on the side of a large upright Freezer near a doorway . The suction did not hold after a day or so we found it laying on the floor . The third one fell off by itself from the clean dry glass shower door that no one ever used . I would recommend saving your money or spending it on something else !
 This item has the potential to be dangerous . The suction cups lose there suction and when you go to grab them they come off . This could cause someone to fall and get injured .
 I purchased this item for using on my gardentub as I slip a bit . This is more dangerous than having nothing at all . My tub is smooth , so that 's not it . It just does n't stay secure . I went to get up and it was loose so I fell out of the tub . Good thing I did n't get hurt . I 've even tried it on the shower wall , same thing , does n't stay secure . We heard it fall off the wall in the middle of the night . Do n't waste your money .
 Suction lasts about a day before it gives out . Usual problem getting the device out of the plastic bubble it was wrapped in . Low price , but not worth it .
 After repeatedly readjusting the suction , I finally left this thing off before someone had an accident . The 17 inch Saf-er product did work as stated so buy it instead .
 Bath Safety Grip Handledoes not fit . I assumed incorrectly that there are standard sizes to bath tub rims . The suction cup edges are larger than my tub rim so that it is impossible to get suction with them . This was a frustrating experience . It is the only and last time that I order from a TV ad .
 Trash . I tried it on diffrent surfaces . it wont stay up for more than a few minutes . anyone who uses it for safety purposes is going to end up on a gurney . I am going to try to return it , if I can not I am going to destroy it before putting it in the trash . I dont want anyone getting ahold of it and getting hurt .
 My husband and I bought this product for a friend of ours who recently had his leg amputated due to complications from a disease that my husband also has.My husband wanted to try this out before giving it to our friend , and it is a good thing he did ! I want to agree with a past reviewer who said something along the lines of this being `` horrifying '' . I am very glad I did not give this to my friend , my husband -LRB- who is 39 -RRB- attached it to many different surfaces and each time it came undone . I am appalled that this product is being sold as a safety grip . It is one thing to make a product like the `` ped-egg `` and rip people off by telling them their feet will be smooth , no harm , no foul ! but this is a dangerous product and I cringe to imagine people buying this for elderly relatives and thinking they will be fine to bathe unassisted . This product is , frankly , offensive in it 's false advertising and very dangerous !
 I purchased this for use on Fiberglass shower for use after total knee replacement surgery . My shower already is handicap accessible and has a built in seat and support handles built in . However , I wanted an additional support handle at the edge of the door to aid when exiting the shower.I installed this a week prior to surgery and was pleased to see the green/red indicator that shows if it is properly attached . We used our shower normally and every day I checked its status . Every day the top indicator would be red . We would reattach per instructions and have two green indicatorrs . By the next day the top indicator would be red again . I never trusted this item and we eventually threw it out after not being able to depend on it at all .
 I was surprised by this suction grab bar . I placed it on the side of a ceramic bathtub the next morning it was on the floor . No one touched it or used it . I have other suction grab bars , different brand and they are still attached .
 I wanted an extra set of crescent wrenches to keep in my basement for convenience and at this price these seem to fit the bill . I have a craftsman set in my garage , as well some cheap `` popular mechanics '' and `` alltrade '' adjustable wrenches I leave in my vehicles . These are by far the worst . They have a couple major issues :1 . The bottom jaw has a lot of slop and is pretty rough . This allows it to cam in the slot and jam when adjusting . The adjustment screw often sticks and you need to jiggle the bottom jaw to get things loose again . After adjusting there is still a lot more side-to-side play than even my other cheap wrenches .2 . Rust . I live in colorado and my basement woodshop is around 30 % humidity . I 've never , ever had a tool rust in my tool boxes . I found rust on one of them where it had been sitting in the box . Not much , but in a humid environment I suspect they 'd rust very quickly.I replaced these with another craftsman set I picked up for $ 31 on sale . For $ 25 these just are n't worth the money . Id recommend just about any cheap brand over these .
 The wrenches were not as described . They were chrome , not black anodized . They did not have measurement scales etched on them and they did not have the ATD brand on them .
 As was said in other reviews , the wrenches were not as described . They did not have measurement scales etched on them and they did not have the ATD brand on them and there is a lot of slop in the lower jaw .
 I ordered this set of replacement bits . What I received was , 2 sets of the # 2 phillips screw driver insert with the large slotted tip on the other side . The tip I was trying to get the replacement for was the # 1 phillips bit with the small slotted tip on the other side . Bottom line
 The one star is for Grohe . The pull out hose leaked . The leak can only be detected after the faucet had been installed and connected to the water supply line . Because Amazon would n't do partial replacement , my plumber had to uninstall the faucet so that the entire product can be sent back to Amazon . The price offered by Amazon is a lot cheaper than Lowes and other plumbing suppliers . Not sure if because of that Amazon gets the defects . I hope not.It goes without saying my plumber will need to be paid for the original installation , for the uninstall and for the reinstall . Not sure if Amazon or Grohe would compensate me for all the extra charges I have incurred because of the defect.By the way , this is not a review of Amazon 's return policy . I would give it 4 stars because the process was painless except for finding the number to call . I searched high and low on amazon but could n't find the number . Thanks to the good `` old '' reliable internet , I was able to google it . Once I had the number , it took very little time to connect to a service rep and for them to set up return and replacement . I was promised that the replacement faucet would arrive within 2 days . I am keeping my fingers crossed not only for it to arrive and for it to not to be defective again .
 We bought a Grohe Alira faucet as part of a full kitchen remodeling . It turns out to be a poorly designed , poorly engineered piece of hardware that is n't really worth a hundred bucks , let alone the money they get for it . First , you ca n't keep the spray function going with low water flow like one often does when washing or peeling vegetables . Second , when the water goes off , the unit always defaults to the stream function , even if the spray was wet when it was turned off . It 's annoying , inconvenient and wastes water and it does n't support the way most consumers use a spray function . The lack of precision is another issue one would n't expect from a product in this price range . It is nearly impossible to make a fine adjustment to the flow of water because the faucet either want to gush or be shut off . It takes both hands and a couple gallons of wasted water to adjust to anything but full flow . The control does n't act in continuous motion , but rather in fits and spurts . Finding a flow rate in the middle is next to impossible . I would recommend steering away from all Grohe products based on this experience .
 I ordered -LRB- 2 -RRB- 32483 replacement bits for my screwdriver i recieved 32482 bits which was a different order so I got a double order & never got the bits I needed because shipping cost as much as the part its not worth sending them back - not happy
 These are nice , once they are installed , but they are among the most difficult lights I 've ever installed . First , the `` hinged design '' on the diffuser mean you have to bend and tweak the diffuser to get it off . Next you will notice that not only does it not come with bulbs , it comes with absolutely no hardware at all . Not even wire nuts are included . Once you get theT8 Bulb , wire nuts , and screws to mount it with , and wire it up , you realize that the only way to install the wiring shield is to disassemble the connectors for the light-bulbs . Disassembly is easy , but getting the little machine screws to bite to reinstall it is non-trivial once the light is hanging . Anut driveris * highly * recommended for this job as you will drop the screws , and probably lose them , using a flat-head screw driver.Once up , they are OK , but I 'd prefer something that is simpler to install .
 A nice looking , quiet , light that has two major issues , First , as others noted , the plastic diffuser ca n't withstand shipping . After reading the reviews , I gambled and ordered six - only 2 arrived intact , 3 were usable with cracks , 1 was unusable.Second , the sheet metal fixture has a center raised rib maybe 2-1/2 '' wide where the mounting holes are . Depending on your J-box , centering the knockout on the J-box , you miss the rafter and will need to use anchors ... making installation even more difficult -LRB- trying to hold it up against the ceiling , AND parallel to the wall , etc. -RRB- . On a trip I was able to go to Home Depot -LRB- none near me -RRB- and they have the same fixture for about the same price AND replacement diffusers -LRB- pricey at about $ 25 -RRB- Amazon is great but this did n't work out .
 I put two of these up and after wiring in the attic for half the day I went to put the bulbs in and this cheesy piece of junk light broke at the pin recepticles on the last light bulb . I have to take it down and throw it in the trash . My suggestion is to go to the local store and get your light .
 I was looking for a basic laser level to use it outdoors , my decision was based on the reviews but my experience with this level laser indicates me that it is not suitable for use it outdoors , you can barely see the laser dot on the sunlight or do n't see it at all . Also the level itself has only one point of reference which is almost useless ; it will work well on a flat surface , it says you can use it for cabinet installations but they forgot to tell you that you will need a tripod to do it properly , not so accurate for plumb and square , magnet not so strong . There are better options out there .
 I received this item and it did n't work at all . I even took it to the local hardware store had them look at it . They said it was busted . Tried to contact seller about it . They never bothered to respond . I am very disappointed I would love to have this product . If not for the great folks here at Amazon Customer service I would have been out all that money . DO N'T BUY FROM THIS SELLER !!!
 They ship to Israel , but not to Hawaii ?! Also , this is listed at a 6-pack ; it 's actually a 4-pack . Try Filtersfast.com
 I received the product in the mail today . I was disappointed with the quality . The door for the battery cover just feels cheap and it felt like it would be broken off by pushing it into place after putting the batteries in the device . Upon turning the unit on it would only shoot a laser one direction ... to the right . The directions say to push the on/off button twice to activate the plumb line . This did not work . I have already sent the item back and exchanged it for a much cheaper -LRB- in price -RRB- Stanley 77-154 SP5 FatMax Five Beam Laser Kit . I am starting to realize that price does not equate quality . It stinks because I was looking forward to using this product for a project this weekend . Looks like I will have to hold off for a bit till the Fat Max gets here . Honestly the finish of the product was disappointing for the price . I was initially only looking for a laser plumb . I stumbled upon this and thought it might be nice to have . Oh well ... live and learn .
 This is actually a returned item but was shown it as `` new '' . The packing was poorly re-packed . The bottom of the body has a clear scratch mark . The battery cover has two latches but one is broken . The latch is a poor design . I believe that 's why it was returned . The former owner could not use it.It was the worst experience with Amazon . I will never buy tools from Amazon again .
 The item delivered was not the Fulton Mailbox . It was several Support Brackets for something totally different . But Amazon was prompt in getting me a return label and refunding my money . Still a pain to have to return a item .
 Purchased two fans . One has bad motor which just hums and the blades do n't spin . Have to pay the electrician installing and uninstalling fee for the bad fan . The other one is noisy in high speed . Low speed is very slow . Do n't buy !!
 The product was slow in arrivng ; was supposed to be delivered between Oct. 6 - 8 and came much later . The tracking information was incorrect and when I contacted the company I was assured everything was ok - it was n't . When the product finally arrived it was defective . Not a good experience .
 I thought I was ordering a complete door knob with everything that was needed to replace my old door knobs . This was not so and it was not worth the trouble to return them back . I did not want replacement , and according to what I read , it was not but I take responsibility for this bad choice , will make sure it will not take more trouble than it 's worth to send products back to company . I do not recommend this to anyone .
 I have been trying everything to clear a clog in my kitchen sink . Drano , plunging , snaking from 25 to 50 feet and nothing . Then I read all the reviews about this product and went to home depot to buy . Used every last cartridge and still cloggeg not even a bubble up of air from open pockets .
 I 'm sure this thing works under most conditions . However , on the first try the blast of air snapped the plastic tightening ring connecting the dispose all pipe from the main drain line . The backed up , cruddy water soaked everything under the sink and ruined my lunch hour.From now on I 'll only use on the toilets .
 In the age of the Internet , this is the first -LRB- and I much hope , the last -RRB- product I have purchased for which there was no help to be found when it failed to live up to its over-hyped reputation . No help . None . Anywhere . Go to Kleer Drain 's own website and there 's no troubleshooting section . Frequently-asked questions ? There 's a page -- with no questions on it , let alone answers . Just look at our wonderful videos , we 're told , and watch the water splash and the problem blast away ! And that 's all you 'll find on the Net
 This gadget did not work for me . Sure , it sprayed around a lot of water but it failed to dislodge any blockage in the kitchen sink or bathroom tub . The whole CO2 cartridge and `` power disk '' thing is just a gimmick . I used all the supplied cartridges and disks as well as another package of same and did not obtain good results . While the idea using of forced air to clear a drain is a good one , I think it 's better to use a device that you do n't have to buy expensive replacement components for . I 'll try the hand pumped models next time around . Or just call a plumber !
 Used all 4 cartridges that came with the product but it did n't clear my sink drain .
 I purchased it last night and was very exicted to use it on my kitchen sink . I tried one cartridge it did not to anything then i tried 3 more it still did not anything.I am very unsatisfied with this product . Bottom line spend little bit more and call plumber .
 The company shipped the product out quickly but it did absolutely nothing to clear my toilet clog .
 Bought product ... read info ... loaded up ... and , nothing !! One cartridge , then another ... used up 6 cartridges to no avail . Seems like this kleer drain should be kin to something `` billy Mays '' would sell . Completely useless ... -LRB- and my friends and I are licensed plumbers ! -RRB-
 I usually do n't write many reviews , but felt I should due to the horrible experience I had . This product seems like it would work , but it did n't for me . I tried using it to clear a sink drain . The only thing I succedded in was spraying water all over my bathroom because the cone would not seat around the concave of the bowl.I feel real dumb for dropping money on this thing . The worst part is there is no easy way to contact the company to tell them how I feel !
 Employees of KLEERDRAIN , Please stop posting reviews of your own product . You 're only doing people a disservice . At least make your reviews less phony .
 If you go by the majority of reviews here and on other sites , you 'd think this is gold . Having tried just about every liquid cleaner around , it seemed like this might be the `` nuclear '' option I needed . Well it was , but for all the wrong reasons . Keep in mind the manufacturers promise that no harm will come to your pipes , and that only `` velocity '' and not `` force '' clear out the pipes . We are talking about compressed C02 , right?First attempt using this to clear a clogged sink , the cartridge was a bit hard to release . When it finally worked , black sludge spewed up from the drain . The pipe was still clogged and I noticed a small drip coming from the drain pipe . Not taking the hint I tried once more , and this time the loud sound I heard was not the cartridge bursting but my pipes being blown off !!! Water went everywhere of course along with more sludge . Upon cleaning everything up and replacing the pipes , STILL clogged . Are you kidding me ? I told someone I know who is a plumber about this and before I could finish my story he said `` it blew out your pipes , did n't it ? `` After getting a professional to snake out and clean the pipe , all is well . Turned out it was just soap build up . You mean this super device could n't take care of that ? This plumber looked at it and said it might be good for a toilet . Maybe if you want to take a chance on having the Poseidon Adventure in your bathroom!The moral to this story is if you have a serious plumbing issue , get a professional who knows what they 're doing . Most of these DIY miracle devices are all smoke & mirrrors . They play on the fears of people afraid of plumbers and how much they cost . Using something like this is a risk not worth taking just to save a few dollars.Note
 The rubber nose piece broke off the first day . Weak ! I do n't like them . Nor would I recommend them to anyone even though I love dewalt .
 Only 5 brackets ? The link said `` Bag of 20 '' . What do I do with 5 brackets ? I 'm a regular Amazon customer and this is my first negative review . Very disappointing .
 The first review I read regarding the shelf supports were that there were `` too many '' . I thought this was great as I was n't sure where and how many shelves I was going to use . I received 5 shelf supports . What the h@ll am I supposed to do with that . I get to put up one shelf . I paid 4.00 for the product plus 4.38 shipping and handling . Rubbish
 Stanley does it again - spent more time designing the name than it did designing and producing a useful tool.I bought this hammer because my 20-something year old hickory handled framing hammer is on its last legs . I used both tools this past weekend in constructing a 2x4 frame for a back yard storage shed , so I had a great opportunity for a side by side comparisonHammers weighing in at 16 oz and up are , generally , considered framing hammers . The smooth striking surface of the FatMax , although nice and big , permits the hammer to slide off target if the nail is struck a glancing blow , a very important safety feature missing from this hammer . It seems as though is was designed full size then shrunk to a useless size to save money . This hammer should be 16 inches long to match other framing hammers , which makes for a handy 16 '' OC guide . Additionaly , the shorter length means the user must swing harder to obtain the same amount of force as when using a longer tool . The claw is short and stubby so it is more difficult to get under that nail head for pulling . Another negative is that is made by a well known American tool manufacturer which refused to make this hammer in the USA . I 've yet to see a `` magnetic nail starter '' work , so this is just unneeded fluff . As to the rubber handle wrap , I felt no difference between the two hammers when pounding nails , but I did lose grip when the FatMax hammer handle became damp with sweat . -LRB- + -RRB- well made -LRB- + -RRB- 16 oz head -LRB- + -RRB- wide striking surface -LRB- - -RRB- smooth striking surface -LRB- - -RRB- handle too short -LRB- - -RRB- all steel construction -LRB- - -RRB- short claw -LRB- - -RRB- not made in USA -LRB- - -RRB- nail starter -LRB- - -RRB- rubber handle wrapMore than disapointing , this tool can be quite unsafe if used by someone not familiar with how to use a hammer . The slick striking surface and slick-when-wet handle add up to real trouble in the wrong hands.I am thinking , however , that making it in about a 10 to 12 oz weight with the same length might mitigate some of the problems I 've noted .
 Due to all of the fires in the neighborhood , I was in a hurry to buy this ladder . It was not as described and did not have all of the legs attached . It really impossible to screw them on . Really cheap plastic . I was really disappointed , for the price and should have gone with another vendor . The ladResQLadder FL35 Four-Story Portable Emergency Escape Ladder , 35 Foot
 We needed some light weight tapes for shop use . I bought a few of these . If you like tapes with little fractions at every 1/8 inch and numbers every 1/16th . You have found your tape . Think about this ... 1/2 '' wide tape with 16 numbers jammed in 1 '' My eyes hurt using this method.Construction ... The re-coil is so strong that it ruins the steel catch at the end of the tape . BTW that steel catch is now bent on all tapes . I do n't know what material it is but it is WEAK !! Drop this tape if it lands on the end you will be spending some time trying to re-adjust it.Worst tape I have ever bought ! Should have just stuck with the smaller 12 ' Stanley 's .
 Cheaply made . I have a Grizzly hybrid table saw and I had to remove my heavy duty steel rails and replace it with this cheap aluminum juke . After removing my rails the instruction stated to screw in 4 hex bolt screws until just '' remains . The rail has a slot that the hex bolt fits in . After sliding the rail over the four hex bolts there is no way to tighten the bolt further , so you can never completely tighten the rail . I tried over and over to screw the bolts in as much as I could but still allow the rail to fit over them but no matter how much I tried I was never able to get the rail to fit tightly again the table saw . There was a constant play between the saw and the rail . It was the same problem with the rear rail . A poor design . There was one page of instructions in 3 languages . The rear rail did n't even have instructions on how to install it . The legs were adequate but the rails were completely unacceptable . A table saw can be used for years therefore I did n't want to be frustrated every time I use it so it 's better to just return them . In the long run the returning postage , $ 17.50 , will be well worth it .
 I bought this 71-939 set and the bits did not last at all . I contacted BD customer support and they sent me a new set for free and when I asked them if they wanted the bad parts to give to their metalugist they said no and now that I have a new set they are as bad . Example . Number 2 bit phillips head last for 3-7 screws . I no longer trust black and decker unless bought locally where I can return easily . Also they just give you new without solving problems
 The 12mm wrench in particular is junk . I ca n't speak for the other sizes in the set though . The tolerance is terible , there is a lot of play . When I tried my crow 's foot from Northern Tool and it had no play whatsoever . When holding the crow 's foot against this wrench , there was an obvious difference as the wrench pitched out several degrees and was very obvious.I 'm very lucky I did n't do any damage with this thing . I 'd return it , but I had bought it too long ago -LRB- I had anticipated a particular repair , just had n't gotten to it until now -RRB- and Amazon wo n't let me return it now .
 I bought this from an online automotive products store because it was advertised as a `` swirl-finding '' spotlight for my car 's paint . That was a total crock , making it just another flashlight.Furthermore , after the first month , it wo n't even hold a charge . I have followed the instructions to always charge it for 8 hours . It will be bright when I take it off the charger , but it will be next to dead 24 hours later . To my dismay , the `` 1 year limited warranty '' does not cover the battery at all -LRB- or the light bulbs -RRB- , meaning this light basically comes with no warranty at all.I would not recommend this to anyone .
 The problem with rating products is that we tend to do it on a short term basis . Does it work ? This light did work , for 13 months . It is guaranteed for a year so it is out of warranty . The rechargable battery does not hold a charge . It probably lasted 12.5 months actually I am just getting around to the review . I am a rechargable light guy . This is the worst one I 've had . Do n't buy it and try to find one with a two year guarantee . I do n't think it needs to last forever , that 's not the point , one month out of warranty is not acceptable . But then Brinkmann knows they are garbage that 's why they do n't guarantee them longer . The ones I 've bought before lasted a couple of years minimum .
 Does n't hold a charge very long . Low beam is useless . And high beam is n't much better . Would not buy this one again .
 So i bought this for my son for christmas so he could walk the dogs at nighta couple weeks later the second bulb burns out and he gets mad at me.if it didnt break down this spotlight would be great.its really bright .
 When I first opened the box , I was disappointed to see that the metal corners have ` lips ' on them . One lip faces into the corner , one faces out of it . This makes it impossible to use the metal corners in the middle of a large item . They can only be used at the end , so that the lip can overlap the edge of the piece.Then tried to use it for actually clamping something . The web strap is held onto the axle that gets tightened only by a thin metal clip . That clip is easy to pull off and provides very little resistance to spinning . As such , it is very difficult to get any kind of tension on the band . Sometimes if I wrap the webbing a number of times around the axle , it holds , but usually it just slips . This makes is essentially useless .
 i purchased this expecting to hook up a garden hose to my kitchen faucet ... it leaked . with plumber 's tape , it leaked , with electrical tape i tried too . . leaked . . no luck . not fun unscrewing it from the base either , since there 's nowhere to grip . had to use needle nose pliers to get it off , and now it just sits in the drawer .
 Beware item # is wrong , description is wrong , do not oeder unless you want dummy knob in polished brass , not antique .
 I bought this product to add extra security to my patio sliding door.I like the fact that it is adjustable up to 48 '' - the width of my door . However , it turns out to be a little hard to use . The mechanism that lock is poorly designed . It is difficult to open the bar since the latch opening is too narrow and has little clearance . Another problem is that there is no fastener to keep the bar from swinging when it is in the open position causing rattle noises when opening the door . I would look for a better design in the future .
 You can imagine my excitement to purchase this brand -- I was soon dissappointed.From day one this compressor had a knocking rod noise-getting worse with pressure increase-I also noticed quite a bit of oil in my serparatorI reported trouble - and it took 1 month to get a replacement pump.In the meantime , they had my pump on the bench at the shop.The new pump had the same knocking noise-I was told by the service man who disassembled my original unit , there was a large space between the rods , on the crankshaft end-they had been sliding back and forth and the pistons were slapping-after 10 hours of use-there was 1/4 '' of metal shavings in the oil.This is actually made by devillbiss -- you will not even talk with a Porter Cable rep.I was also told to repackage the old unit -- Short story-in the 2 months I have owned mine-I have had 1 month of use -- Beware-I am sure there is a defect in this model -- although the factory rep says it look like mine had a problem -- several more have to be reported before they will look into it --
 I ordered this after checking local competitors for prices on similar units . The price could n't be beat . I received it in perfect condition the crating was spectacular and was better than expected . I did n't have any troubles hooking it up and running it either . The unit runs flawless ! Very pleased with this compressor on initial purchase and use.Update
 I bought this fan based on reviews that it was one the quietest of the field . Unfortunately , it hums and has a minor vibration. , even with replacement motor and blade . I had to isolate the steel mounting tabs between two pieces of medium firmness packing foam , and then mount it with plywood over the foam , screwing it to the studs through the plywood making sure that the screws did n't touch the fan 's mounting tabs . It is barely quiet enough so we are able to be in the master bathroom and bedroom that is below the fan.It is sad that , with all of the technology we have , we can not make a motor that does n't hum and a a blade that is balanced .
 The thermostat control on mine failed after a few months . I replaced it with another brand of thermostat rather than make two trips to its difficult location and wait for Lomanco to rule on my warranty claim.I had to use strips of tire sidewall to mount this fan to get rid of the vibration it imparted to the house.It is also meant to be serviced only from the inside . If your fan is in a difficult location , it might be easier to remove the louver vent from the outside to get at the fan , but the motor fan assembly is removable only from the inside . This , of course , depends on your attic design , but s0ome attics are so full of trusses that access is a problem .
 Tape split after only 1 year . Company would not replace . Poor customer service .
 Wrench appears to function ok . I have owned I-R products in the past and have been pleased with them , all USA made . I was n't aware this was a Chinese import and would not have purchased this product .
 I bought this from a local hardware warehouse and am looking for a replacement . I 've used it about 6 months . The problem is with the telescoping handle . It 's one of those where you twist it so that a little internal `` wheel '' is turned off-center to release it to telescope in/out . However , it gets stuck in `` closed '' and sometimes in the field I ca n't get enough of a grip -LRB- sweat , dirt , rain -RRB- to release it - very frustrating . WORST thing is that your skin can get pinched inside the telescope and it HURTS . I hate this thing .
 In the name of the item and at the bottom of the listing it says that it 's energy star certified but in the middle when it lists the technical specs . it says that it is NOT energy star certified.So which is it ? False labeling ? Certified or not ?
 It has everything I wanted in a low cost function generator . It 's just too bad that it does n't work as advertised . My first big issue with it is that it fails to deliver the maximum rated voltage of 10 V into a matched source . In fact it often barely makes it to 5 V -LRB- 10 V peak to peak -RRB- . The second big problem is that sometimes it fails to boot up properly . The LCD just goes dim and it goes into some unknown state . I wo n't bother sending this back . I 'm just going to throw it out . Can anyone recommend a low cost signal generator that 's reliable , delivers 20 V peak to peak ? It needs to be able to generate low frequencies reliably as well , down to 4 Hz .
 First one died after a year or so , bought another , it goes into an unknown state when first turned on and takes a while to get to stable operation . Probably why it has a reset button . The display is slow to update about once a second and makes it difficult to set the frequency quickly . I would not buy one of these units again.Ok , I debugged the two broken VC2002 's this weekend . It turns out the L7805CV voltage regulator was bad on both . Replaced the bad IC and now the units are working fine , so the power supply was probably designed by a intern on probation .
 Quality is bad , bad , bad . Thin metal . Ring next to door had crimps and wrinkles in it . Knob was returned .
 Quality is bad , bad , bad . Thin metal . Ring next to door had crimps and wrinkles in it . Knob was returned .
 I was expecting these to arrive in the well-known blue packaging one sees in the retail stores . Instead , I got stock packed in dirty , shop-worn cardboard boxes , dated 2009 . Although they appeared to be Schlage knobs , there was another company name stamped on the boxes as well . It makes me wonder if this was old stock that was originally packed for and provided to another company 's warehouse . I would have returned them but did n't have time to order more because the installation date on the new doors was fast closing in .
 I bought a set of 5 surface mount sunspot lights . They looked great under my cabinets however after about 5 months the bulbs started to burn out . They where very expensive to replace about $ 5.00 each.Now 8 months later the entire set stopped working . I determined the transformer burned out.The transformer says it has a 5A fuse.There must be one somewhere in the molded plastic goop inside the transformer , but forget it you will not find it . The transformer can not be replaced or purchased seperate.These lights are not made to last.Good Earth Company totally ignored my emails . I am forced to purchase a whole new set . Total Junk ! . Old one will be in the landfill .
 I have had three of the the 5 puck sets for about 2 years . Everything worked fine until now . The first reviewer did not do poor electrical work . The transformers have all started to fail . I will try to adapt 120v to 11.5 v transformers into the individual systems . We 'll see what happens . The life of this product is limited . I hope this review helps .
 Easy to assemble once you put a huge hole in the door - was looking for a privacy lock for my room and this had the same dimensions as my passage door knob so I bought it but it requires a huge hole in the wall - Schlage products are a huge pain to buy here in Australia as no one seems to stock them so this is disappointing and will sit in my shed until I can use it for something else .
 I bought this for indoor use , as the product description says `` often used for short runs and indoors . '' Worked OK on hard floors -LRB- within an inch or so , which is fine for estimating -RRB- , but completely failed on carpet -LRB- off by more than a foot on an 11 x 14 room , for example -RRB- . Repeated attempts to measure produced similar results . I do n't know if I simply received a defective product , or if these are not intended for measuring anything but hard surfaces and are thus poorly described . Either way , it went back .
 I am also a real estate appraiser , and used to love these wheels . I feel they have the best design for indoor use , with the rounded housing -LRB- good for tilting against walls , etc -RRB- , good rubber grip and rubber rings on the pole for quick tightening/untightening . However , the last few that I 've purchased have been poor quality - inaccurate measuring -LRB- in houses , just roll along standard 1 foot tiles to verify -RRB- , or a counter that would * skip * or not register at all without a little coaxing . Bought 3 or 4 in a row now with the same problems , and sadly I am now looking elsewhere for an accurate wheel -LRB- although still no one beats the design/housing -RRB- .
 I 've been a Real Estate Appraiser for about 8 years and have gone through 3 wheels and am now purchasing my fourth . My second wheel was the Keson RR112 Road Runner . It was great , reliable , and lasted me about 6 years . That wheel met it 's demise when it became submerged in a puddle . You would think that since it 's a purely mechanical device , water would n't cause it to fail , but i also attributed it to it 's age . Since that trusty little guy lasted me so long , the next wheel i bought was the EXACT same model , about 1 year go . However , the quality was far inferior to the one I previously owned . I will measure the SAME wall 4 times , and it will give me 4 different measurements -LRB- + / - 5 feet at times ! -RRB- . I also have an issue with the handle becoming loose on me all the time , and there is no amount of strength in tightening it that will resolve this problem . All in all , i am so disappointed with the quality of this wheel that i am wasting 10 minutes of my work day on the internet -LRB- other Appraisers must know how this is -RRB- to relay this information to other appraisers in hope that you all steer clear of this wheel , unless of course you 're the gambling type , then knock yourself out . I myself am going with the Rolatape MM-12 , which my boss has been using for several years . You can feel the quality in the MM-12 's tight handle , AND i measured our office wall 5 times and got the same reading 5 times , which is the most important part .
 We had used these for years without a problem but the last 3 out of 4 I purchased broke within a week of use
 This guy looks like a good product in the info-mercials ... but it rounded off two bolts I was trying to remove . Oh well .
 Stanley tools are normally a good value and useful . This unit does not have the ability to broadcast a line and is therefor less useful than others I have seen.I will keep it on-hand but would recommend that anyone looking for a new device opt to spend a little more for better utility .
 The universal stand does n't work to shoot the laser put of the bottom . This laser is almost always necessary to use the laser that shoots up . Until this gets fixed this product is n't very useful .
 I bougth this item for my foreman boyfriend as a suprise . He is yet to use it so a follow-up review in the future . However , as soon as he received it , someone at his jobsite mentioned Home Depot sells the item for $ 199 -LRB- regular price -RRB- . He looked it up the Home Depot homepage and sure enough there it is . I thought of returning the item but Amazon will charge you the cost of return shipment . Not worth it . So , before you purchase it here , check out your local Home Depot . If you happen to have those 10 % or 20 % off coupon the store sometimes dish out , might be even worth it to just buy it from your local shop . Will be easier to return too if you happen to have a problem with the product later .
 This laser level is junk . Save your money by not purchasing this item.The battery holder does not make good , ` CONSISTENT ' contact when switched on . It works intermittently.The metal contacts were dis-colored too.And the holder is very flimsy , does not sit snug in the level.I wish I had seen and tested this item at home depot or lowe 's before buying on amazon , otherwise I definitely would 've opted for a different brand.Did I mention this one IS JUNK ?
 When I put the batteries in , the holder for the batteries caused a short circuit . I 'm lucky I did n't just leave the batteries in when it did n't turn on , because the battery case had already melted from the heat . Luckily I have some electrical background , and was able to bend the part of the case that was contacting the base causing the short . Once I fixed it , it worked fine .
 I bought this filter , based on the advertising statement , thinking it was a real Ultravation-branded product . However , the filter that arrived was completely unmarked as to source . The filter paper is entirely white , not mustard color on one side as shown in the advert -LRB- my OEM filter was also mustard color on one side -RRB- . Thus , I have no idea if this filter is a knock-off or genuine .
 I ordered these thinking that they were going to be Ultravation brand filters and they are not . They seem to be ok , but do not order this thinking that you will receive an Ultravation product .
 BASIC THOUGHTS : If you are planning jobs that do n't require a great plane of accuracy & you do n't have a bunch of other leveling and squaring tools , this is probably useful . For the price of ten dollars , I suppose that 's OK . But , for work requiring accuracy enough to , for instance , hang kitchen cabinets ; this is not the tool for the job.Looking below , one will see lots of complaints . So , then , why is this a 2-Star review and not a negative fifty star review ? Because the package costs ten dollars and I received a ten dollar product . That would normally be 5-Stars ; but comparing its performance to the manufacturer 's advertising claims knocked it way down to 2 stars.Why did I buy this level kit ? I did n't need the level . I bought it because it included a beam splitter & this was the least expensive way to get one . Bad Idea ! -LRB- More on that later -RRB- GENERAL ACCURACY : This level is not , by any means , a precision tool . -LRB- But , it was only $ 10.00 -RRB- The accuracy is fairly good if , AND ONLY IF , the beam is projected left-to-right or top-to-bottom . I tested it against two other -LRB- matching accuracy -RRB- levels . In the above projection , it was within about 3/8 '' at 28 feet . Not what they specify it as , but tolerable . I guess.A ONE WAY TOOL : If the beam is projected right-to-left -LRB- The natural motion & necessary for at least half of each lay-out job -RRB- it was off by 1/2 '' at ten short feet . Bottom-to-top -LRB- for any job requiring plumbing a pipe , stud or other item -RRB- the bubble vial was way off , too . The only a vial can be off is if it is not true-flat on the tool . Must not be ! -LRB- I tested the plumb feature with a precision laser plumb bob as well as a good , old fashioned weight-on-a-string type . Ca n't beat gravity ! -RRB- Sadly , none of the sales literature states that this is , basically , a one direction tool . The manual does tell the user about the left-to-right & top-to-bottom problem . But you do n't get to see the manual until after you buy the item . Also , why sell something with an inherent problem ? -LRB- Hey You ! Come buy our new model car ! Then , read the owner 's manual and find it only can make right turns . -RRB- ATTACHMENT PROBLEMS : The attachments -LRB- beam spreader & beam splitter -RRB- do not fit the tool properly , if at all . Great , huh ? The spreader attachment 's magnet is not flat in the boss . Therefore , the thing is always tipped . This renders it useless . Also , if you hold it in place -LRB- 'cause it does n't fit -RRB- , the line projected is wide and varying in width . I think the cylinder inside must be cheap acrylic . It sure is n't optical glass . The line also is not parallel to the vial level on the housing . -LRB- But , the whole package cost only $ 10.00 -RRB- The beam spreader is headed for the recycle bin.The beam splitter does not come close to fitting . The inner diameter is too small to fit the attachment point . Assuming it is accurate , I plan to bore the opening on the lathe to fit my good level . Also , regarding the beam splitter , some advertisements show it as projecting lines . It does not . It projects dots . To use it , one would have to lay a square against the level , then line up a straight edge to meet the mark & repeat for the other wall , guessing where the dot center is on the tool . So , why not skip the whole laser thing & use the square & straight edge?If this level could work from bottom-to-top , the splitter could be used for plumbing studs and pipes & stuff & junk . Using it to lay a wall square to another or to set layout lines for tiles would be just as easy without the laser being involved . I suppose there is a use for it that I have not thought about.TRIPOD : The tripod is a nice feature - sort of . It tilts and tips to just about anywhere it is needed . There are no references on it for alignment . It has a 1/4-20 stud and 25/8 -11 threaded inserts for adapting to other units . -LRB- Like the Berger rotary base -RRB- . But this is a biggie
 I do n't have many needs for a laser level , just your basic DIY projects and the occasional picture hanging , but this device could n't even handle that . It projects a line of varying width -LRB- much thicker in the middle than on the sides -RRB- which makes it difficult to level anything except when the level is placed extremely far away in order to minimize the line distortion . The two beam heads and magneticly atatchable and thus hard to adjust in small increments . The included tripod is of poor quality as well . It 's difficult to adjust and tends to come undone in the middle of a job , frustrating to say the least . This product is n't a good buy for anyone except those on the tightest of budgets .
 It was cheap buy . But a waste of money . Its big , heavy , hard to level , the lens its put on with magnets .
 Great apron except for the buckle breaking after only using for a month ... Probably wouldnt of happened if it was still made in the USA .
 this is the smallest apron I 've ever seen . I 'm a window tinter of 10yrs and this apron is tiny no room for tools . knives kept falling out etc. . .
 Some retailers will claim this unit is made in the US ... it is actually made in Italy . -LRB- And very poorly at that ... -RRB- First off , the compressor arrived with no fewer than three air leaks . The dual quick-connect fitting , and both drain cocks , were installed with NO tape or dope . Worse , once I re-installed them PROPERLY , one of the drain cocks was next to impossible to close completely , and the other could not be turned tightly enough to completely close it off , including with a wrench.So I called IR customer service -LRB- 1-800-SERV-AIR -RRB- to order replacements . While on the phone , I asked the tech about the claimed 100 % duty cycle . Turns out it 's nowhere even near that ! He said that if the compressor cycles more than 7 times an hour , it is considered abuse.SEVEN TIMES AN HOUR ?? That 's roughly two pin nailers ! Must be Ingersoll has a different definition for ` duty cycle ' than the industry standard . Interestingly enough , it is only the marketing materials which say 100 % ... it is mentioned nowhere in the owners manual.And finally , because the unit was intended for the European market , the regulators are primarily denominated in bars , not PSI . The PSI scale is the inner reading -LRB- think km/h on a US speedometer -RRB- , and is very difficult to read quickly.Bottom line ... get something else . You can find a much better unit for much less money . Apparently Ingersoll has gone the ` value engineering ' route , and that 's a shame .
 I received it brand new on June 12 , 2009 , checked the oil and turned it on . It compressed fast and I let it stand without connecting any hoses to check for leaks , as I could hear sound between the pump and the tanks . Sure enough , within minutes the pump came on . Called Ingersoll , they gave me a number and address for a local local repair shop , yet to take it there . Disconnected from the power source and let it stand over night . By early next morning , it dropped from 125 psi to under 20 . Disappointed by IR ?? Yes !!!! Home Depot would have been better.Update , June 22 . Took it to the repair shop on Monday , June 15 . It took them until Friday 4:00 p.m. to call me that they tightened some connectors and sealed other joints . Picked it up before 5 p.m. Compressed it to 125 psi . By 6:30 a.m. on Saturday it was down to 40 psi . Called the shop and Ingersoll . The shop said to take it back to them . I 'll post an update after the second visit to the shop .
 I 've had 2 of these compressors lets start with the first one . # 1 I used for about 9 months trouble free . I began using it one day and the compressor would n't stop running . The blow-off when pop at about 175 PSI , and then compressor would just keep running.I returned it to where I bought it . # 2 As soon as I used it the first time , the little drain valves leaked . I ended up stripping valves from an old cheap craftsman compressor I had , they worked fine.A few months after owning it the vibrations destroyed the regulator gauge , so I bought a cheap Campbell Housfeld one to replace it which has been holding together.Fast forward about 2 years , I decided to use it yesterday to blow some dirt off of something and when I tried to turn it on it did nothing . Is there thermal protection somewhere I need to reset?Pro 's - It pumps up fast , and does a great amount of volume for a small compressor.Con 's - Riddled with garbage parts around what appears to be a good pump.I pulled the dipstick , the oil looks clean and smells fresh . I 'm going to look for a reset switch , then get out my volt meter and try to track down this latest bug . Maybe once I get this frankenstein built I 'll have a usable compressor .
 My compressor is brand new . I purchased it for filling up tires , using air tools in the garage etc. . I have had less than an hour of use on this thing , when it started making a loud vibrating noise . When I went to go stop it , the top of the compressor blew off right near my hand . The bolts must have not been tightened at the factory , as the bolts stripped and blew the threads right off , and cracked the cover on top . A wasted amount of money right down the drain . Do not waste your time .
 i recieved my compressor after my old one was recalled . i had to pay -LSB- ... -RSB- to them and everything else was free -LRB- picking up old unit and shipping new one -RRB- . when it arrived i plugged it in and it vibrated so bad that it would walk all over the place . it walked around one time and rested against the wall and rubbed a hole in my hose.Now the vibration broke the welds on the handle and the id plate -LRB- which also holds the 2 tanks together -RRB- . and now the regulator leaks all the time . it use to hold air for over a month , now 2 hours.i think the motor is good and airs up quickly but i am more disatisified than happy .
 The previous reviewer was correct . I called IR and they said that for this product 100 % meant there was air in the tank 100 % of the time . This is not the industry definition of duty cycle - actual duty cycle is no better than other brands . Also I went to their website and pulled up the Manual and it said the compressor could not be operated if temperatures are less than 32 degrees . Pretty worthless to a contractor in `` North '' america . -LSB- ... -RSB- Check out this Makita - a much better unit for the money -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Background : I decided to replace my own brakes for the first time because I would rather spend the money on tools , knowledge , experience so I can do it myself for the rest of my life . I was able to get the calipers off but the bolts holding the caliper bracket would n't give . Heat , quenching , PB Blaster , nothing would move these bolts . I knew I needed an impact wrench.Side by Side : I first bought the Coleman Powermate 024-0077CT impact wrench because it was cheap and the specs seemed good to me . I thought 250lb of torque -LRB- Supposedly -RRB- would be enough to remove those stubborn bolts . No joy . The Coleman had a hard time with the lugnuts and did n't move the caliper bracket bolts at all.I went to a local store and purchased this Ingersoll Rand 231C wrench . I got it home and it buzzed those bolts out like they were only in finger tight ! I made no changes to the air compressor and all of the other parts -LRB- e.g. air hose , sockets , etc. -RRB- were the same.Results : You really do get what you pay for . I only wish I would have read the Amazon reviews before I wasted money on the Coleman . Oh , and I paid approx $ 50 more than Amazon price for the IR wrench locally . : -LRB-
 Unfortunatly you get what you pay for . And if you waste your money on this you 'll eventually find out that it cant even take off those stubborn lugs that drove you to buy it in the first place .
 I emailed a complaint to Amazon on the subject of this fan and did not receive a reply.I e mailed the seller twice and had no reply , the fixture was poorly made all the screw holes for the globe were painted over preventing a proper fit for the globe . The globe was thinner in density of glass than other globes and broke . Ihave asked for assistance with this problem and have received no answer I would not recommend this seller .
 The metal part is nice and it looks and works great for three months . Then the rubber section that acts as the weatherstripping falls apart . Within another month or two there are strips of the rubber hanging off of it and you can see right through the area that used to be filled with the rubber weatherstrip.So , if you are tempted to buy it , make sure you buy it during the warmer months . By the time the season is over , you 'll need a new door bottom .
 Great while it lasted , but for $ 50 + I would not buy this item again . Bought 2 yrs ago and recently used for the first time . About 8 hours into a tile job , one of the lasers went out . Called Stanley Tools and they shuffled me to a company that makes it for Stanley.They said no way to repair it myself and the cost to have the light replaced and recalibrated by a service center would outweigh just buying a new one . Went back to Stanley at their suggestion and Stanley said sorry , just buy a new one .
 Unit arrived well packed and ready for use . When I installed the enclosed batteries there was no response . I purchased three new batteries and still no power in the unit . I double checked the battery configuration -LRB- plus vs minus -RRB- and they were installed properly . Still no power to the unit.Would like to get another unit but Amazon indicates that a replacement is not an option.What a way to do business!Neil Blum
 I used this product to hang slatwall -LRB- that stuff you see in showrooms where the hooks click into the slats -RRB- . Unfortunately its level is not good enough for this application - with slatwall you see very quickly when you do not have true level due to the length of the wall -LRB- where that small amount of variance can really add up at over 20 feet -RRB- . Thinking that I must have gotten a ` bad ' one , I exchanged for another unit . The second unit was also out of true . I am not sure why these things were n't level , however I suspect that because the internal leveling mechanism never locks during transport -LRB- it just bangs around in the case -RRB- it probably loses calibration during transport . There is not user re-calibration so once it 's off it 's off . The second unit has been returned and I intend to purchase a cross hair laser in a more professional brand -LRB- Such as the Hilti PML 32 , for example -RRB- . It will not doubt be pricier , but looking at crooked slatwall -LRB- or kitchen cabinets ? -RRB- for the next 10 years makes some extra dough worth it .
 The design is good and durable and it 's sleek looking . The crosshairs work great and are level . The best part of it is the vertical line and if that 's all you need , then it 's awesome!My problem is the horizontal line . This unit is made to rest on a flat level surface or with + / - 4 degrees from level -LRB- which is not much -RRB- . So the horizontal line gets projected at the level of where you place the FatMax Cross Line . The line is level , and that 's great . But if you want precision placement of the horizontal line , you need precision height of your flat level surface.So a tripod helps this a little . A tripod raises and lowers but only so much . The only way you can get the horizontal line up real high on your walls is to put it in manual mode and tilt the tripod unit upward . But now that it 's in manual mode , the leveling of the horizontal line and vertical line is disabled . So you have to wonder if they are really level and verify for yourself.Finally , the 1/4 '' x 20 thread built into the FatMax Cross Line Laser -LRB- for tripod mounting -RRB- is recessed about 1/8 '' in the unit . So I could n't get my tripod screw threaded into the unit because it was too deep for the tripod screw.So bottom line , the vertical line is awesome and very helpful . The horizontal line seems useless unless you use a tripod to control the height or angle of the FatMax Cross Line . And the tripod mounting screw hole is recessed too deep and may not work with your tripod .
 My Skeetervac SV-27 worked well for the first year . Kept the bugs away so we could be outside at night . Killed tons of Mosquitos , And May Flies . But only 1 year later and the skeetervac is lacking in good service . Only 2 of the 5 LED lights are working , And the Skeeter vac will not stay running . It 's a 250.00 $ paper weight right now . I will be contacting BlueRhino soon to try to replace this for free
 I was very impressed by how quickly the mosquito trap filled up . The tape caught more horse flys than mosquitos which was nice . The 2nd year it started up nicely . After a few day I went to empty the trap but the trap was empty and the machine was off . It started right up again . I checked it 30 min later and it was off . I finally determined that it would shut off after 5-10 minutes . It is now past the warrenty date and I 'm in search of a better and cost effective method of killing the litter critters .
 I purchased the Skeeter Vac 2704 last March 08 . It worked pretty well the first summer -LRB- though you should put it in the shade for best results -RRB- . Now this summer I noticed the fan was not working . I took it apart to clean and still no fan . I am not sure if I will purchase a new fan or a different product . A little disappointed . It should have lasted at least 3 - 5 years minimum for the price .
 I had this thing -LRB- the skeeter vac model CPSV3100 for 1 acre -RRB- , $ 315.00 I plunked down for it and the tac-traps -LRB- which by the way caught a lot a bugs , just none of them were mosquitos -RRB- . I put it in a spot in my back yard where I got bit the most often and sat right beside it with mosquitos eating me alive . I left the piece of junk in that very spot for a week and it caught 3 mosquitos , hardly worth the effort . Just while I was dismantling it alone I got bit more times than I can count , so believe me mosquitos were there in abundance . My advice is to buy some more citronela candles , they work better . I do n't know how they get good reviews for this , they must be hiring them , if it do n't catch mosquitos by accident in my back yard it is a peice of junk in my opinion . I sent it back to Amazon the next day.Bob Wright440-396-8037
 This product does catch mosquitoes when it runs . But they break !!!!! allot ! I had my 1 summer it worked great . The next summer the leds did n't work . They sent me the led circuit board . I was still under warranty . The next summer it will not start . Of course my warranty is over . I can buy a new motor for 135.00 . I shell out 135.00 . The send a refurbished motor assembly I hook it up it s great . The next month it will start but it will not run . The gas gauge will not move . I call up they say oh it is bad unit we will send you a replacement for the replacement . A month goes by and I call to see where my replacement is . They tell me I should have been told it is a 8 week wait for a replacement unit . Needless to say I am getting my money back . I will try a liberty brand next year
 I bought this model last year and it worked great . This year it would not start . The good thing is Blue Rhino honored the warrantee even though it expired a couple of weeks before that . They said that this model SV-27 had a flaw in the design of the combustion chamber which made it more likely to fail . They said the newer models -LRB- like SV3000 and SV5000 -RRB- have a better design . They did send me a replacement engine -LRB- basically the entire top -RRB- which is one of the newer models . I am pleased with the support I got from them but if I was buying a new one I would not get a SV27 . I would look for one of the new models .
 We live in virginia and have a bad problem . Maybe not as bad as some of the other writers who live in swamps . Bad nonetheless to the point of getting 5 bites in an hour.The unit is definately high quality . The ignitor always works . About the only mechanical problem we had was when a rodent ate through the gas line.My wife swears that the unit works , but I rarely , if ever , saw a mosquito in the basket . I attribute the decrease more to the drought we experienced.After going through five propane refills and cleaning out at most 100 mosquitos I figured that going for a sixth is just wrong for the environment . I 'll try again next season , but will look for alternatives .
 I live in Atlanta and had very high hopes in these units . First , for the price and features it 's a much better deal vs. Mosquito Magnet . I could n't imagine having to run a cord through the yard , having to mow around it with the mosquito magnet.Thus , I tried the Skeetervac . Long story short , I received a replacement unit after first time of use two summers ago . They never told me what they thought was wrong with it , and after 2-3 times back/forth with customer care , they shipped me a replacement unit -LRB- no questions asked -RRB- . Last summer , I did n't use it - did n't need it as mosquitos were low . I kept the unit in storage room in our basement.Now , I 'm into this summer and need to run the new unit they shipped me . It wo n't start just like the older unit they replaced . The battery has been replaced , and it 's clicking creating an ignition , but no `` pop '' to light the propane that is flowing into it.There 's a fundamental design flaw/issue in these units , and I 'm waiting for SkeeterVac to acknowledge this . It 's either that or a major liability waiting to happen when the unit explodes after someone holds down the ignition for 20 minutes -LRB- instead of 20 sec like they tell you -RRB- . I 'm an honest user trying to get what I hoped would be a good product - unfortunately , I 'm now going to try to get my second replacement from Skeetervac.I do not recommend , and am sorry to write this review . My intent is to try pesticides/spray to control until I 'm successful in a replacement unit.P.S . The unit I had was a 2704 .
 The Quarter Master 1/4-turn sillcock works very well , BUT . After a couple of seasons , it began leaking around the valve stem whenever the valve was on . It did not seem to be repairable and there was no information on the manufacturer 's site about parts , repair or the 100 % warranty mentioned on the product tag . At least one other reviewer on another vendor 's site mentioned this problem as well.I like the 1/4-turn on-off feature , but will not buy this product in the future .
 I run a small cabinet shop , got this blade as a glueline rip -LRB- meaning very little kerf travel , smooth cut -RRB- and it sucks . Not only is there no hook in teeth design , which makes it very hard to push thru -LRB- even softwoods -RRB- but there is a tendency for product to move away from fence while feeding , very difficult to keep a perfectly straight rips going ... and as everybody knows , if you dont get a perfect rip , your glue joint will suck the big one . I found myself having to make the random length rip , then set fence back 1/16th and run it thru again . This helped , gave me `` good enough '' but boy my arms were tired at the end of the day after 300brd feet ... would not recommend this blade for any reason , other than for a upper body workout ymmv
 I bought this blade for $ 20 on clearance at my Rocker store.I have a well-tuned Powermatic saw and the cut quality is visibly poor . I have an older resharpened Freud ripping blade and a cheap DeWalt 40 tooth combination blade , both of which do a FAR better job ripping than the CMT . I am very suprised considering CMT 's reputation but not every product a company makes can be a winner . Even at $ 20 , its not worth it .
 Save your money . Does n't take long for them to start leaking . Have replaced 3 in 2 years . Customer service wants proof of purchase for replacement parts . Really ? Why would I want your parts if I did n't own your product ?
 Works great for 1 or 2 seasons , then leaks like a sieve . I have replaced two of them . No more . I 'm going to avoid Mueller and QuarterMaster from now on .
 Lasts 2 seasons and spews water non stop if you leave your hose connected and this valve opened or on . A better explanation is when you stop the water at the hose end and walk away within a minute water is flowing on the ground from the handle area of this valve . My plumbers explanation was `` they are junk '' and obviously not made to last .
 This light worked perfectly fine in my Discovery Wonderwall projector for a month . Then a black spot formed in the middle of the picture which grew rapidly to block out nearly half of the picture so that only the edges could be seen . Unfortunately , this happened a week or so after the 30day return mark .
 Bought this overpriced garbage and the handle fell apart after just a few days , the swivel attachment rotates downward from the weight of the handle until it falls out and onto the person bathing and the cord started leaking at the connections . No amount of plumbers tape could fix the leak and the handle peices open and close like a clamshel as you move it . Thanks to its inflexible height I needed to make holes in the tiles to install it , so now the choice is to either find a different unit exactly the same height , replace the tiles or just continue to use this junk . Almost forgot to mention that everything except the vertical bar and the soap dish are made of plastic NOT CHROME , even the bar-end mounting knobs are plastic !
 I gave this product one star because it does have the bar and you can move the shower head up and down , but that 's about the extent of its positive attributes.The showerhead is so heavy that it keeps falling forward . Consequently the hose kept getting folded over and sprang a leak . I have yet to find a replacement hose that fits properly . I contacted the company but got no response . I bought another hose , but it does n't fit into the holder properly and so now the showerhead really does n't like to stay in the holder unless it 's absolutely straight . Altogether , it makes taking a shower a rather dreaded , not enjoyable , event.Also , I had to anchor the hose onto something with a velcro tie to make the showerhead more stable.It sounded too good to be true ... and it was . I 'm constantly in fear of that heavy showerhead falling on my head . And now I 've got this bar installed ... argh ! ******* In frustration I contacted Waterpik again and to my surprise they answered and ended up sending me a completely new showerhead kit . So I am now satisfied with their customer service , but the product still needs improvement : -- the hose is too short -- the head drips -- the head is too heavy -LRB- falls forward and causes hose to crack -RRB- The main pro is that the showerhead is moveable and in my situaion , that 's absolutely necessary .
 I got this to mark off a section of the dance floor for A bouncer to stand , did n't stick so we were going to use it on the metal railing So people stop running into it , again it did n't stick . So last we were going to try to stick it to a wooden beam and AGAIN IT DID N'T STICK ! Useless .
 This product did not meet our expectations . It was much darker that what was on the website and was more difficult to put up . However we found a video on how to put up the product that was very helful .
 The background is blue and there are other colors in the bamboo than what is pictured . Do n't get it . Inaccurate picture . I 'm returning mine .
 This item in the description is not the item I received , it 's misleading , I was going to place a huge order , due to this , i will go to another company , I am very upset and unhappy , this color scheme do not match anything . Now , I have to take time off to return it.Very unsatisfied customer .
 I got this to mark off a section of the dance floor for A bouncer to stand , did n't stick so we were going to use it on the metal railing So people stop running into it , again it did n't stick . So last we were going to try to stick it to a wooden beam and AGAIN IT DID N'T STICK ! Useless .
 This light is built too cheaply . Normally such a bar fixture would have 2 bolts extending from the back panel through the front panel -LRB- with matching chrome nuts -RRB- to ensure a tight fit . Not so this fixture ; the front panel is held in place ONLY by the press-on chrome rings that surround the bulb base . The consequense is a loose-fitting chrome front panel that does not hug the wall as it should ... spend more , get more .
 I got this to mark off a section of the dance floor for A bouncer to stand , did n't stick so we were going to use it on the metal railing So people stop running into it , again it did n't stick . So last we were going to try to stick it to a wooden beam and AGAIN IT DID N'T STICK ! Useless .
 Bought a pair , they look good from a distance but build quality screams CHEAP -LRB- rough edges , very light , keeps moving around the bed-stand , tough to clean , the top pops out very easily -RRB- . I have had them for about 3 years and keep planning to throw them out and replace with something more nicely-made .
 Barely got one days use out of it , bulb wiring was messed up , tried to fix it but not worth it.Bummer cause it 's cute expected it to last longer considering it was n't $ 10 !
 Installed 2 of these rings when the master bath was remodeled two years ago . I like the Forte appearance and the device is substantial in construction . However , the ring which holds the towel is fixed in place rather than hinged ; therefore no movement . That makes it difficult to place or remove the towel . Very inconvenient and one is reminded every time the towel is used . The other items in the Kohler Forte line are satisfactory -LRB- the single handle sink faucet -RRB- or outstanding -LRB- all of the others that we have -RRB- .
 This is an attractive ring . After having ours for > 1 year , we would definitely not purchase it again . The hex-wrench set-screw that holds the ring onto the wall attachment is a poor design that easily comes loose and falls off .
 This product worked fine for about 10 weeks . It then started shuting down while in the middle of the shower . Turning off the water and then turning the water back on , the unit would then start delivering hot water . I contacted tech support numerous times and they say nothing is wrong with the unit . They want me to send pictures of the installation , have a gas tech come out -LRB- $ 80.00 my expense -RRB- and check the gas pressure on thier side of the gas regulator . The last tech I talked to said to turn the gas shut off valve almost off and see if that helped . It does help but did not fix the problem . Think about it , use your gas shout off valve to make it work right . He said that my ground water temp was probaly too warm -LRB- 71 degrees -RRB- . They will not tell me in writing what they require of me to get the unit replaced or what they deem wrong enough to replace the unit . Apparently working fine for 10 weeks and then sending cold water during your shower daily is not enough .
 Going one 3 years now and yet again another part has broken!I have had to replace the hydro generator the pilot gas limiter and the main limiter . This has been a waste of money . I have now spent more on this water heater than a more expensive reliable unit.I am going to get rid of this pos POS and get a better one.Do not but this water heater unless you got losts of money and do n't mind cold showers .
 This heater has been a never-ending source of trouble since day one . Wo n't turn on all the time , shuts off in middle of a shower . Had it installed by the only bosch certified plumber within 100 miles . He 's now retired and nobody around here will touch one , but they will work on other brands . Mention bosch and they go running ... that aughta tell you all you need to know . Customer service is not much help , IF you can get them on the phone in the first place . They do not stand behind their product either . Currently waiting for a part to try to fix this because nobody stocks anything for these . Meanwhile , I 've been without hot water for a week . Thanks for nothing Bosch .
 I had a aqulstar for about 7 years w/o any problem before.last night when I using hot water I noticed that the fire did not stop after I turn the water off.Then my units get overheated and I found ash coming down -LRB- due to copper piper burnt -RRB- , water pipe leaking -LRB- maybe o ring get burnt -RRB- . It is dangerous . my house may get either burnt or flooded if I did not see this .
 This unit works great in the summer , save gas/money & gets very hot . If I lived in florid it would be great , but in south jersey , forget it . If you keep playing with the water supply to cut it down to a dribble & the gas as high as it can go , the water is warm . Forget about washing clothes in the winter in hot water .
 Ordered this to find out it was not the right one for my application to start . When we received the unit it was missing the controls cover plate and there were screws and the igniter loose in the original box . We shipped it back the next day and had to pay for the return due to we bought the wrong unit , regardless of the missing parts . THat is ok it was my fault for not reading the technical manual better , taught me a lesson .
 Although I did n't buy this unit from Amazon , I thought I should let folks know about the troubles I have had with the MT-350 . It worked for a couple months during the summer and seemed to catch mosquitoes , however it quit just before the end of the season . Since then I have n't been able to get past the 3 blinking lights -LRB- no propane -RRB- . Tried everything to fix the problem . Called Flowtron customer support several times with little satisfaction ... they kept saying try something else to troubleshoot the problem.The latest call resulted in them telling me the unit is now beyond warranty even though the unit failed before the warranty period expired . And they had the gall to tell me I could send them $ 175 for an `` upgraded '' head unit . It appears they have fixed some old problems . This is not what I call customer service especially after spending $ 400 to purchase the unit in the first place.Bottom line ... unit does n't work and customer service does n't either ! I would say avoid the Flowtron PowerTrap MT-350 !
 This unit worked for one summer , I stored it indoors and set it up the next spring . It refused to work so I cleaned the lines with a CO2 cartridge . That did n't work so I sent it to the manufacturer . They sent back a rebuilt unit that worked for one day . It seems the lines get clogged and the unit must be dissassembled and cleaned . This appears to be a design flaw with all of these types of mosquito catchers.Fortunately , I purchased this unit from Costco and brought it back for a full refund no questions asked !
 Worked for 1 season , then just stopped catching mosquitoes.Not sure why , was cleaned and stored indoors over the winter , added a brand new propane tank , new attractant , and recleaned in spring .
 This was given to us . We set it up . It caught 2 mosquitos overnight . We tried again . We gave it back . We had read all the bad reviews on it . We had to give it a fair shot for a few nights . NOT worth the money if you 're planning on buying one .
 I took a leap of faith on essentially this same unit -LRB- without the wheels -RRB- and purchased through Costco . Man I want to like this unit , but it is impossible . As expected , the fan went out in about a year . This is pretty consistent , and I figured , well , I 'll see if I like it , and if I do , I 'll just replace the fan when it fails . Not entirely a bad deal , since the fan is $ 44.95 or so , and this is one of the few Mosquito traps that combine LPG , octenol , and some electronic sounds/lights . But the company ca n't get out of its own way . They 're a bit hard to reach to begin with , but the only way to get a replacement fan for this unit is to mail them a check ! The single customer service representative who seems to reply to email and answer the phone -LRB- Shelly -RRB- , is n't setup for any type of payment , even though they run an online store for accessories . And on the accessories website , they do n't sell parts , just accessories . With every single review containing stories of fans failing after a year , how much trouble would it be to carry the fan in the online store ? And keep in mind this is YEARS after reviewers started reporting fan failures . What an idiotic company.I really wanted to keep this sucker , but alas , back to Costco it goes . Costco 's stopped carrying these , so no wonder why . For folks who have n't bought from Costco , Flowtron surely must have extracted a lot of money and grief with this stuff . Here 's hoping justice is served by their departure from the marketplace .
 caught two mosquitos in three daysI was getting eaten alive while trying to find out why it did n't work .
 be careful when ordering this , right now p/n 70052 is a compression crimper for BNC , RCA and `` F '' type connectors ... you will not receive the DIY Crimp bundle if ordered ...
 ordered this flashlite as a Xmas gift
 Anyone interested in this spray head be aware it does not include any mounting hardware and without it makes this virtually useless .
 My experience with this tool was very negative.I was unable to get a clean cut using this tool . The tile I was cutting was porcelin tile which has a harder surface than regular ceramic tile . But , I ended up with broken tile.My large porcelin tile cost over $ 6 each , so I could n't afford to use this tool.Note
 This tile cutter is ok for making horizontal or vertical cuts but diagonals ... NO WAY . I still ca n't figure out how to use it to make a diagonal cut . The cutter does not allow the tile to be snapped in the middle it can only be snapped when the cutter is placed to the top SINCE THE CUTTING WHEEL CA N'T MOVE UPWARDS ... not flexible enough .
 I bought the $ 30 model at my local home improvement store to accompany a borrowed wet saw for my tile job . We are using 17-inch marble-like , ceramic tiles . This thing does n't score them at all , certainly not a one time pass . I 've had to score a tile 10-20x to get a deep enough cut . The tiles I have cut upon snapping , break off and are not clean cuts . I 've also had to replace -LRB- reinstall -RRB- the cutting wheel because the screw that holds it comes loose ! It does n't have a nut on the end of it and it works it 's way free.Either this is crap or I do n't know how to use it . Back to the wet saw for a sure cut . I 've seen other similar reviews for others , so maybe it 's not just me .
 These sanding discs are really NOT very good . I got another brand at home depot they were three times the price but also about four times better . This sand paper has to switched out after about 10 minutes of sanding where as the other ones I got last almost if not more than 30 minutes !! I suggest spending the money and getting something better .
 Inferior sanding discs that overheat and can not be fully removed from the sander resulting in damage to the sander pad
 I took a chance on this contour gauge because my old one with the wire fingers rusted and fingers fell out . This gage has fingers that wo n't rust and wo n't fall out . The problem is that the fingers are too thick for a good contour copy and they are so loose that they wo n't hold the contour in any position but horizontal . I was extremely disappointed in M-D Building Products Contour Gauge . I do n't recommend this product at all .
 This nipper will not bite each other teeth . do n't buy this if you have small job or one time used Like I did . it can only bite the title only . It not completely cut
 I bought this tool to use on my slate flooring job in a bathroom . The nippers were too small for this job . They were useless . Not sure what they are made for ... I guess if you have paper thin tile it would work .
 I live in Chicago and it gets awfully cold in the winter . On really cold days , the doorbell would ring by itself ! Sometimes it would make this horrible dying cat sound in the middle of the night when it was extremely cold . It was so annoying that I had to remove the batteries and discontinue using it . Also , the battery in the doorbell buzzer would come loose if you pressed it too hard , so most of the time it did n't work anyway . I was very disappointed with this doorbell .
 Towel bar is visually attractive but the quality is n't up to par with other Moen lines of hardware . For instance the disc that covers the wall anchor feels like plastic metal .
 The product was not the same as it looked in the picture , and even worse the packaging was so bad that the interior box was destroyed . I had to redo wire work to get the light to work . I would not recommend by from the supplier of this product .
 In the promo there was no clue this fixture was designed for light-weight incandescent bulbs . I intended to use it with PAR30 LEDs . The heavy LEDs cause the sockets to sag , so the bulbs are off center . The low price should have told me this is a dog the vendor is trying to unload . I 'm dumping it in a charity bin .
 I bought one of these one year ago and was very happy with it 's appearance and function . But yesterday it just fell apart . Apparently the screw in the bottom that holds the whole thing together worked loose and went down the drain . That seems to me to be a design flaw . I doubt most people will want to have to remember to periodically tighten the screw .
 I ordered two sink drains and both have obvious flaws in workmanship . One fixture has a deep pitting through the satin finish and into the underlying brass . The other had an uneven finish coating with an unfinished area appearing to be scortched or blackened.To be fair this is a reflection of poor quality by the parts manufacturer -LRB- or their supplier -RRB- . Unfortunately , this also means that the vendor shipped these parts to their customer.In the future , I will buy locally in a situation where I can inspect the product before making a purchase . My choice of fixture will be based on the availability and inspection of all required parts before purchase .
 Product never worked from the time the package was opened . No matter how many times the batteries were changed or the codes reset the results were the same . Took 21/2 months to credit my account once the item was sent back . Bought a similar item from local hardware store for $ 10.00 less and it works great !
 I installed this on the side wall of my house . I set it up so that the sensor and the lights point to the left side.lights turn ok . but not the sensor . you can turn it only so much and the sensitivity is poor . maybe I did not pay enough for a light that could do what I needed .
 I am not sure what this brand is about but I purchased 6 from local home depot and had to return all in 2 weeks as they failed . My neighbour purchased 4 and none worked after a week.Heath Zenith , Please get into some other business as you are bringing some cheap product in the market , which is very unreliable and cheap.After buying this product , I realized how bad some products can be , . .
 Do not waste your money on this product . It is plastic construction not metal as advertised and carries only a 2 year warranty not the 10 year warranty advertised . Returned my purchase -LRB- three times -RRB- for credit as Amazon could not provide the product as specified .
 When I received this product , I was only able to screw one light bulb into it . The 2nd metal socket was completely missing from the inside . Since I ordered it a month before my builder was ready for it , I did n't realize it in time to return and the customer service was not very helpful at all .
 Items arrived on time in good condition , the price was good , installation was easy , but setting the amount of time the light stays on does not work for me , and the sensor is inconsistent . I had it installed and tested the sensor about 5 times before i called my wife out to show her , at which point the sensor would n't turn the light on even when i was 4 feet away from it . She rolled her eyes and went back inside . The lights will stay on for 1 minute when i set the time to one minute , but if i set to 5 or10 minutes the lights turn off after 10 seconds . Returning and will spend more money for a better product .
 it worked for couple weeks but now it goes off like every 8 seconds over and over not very good product and i think it blow a 2500 hour bulb in less than maybe 3 weeks if that
 I bought two lights . One worked and the other one did not . Well actually , it does work . Just not as advertised . It never goes off , day , night , motion or no motion . I sent the provider a emailn about it and have never received a response !
 do not buy this product because you have to reprogram it every time you turn off power that powers it -LRB- switch -RRB- .
 We purchased three of these . We needed some outdoor light fixtures in a hurry . These were cheap enough that I felt we could replace them in a short time if we needed to.We initially purchased one . It worked fine for a few months so we went ahead and bought to more identical ones for the 2 additional fixtures that we needed . About a week after we purchased the two additional ones and had them installed the first one started to go on the fritz . One night the dog decided he needed to go out at 2 am . The light decided to essentially Blink . On and off ... about every 5 seconds . I swore it would stop . After about 15 minutes of watching it and worrying that it would bother one of our neighbors I finally went out to the garage and turned the switch off that it is attached to.The timer on that light no longer really works . It just stays on as long as it feels like it . I have n't seen it do the &#34; blinking &#34; again , but it certainly does n't stay on for the 10 minutes that I have selected.The other two seem to be working fine so far , but I anticipate they will fail too in a short amount of time . I feel like this item is a hit-or-miss item . Its made poorly so some will be fine , and others will freak out.If you 're deciding between this one and a slightly more expensive one , I might spend the few extra bucks if you 're looking for something that lasts . I hoped ours would last at least the 6 months to a year that we required , but obviously that was asking too much . I certainly wo n't be replacing it until the spring weather , so if it goes on the blink again , I might just try to live without it until the spring . Our back yard is sort of a motion-light-mine-field so if the other two can pull through I think we 'll be fine .
 purchased two of these , both faulty for different reasons . One unit goes on , but not off ; the other does n't go on until you are almost under it . My advice-buy a different brand .
 Made from flimsy sheet metal . Frames bent and bowed . Spot welds at corners popping loose . Louvers falling out of frame . Sent them back to -LSB- ... -RSB- Cost me 18 Bucks . Then they want a 10 % restocking fee and 25 % for opened packages . What a joke . Made my American Metal . I read reviews on here that made them sound like good products . If you order them you will be sorry . FYI
 I should have listened to the one bad review on this item , he was right . it is cheap and cheesy , falls apart . i had to put a few pop-rivets in it and a few tack welds to hold it together to work the way it should . it is just the regular thin model with a damper part added to it that does not fit right over even stay on . Spend the extra money and buy a good one .
 Do not buy from Timberline Tools for ANY reason ... unless you are willing to wait for your order to clear the Panama Canel !
 Not a very useful meter . It is very limited when it comes to reading resistance . There is only one scale for Ohms . So , from 500 to 2000 Ohms is about you can read accurately . Also , there is no audible tone for testing continuity . Check Sperry meters before buying one of these . They cost about the same , and have far better features .
 I was hoping that the Red Rooster mask would be comparable to the 3M 8500 model . As it turns out , I purchased 124.00 worth of useless mask . They are too flimsy , disfigured in the box , and approximately one half of the elastic head bands break upon application . These are not exagerated findings .
 I was looking for a halogen picture light -LRB- as halogen seems to be the best light for displaying artwork -RRB- and ordered this one thinking it 'd be good . The plastic piece that you mount on the wall was badly cracked when it arrived and I had to send it back . It did n't seem very sturdy at all and also hung out from the wall more than I thought it would -LRB- when I just hand held it in place to see what it would look like -RRB- . It would seem to attract attention to itself - rather than subtly lighting the picture . I would not order this type again but would go for a more low profile model that is less obtrusive .
 Very disappointed when I opened the outside box . The actual light box was opened and looked to have been a used item . No assembly instruction , halogen lamp not in its box , cracked wall mounting unit . There may have been some other items missing from the box . Submitted paperwork for a return and refund .
 I purchased 2 of these lights for my artwork thinking I would receive a quality product based on price.One of the transformers did not work but was quickly replaced.Herein lies the rub ... After several months , one of the fixtures began emitting a faintly noticeable bit of smoke . A couple days later the bulb did not light . I went to replace that bulb & I found the fixture was brittle & crumbling . The other is still working fine but I now am concerned about the safety of the product .
 The light worked for 2 weeks . Last night , I found one the lamp was just hanging down . Looking closely , one of the tighten ring is already disintegrated .
 Great price , right ? Wrong . It will cost you time , and hassle , and in the end , very likely you will need to return the useless object.I installed three different motion detector lights last week . The Health Zenith Halogen light seems pretty good , but this one is just junk.Wasted my time installing it , and discovered that this particular unit was apparently stuck in a state wherein it strobes on and off a few seconds at a time , and the motion detection is immaterial to the strobing . No amount of resetting puts it in a useful state . In theory , you should be able to put the unit back in `` Auto '' mode by shutting the power off for the requisite time period , but something 's wrong with this one . The screw holes in the gasket that came with it was already punched out -- unlike other lights from the same manufacturer received at the same time -- so I wonder if this one had been returned before and sent out again.Nothing shrieks , `` Nobody 's home ! '' like a porch light that strobes on/off in short intervals until someone just shuts off the power and puts it out of its misery.No wonder they 're on `` clearance '' . Do n't waste your time .
 Bought them for much more at Lowes . After a year or so they stop sensing & stay on all nite . There is a reason they are on clearance . Junk !!!
 After installation two of the four fixtures did not come on after dark.After a long minute phone wait I finally spoke to a Helpline person at Heath Zenithand they assured me I would get two replacements mailed to me.I did get one replacement and have again sent a request for a second replacement.The two units that work are doing well and have no issues.I will buy a different unit next time as these obviously have a high failure rate , probablythat 's why the price is so cheap .
 the lights are to sensitivity the wind makes them come on have turned sens all the way down and they still come on
 I have gone through three of these . They work very well but degrade with time . Either they stay on during the day as they get older or wo n't shut off at night . The are good for about 6 months to a year .
 First this is all plastic , not really a bad thing . The wiring to the motion sensor is small in comparison to the rest of the wiring . With motion sensitivity on the highest setting it only works within 8 feet , which is useless . Sometimes it fails to turn off too . This thing is junk .
 I bought 2 and both stop working within 2 months . Moisture got into the cheap plastic sensor housing and shorted out . I should have spent the extra money and got a better built unit .
 This item is not made very well ... it needs more metal parts ... breaks real easy and angle adjustment are bad also as they will notStay in place ...
 The mounting holes of this light are 45 degrees off the vertical or horizontal axis of the holes on the electrical box . It is impossible to mount correctly without some unsightly drilling .
 It wokrs but it is very very very cheap china stuff . Very dissapointed but should have know by the price .
 Perhaps this is stated in the product description , but this product would n't work at all with the electrical box I have on the outside of my home . My box requires a metal bracket that goes across diagonally where there is a screw hole in the middle , this product requires a box where there are 4 screws at each point of the square.The product is also all plastic , very cheap , but that 's not really a knock since it 's also very cheaply priced .
 ca n't say anything about it . it wouldn , t work , and local store would n't take it back . bought another one but do n't have it up yet .
 This would be a good item except that I can not use it . It is incompatible with my garage door opener .
 Product did n't work well , was rather watery . In fact , regular white-out worked better . However , I contacted the company and they cheerfully refunded my money including shipping , no questions asked . So , they stood behind their product and no harm done .
 When you order this lamp from Shoplet , they will send you a four pack of lightbulbs instead . Apparently they have the item numbers mixed up in their database .
 The lights are terribly unreliable . I initially purchased 5 , 2 of which were dead on arrival . Of the next 2 , both worked . After a year , 2 of the remaining 5 stop working -LRB- stayed on all the time -RRB- . So , of my 7 units , 3 are still functioning after one year -LRB- > 50 % failure rate -RRB- . Of those 3 , 2 work as they should , and the third works most of the time but occasionally goes into a mode where it quickly cycles on and off.At least none caught on fire , so they 're probably okay if you 're planning on putting them in a Boeing airliner , but the average homeowner will probably want to avoid these .
 I have purchased this brand through the years , from hardware and box stores . And never had any luck with them . These have real sensor problems that H-Z never can seem to resolve . Coming on in daylight , staying on all the time . Just never , never had any luck with this brand.Thinking H-Z may be better now , ordered this one from Amazon . Right off bat , same problems . Read their literature and tried every adjustment I could make . Nothing worked . Returned . End of story . Now looking for another brand sensor floodlight .
 I ordered 3 of these units , 2 of which were installed . One was working great for about 3 weeks , and now it turns on sometimes , and not at other times . I can walk up to it in the middle of the night and wave my hand over the motion sensor and it will not turn the lights on . Then recently , on few occasions , it turns on , but one has to be a few feet away , even though it is set to high sensitivity . The other installed unit appears to have a broken sensitivity button . It is too sensitive and turns on repeatedly without noticeable motion changes . Cheap price , but not worth it if it does not work . Going to install the 3rd unit I purchased to replace one of the installed two units . Hope it works ...
 Worked fine till the first heavy rain then it just stayed on all the time . Replaced the following week dont buy
 there sitting on the floor on the steps taking up space . nnnnnnk ghgfjhkgf oihih igi po jojoiuj oljikh iug okj l ; ; i oj pk ; l ; k h ; oi j lk ; l j po ; k ; lk ; lmn ; lk
 Operates quite well for a while , then stops working -LRB- with lights off -RRB- for a while . Some days it wo n't turn on first thing , then intermittant the rest of the day . Very annoying when depending on the lights , can not force them on so as to see . If it would not go dead at times , the device would be perfect ! Sensor works as advertised-when it is working.Service by the seller was outstanding , can not fault them for the problem with the product.A week later ... I just threw it away and ordered a different fixture ... Could n't take the intermitant behavior any longer . Too cheap to justify a return , maybe that was the plan , you think !
 Let me start by saying I installed three of these lights on my house over fifteen years ago and two of them are still working fine . The third one went bad recently and I ordered a new one from Amazon . Installed it in the exact same spot on the eve of the house , same wiring , etc. . As soon as dusk came , the light came on and stayed on about five minutes . Went off . Came back on in a minute or two . Went off after the five minutes . Came on again . It does this over and over for no reason I can see . There 's nothing to cause it to come on . I tried all the settings and adjustments available . Same results . Sent it back and Amazon quickly sent me a another one . The next one would stay off a bit longer but would eventually come on , again for no reason . I sure was pleased with the first three and the service I got from them . Tells me these are not of the same quality as they were years ago . No more Heath Zeniths for me .
 Just like all these heath zenith lights , they only work for so long . Mine did n't last a week , now it just turns on and stays on regardless of motion or not -LRB- I am aware of the motion and on modes , not the problem here -RRB- . Even in test mode , it will turn off for 1 second , then on for 10 , then repeat . These things are junk , if I could find another manufacture I would try those . I 've replaced so many of these over the years it just is n't worth it . I now just put a florescent light in the sockets and leave them on all night . Much cheaper . Stay away from Heath Zenith !
 The sensor timer switch and manual mode do not work . I have the sensor time set at 10 min and the light always turns off after 1 min . I didnt realize it until the fixture was already installed and it just was not worth the effort to take it down . The light also features a manual mode ; turn the light on for 1 second , off and back on and the light should be manual until daylight . That simply doesnt work . I wouldnt buy again .
 small and weak . not worth almost 40 bucks for a flashlight that fits in the palm of your hand . its going back
 When trying to replace xenon bulb , the metal contact on the back of the black electronics board -LRB- the actual place where the light bulb plugs into -RRB- broke off and now the light is a throwaway . I have looked for a replacement part and have been unable to find one .
 Barrel is solid . Excellent fit , finish . High grade machining and knurling . Why the big neg ? The light spot has ~ 6 dark rings . Looks like an interference pattern . The rings exist both closeup and far away . Totally unusable except for taking a quick peek in the dark . I do n't know if it 's the design or a defective unit . I 've returned it and do n't plan to order a replacement . I 'm very happy with the 2-AA unit and will probably order a second one . It 's bigger of course , but still compact.Note added
 Disappointed - I was specifically looking for a connection for garden hose to kitchen sink faucet.This came up and seemed to be what I was after.But not so fast - this is a garden hose to garden hose faucet quick connect.Works fine , but not what I thought it wasMy fault , I guess .
 This item was coupled with an indoor hose as being frequebtly bought together . Everyone , I 'm sure had the same experience I had ... it does n't go with indoor hose or fawcet !! Nothing seems to go with indoor hose ... and this item is for outdoor fawcet .
 Do n't buy this to keep deer out . They ate right through this . I was hoping that this would work as the price was reasonable . Save your money if you are hoping this will protect crops , trees etc. . It wo n't . I just went out to check on trees planted this fall and the fence has several holes from the deer . My newly planted trees were eaten too .
 I do n't want to get into the packaging review vs. product review . All I know is that what I received was light weight like deer netting , not fencing . Two differences that I see are 1 -RRB- the product I received was black , not green as shown in the picture and 2 -RRB- the package I received was marked 7 lbs . on the cardboard box that it arrived in . The netting or fencing or whatever it is feels more like 2 or 3 pounds , the cardboard box -LRB- big -RRB- makes up the difference . From Amazon 's description of this item it should have been 7.5 lbs . without the box . I am returning to Amazon for a refund , what a waste of time .
 I purchased this in early March 2011 on Amazon . What I received in the mail a week later was Ross Deer Netting , which is very different than what is listed here and sells for only $ 18 on Amazon . I received a full refund , but frustrating to buy a product and get something totally different . Amazon 's sticker on the product even said it was Easy Gardner Deer Fencing . Very misleading . Do Not Buy this from Amazon !!!
 We installed five rolls of this deer barrier fencing . The deer have gone through the fencing several times . It rips quite easy . We cut a piece and patch it over the rip with zip ties . It does n't look pretty . I wish we had gone with a stronger deer fence . We will probably have to take all this down and replace it with something better . Also when installing , one half is straight and the other half is on an angle . The squares are not lined up straight . Makes it harder to install . Maybe it was a defect in the rolls we received . So if you have deer that want to come through they will with no problem . We watched one the other night come running , jump through one side and straight through the other side as if it was n't there . If they want to come through they will .
 I have purchased the deer barrier FENCING before -LRB- about a year ago -RRB- without any issues . HOWEVER , this time , when the item arrived , it was the WRONG item - it was deer NETTING - these are entirely different products . The netting is 1/3 the cost of the fencing and lightweight - the fencing is much more heavy duty . So , I returned the product hoping that with a replacement , I would get the correct item . No , not so lucky . For the second time , I received the incorrect product . The AMAZON LABEL was correct but the ITEM was not - someone put the wrong Amazon label on the product so I am sure that is why I got the wrong item for the second time . The PLUS in all of this is that Amazon is FANTASTIC in the return process . They make it easy to do returns without much hassle at all . I just wish the correct item was possible to acquire . Oh , well ... . I do believe that they are now aware of the problem . - Jan W.
 These gloves over all have a nice aesthetic about them but unfortunately they do n't fit very well.There seems to be a limit in sizes . I got these for use in the gym . But despite the size meant for my hsnd a medium/large , they honestly felt almost double my size resulting in them shifting and ultimately leaving my hands with a feeling of irritation.Nice looking glove durable enough , but need overall to fit better .
 I 'm sure this product works some of the time , but ours worked for 24 hours and then never worked again . At first I thought we put the pins in wrong , but it actually stopped updating the little clock . I ended up returning it and spending $ 4 more for something that sounded like it might actually work .
 I own 2 ; one quit after a month , the other continues to work after 1 + years . At least these timers are quiet , even when they work ; - -RRB-
 I bought two Intermatic Time-All Model No . TN311 from True Value Hardware in Moab , Utah . I tried to use them last night but they did n't work . The circle does not revolve so that the off and on settings do n't advance and do anything . All they did was to get hot so I unplugged them after an hour . I was afraid they might cause a fire . I went back to the store today and they opened a new package . I asked them to plug the new ones in while I left the store for about an hour . When I came back they gave me two of them -LRB- my original two or the two new ones ? -RRB- and said to try them out but that if they did n't work properly they would give me an upgraded version . The two the store gave me today also do n't work . The store said there were no safety recalls but I know they did not check on this . The items were used with a 3 prong grounded outlet . The circle can be turned by hand so that none of them are frozen into position . Apparently the motor in them is defective , missing , or not connected . All of the timers will turn off and on a lamp if the circle is turned by hand .
 I purchashed 3 of these timers ... 2 of them do not shut off light ... always on , except for a brief time when the finger is toggeling to the off mode , then light goes back on . Something not functioning right internally , so these are going back for replacement . Hope the new ones work . I have a couple of `` old '' ones been turning on the fish tank lights for 15 years reliably and are the same brand .
 I have used these timers since February -LRB- now April -RRB- on a daily basis . Sometimes the little mechanical/plastic tabs do not turn the lights on or off . It misses about once per week . If you need your timer to reliably work , order a digital timer that is not mechanically based .
 The dial is moved forward way too easily and then the times get all messed up . Just putting it down you have to not put it down too fast or the times will change as it touches the ground . If there is anything that might touch it it will move the time forward or stop it from moving all together . The it will stay on or off till you figure out its not working properly .
 It was good while it lasted even though I had to correct the time every few months . It stayed fairly consistent ... . until it died about a year later . Now , I 'm back on amazon looking for it 's replacement . Hoping my next timer outlasts this one .
 I use the timer for my air conditioner -LRB- the apartments all have old ones with no timers -RRB- so that my cats can stay cool during summer . Luckily , yesterday I was home and the air conditioner did n't come on . I checked the timer and the everything was frozen like cement . I pull it out of the wall socket and it is totally melted in the back . I had to pry the air conditioner plug out of it . I had a second one but it would n't work at all . I bought these things 2 years ago and they are only used for the 3 months of summer.Thinking of getting a heavy-duty outside timer and use it inside for the A/C . Perhaps one with a breaker switch inside of it if too much power is drawn . I check the A/c with Kill-A-Watts and it is within specs for this timer .
 If you are using an HID , require precision , efficiency , or being able to use all the outlets on your power strip cleanly without a squid or foul looks from inspectors , then you need to lose the intermatic junk and get with the Stanley 38425 TimerMax Digislim Daily Digital Indoor Lamp Timer , White , 2-Pack for 5 bucks more and thank yourself for not being retarded.The real question is not should you buy this POS analog timer , it 's why did it take the industry 20 years to make it obsolete with the Stanley?Now when I 'm home alone and set up timed events to scare off the crackheads I know it works every time !
 I bought the wrong item . I thought this was an alarm . It turns out it 's a device that allows items requiring a power outlet to be turned on & off via a timer . I could n't return it so I 'm essentially stuck with something I totally do n't need . Thanks guys ! : -LRB-
 Selected this time timer because it was rated at 15 amps . Plugged it in and `` programmed '' the pins . It would turn on power , but would not turn it off . Tried adjusting the `` off '' pins , but it still would not turn off the power .
 This produce is junk only worked for 3 days . Timer does not trip on and off . I would not and recommend buying any intermatic product you would be wasting your money . I 've had three different types of intermatic timers and everyone quit working within a year or less from purchase date . Very disappointed .
 Lasted six months before failure . This is the third timer from different manufacturer to fail in a short time . Seeing as these are sealed and unrepairable , they must be replaced instead of fixed . After I dissected this timer , the failure was , as appears to be common with these , a failure in the gear train and not anything electrical.I would prefer to use a mechanical timer as it is not unusual for us to experience power fluctuations that confuse digital stuff and I do not want to have to reset timers each time there is a flicker . I guess that I will have to get a real time clock and relay -LRB- much higher cost -RRB- but at $ 20 a timer I guess payback would not take long . Pity that manufacturers can not understand that consumers will pay for quality , but are not willing to pay a premium for shoddy goods .
 They just stop working after about 3 months . I wish I could get my money back because these are way less durable than expected .
 Just after the return policy expiration one of these timers stopped working . Amazon is good in its return policy BUT I hate manufacturers that make things that last `` just long enough '' . I have had other timers that lasted for years . Shame on Intermatic !! Redemption ! The 2nd timer began making such a noise that it is annoying to sit in the same room . To Intermatic 's credit , I have contacted them via Customer Service , provided Amazon purchase information , they took action quickly and they will replace the 2 faulty timers . Lets see how long these last . I am hopeful.Keep you posted!Update
 The little green thingies that are suppposed to trip the switch do n't line up right , so they pass right by without causing the switch to go on . The design concept is good , but it simply does not work . I 've had an identical Intermatic timer like this and used it for years and years ... it was good . Intermatic usually makes good stuff , but this must have been made somewhere cheap and it does not work .
 Keeps very poor time . I have to adjust the time once a week as it gains or loses between 30 minutes and an hour per week .
 Need to fiddle around with minute parts to make it work . Since the dial is analog , seems you ca n't set something to happen * exactly * at a particular time but around a particular time . There are exactly three lines of `` instruction '' in the `` manual '' so no real way to troubleshoot . Barely adequate .
 I rated this low because I never got the product . I ordered it and it kept getting delayed . Finally after two months I had enough and cancelled the order . Not likely Amazons fault but beware !
 The hot and water shanks were a half inch shorter than standard shanks so I could not install it in my counter to replace a standard one my self requiring me to hire and pay a plumber more than faucet cost-should have been a 15 min job but not with sub standard length shanks
 This is a connector for some sort of 2 conductor track lighting . I have 3 conductor 120V track lighting -LRB- which I thought was standard -RRB- . Part might work fine but its not what I was expecting to receive .
 After about 3 months , the timer failed to turn on at the programmed times for the 2 table lamps connected to it . Then the bypass thumb wheel on the top of the timer goes off 30 minutes after turning it on . I would never buy another Intermatic product .
 This item is not accurate at all no type of directions came with it you just have to figure out how to set it by the time of Day when it goes on and off daily that 's the only Way I was able to get it right I dobt recommend it I would prefer digital .
 The device surves its purpose , it turns on my lamp , it turns off my lamp - no big deal . Only problem I am facing right now is that it is useless without the pins ... yes , loosing the pins that flips the switch makes this device a paper weight ... So do n't loose the pins like I did .
 can not program precisely , wish I 'd gotten a digital one . It 's mechanical , plastic , seems rather flimsy .
 Unfortunately this product does not work as it should on a 50 Hertz voltage system .
 I ordered lamp AND APPLIANCE TIMER , AN UPGRADE FROM THE lamp timer -LRB- NOT FOR APPLIANCES ALSO -RRB- YOU SENT . You should have enought experience to be able to send what you show/advertise .
 Intermatics design , which works with dozens of little on/off triggers , does n't function as you 'd expect . i.e. push one trigger in for on , push another trigger in for off . That approach makes your device turn on and off willy-nilly . Instead you push in as many adjacent triggers as you like to create the duration of time you want the device on.Yes , it 's certainly one way to do it , but it strikes me as a baffling choice to physically map a reversible operation -LRB- on/off -RRB- this way.Each time you override the timer with the switch , the timer dial rotates one notch and your schedule begins to creep forward . So the timing just gets more and more screwed up . duh . This ai n't rocket science guys .
 I tried this for a few days but it hangs up partway through the 24 hours . Something inside catches and stops the timer from continuing to rotate . As a result , it 's useless .
 The concept is great ; however , I find this timer aggravating . If you set the program and NEVER TOUCH THE TIMER it works as programmed . Yet , if you use the MANUAL off & on wheel , that switch not only activates the lamp or appliance , but it also advances the current time setting . I noticed this when the light would turn on later and later each evening . Other models work better , although some can be heard in a very quiet room .
 I was hunting for the old Intermatic lamp timer , with the red and green thingies that you popped into the desired ON and OFF times . They worked incredibly well . Supposedly some people complained that they would LOSE the colored thingies and so Intermatic made a NEW timer that does n't work . When you set the built-in thingies , they 're backward . And the one we bought -LRB- suckers ! -RRB- did n't even work backward . The clock mechanism would go to ON and the light would go on , and then off in about 2 seconds . We returned it . Can not find anything like the `` old '' fashioned ones . We never lost the red and green extra thingies because we put them into a little plastic `` snack bag '' and into a drawer . I know -- rocket science !
 It did n't work for me . I had a 3 prong plug and a 2 prong opening .
 This timer has a Manual override button , great , but when you use it , the timer changes the current time.There previous models worked great , but this one needs this fixed .
 I have returned 3 of these timer since January 2011 , as of 5/15/11 , they freeze up and will not work at all , they work for a month or so then just click if still plugged in but will not turn on lamp.Intermatic , please bring back timers with pins in them .
 The pieces in this products are flimsy pieces of plastic and cheap springs that do n't work consistently . It was very frustrating to figure out why it was n't working as it should , because sometimes it did work and others it did n't .
 I got it home and hooked it up and the timer dial does not turn , It was hooked up exactly like my old -LRB- got hit by lightening -RRB- my old one worked for years , maybe just a bad batch but the price leaves me questioning about it being a `` seconds '' from some plant
 Having purchased 3 of these units over the years I feel qualified to comment on their performance . The first one failed after 3 years - the clock mechanism still turned but the switches did not operate . I purchased a second unit as I did not want to install a new box & wiring . The box mounts to the wall first then the mechanism is installed inside . I only replaced the mechanism . This lasted for 2 years before the clock mechanism stopped turning . -LRB- I should have kept the first dead one . -RRB- Again I purchased another unit as wanted a simple fix & I will not be in this house for much longer . This last unit only lasted 2 weeks before the switches stopped operating . I did not want the hassle of dismounting & returning it so I stripped down both units & made good one out of the 2 . The mechanism is very old school & has not changed in years . The clock mechanism becomes very hot from being driven 24 hours/day . I does not appear to be adequate to drive the system contimually . I would recommend purchasing a modern electronic system .
 Disregarding the fact that this clock was in pieces by the time I received it and never worked , upon inspection I found the wiring compartment too small to accommodate # 10 solid wire , also it only kills one leg of the power on a 220 circuit . I recommend a full size clock like the WH 40 or something similar . I 'm a licensed electrician in Fla. , Cal . and Ark. and I found it to be a major piece of % # * & !
 this only turns off half your water tank . leaves one element burning continuously ! buy the spdp timer . waist of money .
 this almost caused a serious fire , the wiring had melted and had burned the wall , luckily we noticed the burning smell before it was too late.this is a piece of junk do not buy it !!
 There was insufficient information on the Amazon website regarding voltage so I inadvertently selected a 220 volt timer when in fact I need a 110 volt timer to manage a gas water heater with a 110 volt electric exhaust fan that governs the activity of the entire water heater . Must return the item . More technical information at the Amazon website is needed on this and similar items .
 The Unit seems to be built well but if the ppower goes off you have to reset it I just flipped the breaker off and would not come back on .
 the trippers are missing , , , what a pain , , ive got to try and hunt down some trippers , , am trying to contact the company , , but they hung up on me , , dammitt
 This was a defective product , after an hour installation , it did not workand had to be returned . Amazon refund was prompt .
 Had to return it as it is not the right timer for my electric water heater . The case is too small for the # 10 wiring . Had to give it one star to publish the review which I can not review .
 Dead on arrival . Manual override allowed me to turn water heater on/off but timer did n't work . Returned for refund .
 It worked really well for almost two years . I think I calculated it was saving almost $ 10 per month ! Two nights ago , this item failed . It melted all the wiring and a small fire/explosion happened in the box , causing the circuit breaker to short and our house losing power . This happened while I was on a business trip and my wife had to fix this problem at 455am . I am not happy.Worst of all , my house literally could have burned down very easily as a result of this matter . My water heater is a 240V , 18.8 A.BE CAREFUL ! DO N'T RISK YOUR HOUSE BEING BURNED DOWN TO SAVE A COUPLE $ . I am hoping someone from Amazon or Intermatic will contact me immediately to discuss this matter .
 This trumpet wall mount WOULD be great , except the pegs are too short ! The pegs are definitely not as long in reality as they are in the photo . When I put my trumpet on the mount , the pegs are only long enough to fit under the lead pipe , so when I leave it up , the trumpet is half held up , then tilts forward until the bottom of the valves is touching the wall , so my horn is just leaning forward the whole time and it does n't look good . Seriously , who measured how long the pegs should be ?? I only rated it at two stars instead of one because they got it to me so quickly , so kudos for that . But the mount is simply not worth the money if it ca n't even hold my trumpet up correctly .
 I was under the impression that the cord and socket comes with this order . When I received it in the mail all I got was the paper shade . What am I going to do with that ?
 I got two of these from a hardware store to $ 10 apiece . They work fine , but the price here is rediculous .
 Item shipped was not the item ordered , and was inferior in all aspects . A full credit was issued
 ` Very dissapointed with this . Worked for maybe 3 months then quit . Obviously poor quality . Basicly Chinese junk . I used it for a timer to turn on a heater for a tractor in the winter . ` Did n't make it through the first winter .
 We purchased this for use with our outdoor Christmas Lights , and placed it under our covered porch so it was shielded from the elements . It was a pretty easy winter with the weather rarely dipping into the high 30s , but this plug on this timer still did n't hold up . The right prong melted and turned completely black shorting out the lights and ruining our outdoor outlet . We checked if the amps were too high , but that was not the case , so we have no idea why the product failed . I would not recommend using this product for outdoor use . It barely lasted us one month with light usage in a covered area .
 After less than a year of continuous use this unit has become erratic . It frequently becomes `` stalled '' , but most often at the transition of the On/Off state . This makes it unsuitable for any unmonitored system requiring unattended , automated On/Off operation .
 I really wanted the Intermatic HB31R timer , and that is what I ordered . I 've seen them in brick-and-mortar stores and it has the specs that meet my needs . However , the shipper , ANTOnline , sent me a CCI/Woods Model 59382 timer . Although this timer has the same electrical ratings as the Intermatic , the power cord is much shorter -LRB- difficult to install -RRB- , the `` rain tight case '' is anemic , and the company is unknown to me -LRB- not sure how long this Chinese-made item will last -RRB- . I attempted to contact ANTOnline , but received only auto-replies via e-mail , indicating a `` do n't care '' attitude to me . ANTOnline even listed the Intermatic model on the packing slip ! UPDATED August 7 , 2011
 It arrived cracked in two , but after a little time with some Gorilla Glue it was good as new . Has worked as expected since then .
 I have not used this yet , and it was inexpensive so I am not going to try to return it or anything as drastic , but this product has obviously been used before I got it . It seems like it was mounted and then removed from a surface . NOT happy with this product .
 product was shipped quickly and everything looked good untill I used the bits and found several were not true and couldnt be used . Some of the ones with a hole in center for security torx , the hole was n't in the center so I could n't use them either . I do n't bother a company fussing with them , I 'm the consumer that just do n't go back to them again . I would not have written a review normally , but Amazon bugged me thru my e-mail to write a review , bottom line is that I do not think very much of the product .
 Requires multiple pumps to get soap out . Over time this gets annoying . x x x x x x x x x x x
 I have owned two of these little traitors . When you least expect it the bottle breaks at the neck and dumps a pile of soap under your sink . You may expect about a year out of this thing before it dies a messy death . I usually like Kohler , but do n't waste your time or money on this engineering debacle .
 This is a beautiful soap dispenser that looks really good on any countertop , especially with the matching faucet . It is very heavy and appears to be sturdy . However , after only a few years of use , the spout broke right off . We tried jamming it back in the hole , but it did not stay . Kind of expensive for a soap dispenser that only lasts a few years . : -LRB-
 Twice I ordered a gold tone soap dispenser and twice I was shipped a brushed silver one . Money out and money in . This company needs to straighten out its ordering system and not make it so much work for the consumer to order the correct item and keep track of the charges and credits . P.I.T.A.
 Worked OK for a year or so and then the spout fell off . It 's not threaded or anything so we ca n't repair it . The spring also is n't really strong so it has trouble returning the piston to the `` up '' position sometimes . I 'm not spending 50 bucks for another spout-launching soap dispenser .
 Totally dissatisfied with this measuring wheel . I bought this back in Sept. when I received the measuring wheel it was DOA . Contacted Amazon who immediately issued a replacement . After receiving the new wheel I only used it a couple of times before storing for off season . Got it out recently and have problems with it on my jobs , seven times out of ten the counter will not count after a reset . Not certain if wheel even measures accurately with these counter issues . The quality of this measuring wheel is sub standard compared to other measuring wheels I have owned and used .
 Recently purchased 7 of these wheels . After a couple of weeks several of these are no longer accurate . One of the most inaccurate loses 2 feet for every 60 feet measured . This inaccuracy caused over a day and a half of paperwork to fix . If you own one of these , I recommend you check it against a tape measure .
 I bought this to set up a floor plan and I did n't get half way finished before it would n't zero out . Please do n't purchase this if you want to measure more than a couple of times . Really frustrated .
 I am an insurance inspector and measure the exterior of homes to find the total square footage for insurance reports . I measure 10 to 35 houses daily and need a reliable and durable measuring wheel . The ground I cover is from flat and hard to rough and steep . I have purchased two of these measuring wheels for this purpose . I found the kick stand to be more of a help than a hinderence and the square collapsible handle is durable . The problem is that the internal workings of the counter begin to fail after about three months of use . The wheel shaft becomes `` loose '' or `` sloppy '' where it enters the gear box . Then the counter does not reset to zero properly until you push the button several times and once it resets and you start to roll the wheel on the ground to measure , the wheel turns but the counter does not and you have to reset the counter several more times until it begins to count . I purchased this wheel because it came with a seven year limited warranty , believing that with a warranty that long the product would last . It did n't . I would not recommend this product .
 The thing worked great for a while . But if you are going to use it where dust is -LRB- a farm , etc -RRB- , after a short time the counter reset becomes hard to reset to zero . Disappointing .
 I use this to measure land , buildings & bins . I have used it twice on the second time it was broke so I had to roll the wheel around to get it to zero . I travel long distances and ca n't have equipment failure . I needed this for occasional use . I took it apart and it was just broke .
 This is some outdated product with cheap construction . I returned this product to company and wasted my money because i never received a refund or feed back . I am giving it a one star rating because nothing below is possible.I had one of the worst buying experience with this product , where you suffer from paying for this product and then sending it back but getting nothing in return .
 `` Product description was what I needed , Wrong product sent , had to wait on return label and then had to wait for them to get the WRONG product back , had to wait -LRB- still waiting -RRB- for them to issue a credit to my card , -LRB- they said that their agreement with Amazon allowed them 2 weeks to issue the refund -RRB- they did n't read my emails asking for the right product to be sent . We are over a month into this with no concrete resolution . I would NOT buy or TRY to buy from them again , ever ! ''
 The item we recived does NOT appear to be the item we ordered !!! Different SHAPE and color . . Not sure if it will even fit the application
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 The photo shown in the description above is NOT the blade being sold . What you 're buying is actually a fine tooth blade with about 12 teeth per inch . The model number is correct , but the photo is wrong .
 It says made in the USA and that 's a shame . You 're more likely to be in the dark or electrocuted with this hunk of -LSB- junk -RSB- . The light seems convenient for about the first ten minutes of use . Later , the cases pop open and transformer falls out , the trigger arcs sparks ; The sockets never make contact ; the bulbs flicker . 1 star is generous .
 Model 11796GA , Dual circular fluorescent light sold by Home Depot . Replacement parts are n't available and Lithonia Lighting wo n't sell to the consumer . Good luck geting a part for less than the original fixture !
 Mounting this light and the 24 inch light are very difficult . They leave no room for error . I have built houses and installed under cabinet lights but never ran int0 this problem . They should have ears with screw holes on each end .
 I put this fixture in my vending machines , 8 out of 10 fixtures die before the bulb . I am finding another manufacturer . Less than a year on average . This fixture is **** .
 I received this item and was surprised to find that it was in USED condition . The breaker , while apparently the correct item , was scratched , had paint splatters on it , and had a chip of plastic missing on the hook that fits on the service box . I am hoping that it will still work , but I am a little concerned re how reliable it will be . I plan to install it and will report on it later .
 Given that this product is essentially a sharp spike , it should not be packaged in soft plastic and a single cardboard box . The box came and was left by UPS . When I got the package I noticed a small hole on the side of the box and already knew that the box would be empty . I called UPS and they check the truck , they did not find anything , and our driver is really good and I trust him . Apparently the point pierced the box and came out before it even got to UPS . When they scanned it they said that their internal scales measured the weight much lower then the label stated .
 this would be a great tape if it read in 1/8 or 1/4 inch instead of 10th of an inch . An accurate product description should tell you this .
 The product is great quality , but does not match the product description below it . I wanted and thought I was going to get a tape that measured in feet/inches on one side and meters/centimeters on the other . This item only measures in feet/inches . Big disappointment .
 bought , used , worked ok , stored in garage for a while I need it again today wont even get hot enough to cut warm butter 0 __ o ive gone thru a whole bunch of the cheap ones make sure you buy a nicer iron
 I wish I had seen the earlier review before wasting money on this.It never got very hot , and now seems to be dead -LRB- after maybe an hour of use -RRB- .
 I used this product twice and stored it for about 2 months . Then i had a small wire to solderand it would not heat up enough to slice thru butter . Total garbage . i paid too much money for this junk
 I had the same problem with my Weller 7200 as the previous reviewers . It worked for a short time and now wo n't heat up , even with new tips . I wonder what foreign country it 's made in ? The reviews on the 8200 seem much better .
 I bought my 7200 at Radio Shack . It worked poorly for a while , now wo n't even melt solder , let alone heat a joint enough for a proper solder connection . Save your money , invest in a real soldering gun
 I 'm not sure what you are soldering but this gun barely heats up in comparison to the Buffalo Tools gun . Also , not good for trying to ditch the lighter and save a few on the Herb Iron my friends -LRB- if you know what I mean , save up and pay the 75 for it -RRB- .
 I had mine for a year . Used it twice . Went back to use it a 3rd time after a year ... completely dead . How can a product survive after so many dead products on the market ?
 This iron wo n't even heat up enough to melt solder . You can literally put your hand around it and use it as a hand warmer . Cheap .
 I found this piece of equipment to be a piece of junk . I think it worked ok for me once and now will not heat up to a temp to even melt the solder . Try another brand .
 These staples arrived two weeks afer placing the order . All of the staples were smashed , perhaps due to inadequate padding in the shipment . Essentially , the product was unusable when it arived . I would not recommend purchasing this product online from this supplier .
 Worked excellent as a spare part for my Weller . I do n't understand the review questions about `` The Toy '' ... ITS a Standard Tip w/Hex Nut spare part , come on ... My review is based on the product , not the `` TOY '' usage ... , because if used as a `` toy '' its a complete brain damage ... Thats why : Usage
 I wanted to love these . I bought about six of them to fit to my most commonly used files . I was disappointed to see that about half of them have cracked right at the base of the red handle where the file is inserted . This happened over about a year 's time with very little actual use.The files are a friction fit by design , and amount of pressure between the file , the spacer and the taper -LRB- inside the red handle -RRB- appears to exceed the strength of the material/thickness/design of the handle . I 'm not a ` frequent ' filer so it was particularly interesting to see that these cracks developed over time just sitting in the tool chest . My observation may be substantiated by the fact that Nicholson now has a new file handle design . Among other differences it has more material at the base were the cracks developed.Nicholson -LRB- Cooper Tool -RRB- probably has some kind of warranty on these , but they 're not really worth enough to justify the hassle . I 've now replaced all of them with Pferd Soft Grip Handles . I wish I 'd chosen Pferd in the first place . They 're great .
 Lighting fixture worked as advertized , until after 6 months it started turning on and off on its own accord . Would like to have been able to disable the timing feature -LRB- so it would stay on unless switched off at wall -RRB- but could not figure out any way to do this.Is now essentially non-functional .
 I called Lithonia to ask why this product was no longer available . They said that they no longer made it due to a `` patent issue '' . I wish I knew what product has the original patent because this is just the type of fixture I 'm looking for , for my porch .
 I ordered the item pictured and paid for this item , however I got a towel bar instead . I emailed the seller and he never replied . Not what I ordered , not what I wanted . Did not attempt to return since I did not receive any response from the seller .
 China is Still a commie country.Buy Made In USA , the job you save may be Your own.It has been miss labeled on thesite .
 Tired of companies lowering quality and their costs by sending manufacturing to China ? Here is a classic case . Picture shows this was forged in the USA . Description says made in the USA . Guess what ? -- Made in CHINA ! Says so on the package and they have removed the forge mark that says USA . Highly disappointed as I though I could still buy a quality tool from the USA , Crescent has taken the low road !
 i work in the sheet metal industry and wiss snips are known as junk . im constantly tightening the bolts on them to get them to cut right . the blade likes to loosen and turn sideways instead of cutting through the metal and ive only had them for 6 months . they might be okay for harry homeowner , but not for use everyday . if you work in sheet metal dont get wiss snips , they dont last .
 and all it has to do is drive nails but , the issue i have is the fact that Plumb tools has moved all of it 's manufacturing operations overseas and that is where the problem lies , as i believe in buying as many items as possible that are made in the USA . Plumb tools have lost a buyer for life !
 I order 7 snips I tought it will be the same snip on the picture but when I opend the package it was different model I do n't like to use .
 Plumb used to be a premier US manufacturer of tools , especially axes and hammers . This brick hammer was an import that had a cheaply cast head that was mounted on the shaft at about 20 degrees off perpendicular . Put another way , it would be useless by a professional for shaping or chipping any type of brick . Amazon promptly covered the return at it 's expense ; I immediately replaced this hammer with an Estwing which was more expensive but far superior .
 I bought this saw to prepare roughouts for my wood carving hobby . Although it does work well enough , there was a piece of sharp metal where the handle is attached to the frame.After slicing open my finger , I filed down the area which is what should have been done at the factory before packaging . If this is how Nicholson finishes its products , I would certainly not recommend purchasing anything with the Nicholson name on it .
 I recieved this ruler on time and intact.The first segment is a full 1/16th inch short!The slider does n't even line up with the end.Ridiculous . I returned the item and ordered a different brand.I had a Lufkin that lasted over 20 years before it broke . Obviously their QA department is asleep at the switch .
 Bottom line
 An extension rule is the best for carpentry . I have one that is over 20 years old and works beautifully . Decided I needed another and bought 2 of these Lufkin rules . They looked fine but do not work . The metal extension sticks and must be forced to extend . You can not get an accurate measurement if the slide does not move very smoothly . I have noticed that many tools no longer work . We seem to be in an era of `` looks like , but is n't . `` Since Lufkin is willing to sell this terrible non-working product , I would beware of their other products .
 If your work requires any degree of accuracy , this is not the rule for you . I purchase this rule for use at my table saw but straight out of the package it 's a heavy 3/32 off , as compared to a Starrett 24 inch rule which I know is dead on . The only reason I gave it two stars , the joints seem solid .
 First thing that tipped me off was out of the package , it would not lay flat on a bench , when fully closed . I pulled out the extension rule , it was not straight . It is not a solid brass bar , it is a thin `` U '' joint strip of warped metal.When I extended the ruler around three feet long , one of the hinges would n't hold . Other hinges are also loose , and some are so tight it will snap soon . You are supposed to oil the hinges , but then the unit would just collapse.It says assembled in USA of foreign components , it may as well be made in China , because there is no quality control , but then again almost all tools are crap these days , nothing is made to last !
 Was very disappointed in this product . Got a tip from a blogger that this would cut like butter through metal scrapbooking dies ... it did n't !!!!
 Goodbye Crescent . I just saw your latest batch at the hardware store , new logo and all , now MADE IN CHINA . You 'll be taking your chances buying this if you want an American made product that lasts -- There are probably some left in the supply chain but once they 're all gone that 's it.Go with an `` adjustable wrench '' maker in the U.S. -- Ridgid makes some great American products as does Klein as does Snap-On . I just ca n't believe it 's the best employer labor market in decades , and companies are still moving great American tools overseas for a few extra cents profit . Damn the craftsmanship , material quality and longevity .
 This is the last Crescent I EVER purchase , made in CHINA now , no longer American made . Opt for the other US made adjustable wrenches out there instead , like the SK .
 I loved it at first , but the actual lights did n't turn on after about 4 months of usage . Not sure what happened there ! I still have the chili peppers and plan to use them when I find a strand of lights that I can hook them to and they will stay ...
 These are cheap cotton gloves with a logo on the back . You would be better off buying the cheapest pair of gardening gloves from home depot -LRB- even if they are pink with flowers -RRB-
 I have not used this product yet , though it seems little different from any other set of bolt cutters . I ordered it because the manufacturer claims it is made in the USA , and Amazon states its origin as from the USA . This is deceptive - it is only assembled in the USA , with components from Thailand , Malaysia , etc. . If I wanted another low-quality Chinese tool , I could have bought one anywhere . If you are looking for bolt cutters made in the USA , look elsewhere .
 Hello , I was a student at LCTI for carpentryWhen our class got this package in , we had put this base molding along the bottom 90 degree joint where the floor and walls meet in the newly built closet that had been sheetrocked and spackled then painted . Before we started my class , I , and my teacher figured this would be a faulty product , because the present base molding was cut in 4 foot sections . Well wouldnt you know it the darn stuff dont stick where and when it 's suppose to .
 Cheap product and you get pay for easy to use but vary thin that is why its easy to work with put after I was done it looked bad and wo n't use this co again
 I bought these for work . Most of the time I use aviation snips to cut 016 and 020 aluminum sheets . The main problem that I have with the Wiss offsets is that the nut which helps hold the blades together , continually loosens off . This causes the metal to curl between the blades , leaving an undesired `` lip '' . In some cases , this causes the blades to not cut at all -LRB- during precise/short cuts -RRB- . Another issue is that from new , the spring binds and does not offer a smooth cutting action . Sometimes the blades do not fully close because of the binding . I do like the non-offset Wiss snips , but I find them more awkward to use.If you are interested in offsets , I 'd recommend Midwest . Fellow workers swear by the Ridgid offsets -LRB- actually produced by Midwest -RRB- . I have not used Klenk snips , but I have used Malco offsets , which share a similar design . I prefer the Midwest offsets over the Malco .
 I thought I was ordering a Crescent wrench made in the USA . The one I received did not have a `` Made In USA '' stamp on the handle which I found odd . Then I noticed that the packaging displayed `` Made In China '' . When did Crescent start having their wrenches made over in China ? I do n't mind paying extra for well built American tools , but this is criminal !
 Looks nice , that 's the 1 star . Turn on the water after the second time and you have Old Faithful aiming for your ceiling and you will also need a bucket under your sink . This definitely needs an o-ring . The split sleeve does not tighten enough to block the water . The plumber who CORRECTLY installed for the landlord will be back tomorrow to try to add a o-ring -LRB- that is not needed - according to American Standard -RRB- . If it can not be fixed , we will not be keeping this .
 This tape measure is a waste of time , money and effort.I own a half a dozen of these which I bought on a close-out , no returns or refunds.In just a few short weeks 4 of the six broke.That is , their locking mechanism broke , the tapes are still funtional , as long as you have someone to hold the other end.I wrote to the manufacturer , but have heard nothing from them , it 's now been over 2 months.The other two tapes are hanging on my shop wall as souveniers and a reminder to never buy a product made by Lufkin again.Pure Junk .
 I was looking for a small pocket tape measure for carrying on me - this is terrible as it does n't recoil . On my first time using this I have to feed it back into the housing - very badly designed . I was n't looking for a rugged unit for every day use , only for something I would have in my bag but this just is n't up to even that - I 'll be looking for something else -
 This is a low profile tape measure , it does fit easily in your pocket , but it is way over priced and does not have a lock to hold the tape while measuring . After I received it , took a ride to Lowes and they had a 4pack of tape measures for the same price . 4 for the price of 1 .
 This thing is a flimsy measuring tape that gets the job done but has the quality of a dollar store item and is way overpriced on Amazon .
 I used it for about 10 minutes and the gun smoked from the housing and then died right there in my hand . Amazon was quick to replace it and the second one has worked fine . Through the years I have gone several of these guns . One improvement that could be made is the way the tips are mounted and secured . There has to be a better way that their engineering department could update their design . Other than that it is a good , not great gun .
 They are very sturdy and if the item you cut is no longer than 3 inches , these will work well . If you try to cut a sheet of metal , a can opener would probably work as well . Reason
 Horrible snips , does not open wide enough ... also the teeth are not sharp nor is the bite . I tried to return it but , I got a free refund without having to return and now its just laying there .
 The numbers on this rule should be on the inside . With them being on the outside , you ca n't use this rule to measure anything unless it is fully opened . With it partially opened it does n't lie flat . Why they make it this way is beyond me .
 Looks great -- sounds awful . Installed 3 of them and entire house buzzes when all 3 are on . Other existing ceiling fans are silent in the house by comparison . Regret the purchase . Nice hanging sculpture as it stands.UPDATE
 I would love to review this product ; however , since it -LRB- surprisingly -RRB- came without a blade , I am unable to evaluate it . Equally surprisingly , there is no mention in the catalog that no blade is supplied and no option to purchase a blade.Makita 2107F 6.5 Amp 4-3/4 - Inch by 4-3/4 - Inch Capacity Variable Speed Portable Band Saw
 I bought this for a Ryobi `` Cat '' sander -LRB- competitor to the Black & Decker `` Mouse '' -RRB- . I have used it on one project - sanding 30ft of baseboards , just to abrade the existing paint -LRB- plain ` ol household latex -RRB- , not sand the wood . I went through 21 pieces of sandpaper . I do n't know what they use as the media -LRB- grit -RRB- on the paper , but it disintegrates in seconds . I spent more time shutting the sander off and changing the paper than I did actually sanding . I would not buy this again . The paper specific to the sander is more than three times the cost , but lasts about 20 times as long - I should have been able to sand all 30 feet with one piece of sandpaper -LRB- two at the most -RRB- . One humorous note -LRB- sad , actually -RRB- , the shipping box , and the sandpaper box both have a large `` USA-1 '' logo on them . However , the sandpaper label on the side read `` Made in EU -LRB- European Union -RRB- '' . Originally , I thought it was probably better than `` Made in China '' , but now I doubt that .
 Thought these gloves were an awesome idea . After only wearing a few times , the gloves are already wearing out and getting holes in them . Wish they were made a little sturdier .
 This thing does what it is supposed to do , but save your money and buy an all metal one -LRB- Husky -RRB- from H-D . Much more durable and not much more expensive .
 To me this is a mediocre axe . Not very heavy , not very sharp , not very balanced , not all that easy to use . A sort of weak compromise among various qualities you want in an axe . It may be good for camping , but for general purposes , I ca n't recommend it .
 The only problem with this axe is that the top blue part of the handle is hollow , so it could and will break easily .
 This has cracks at thinnest part behind blade . This not a second , it is dangerous and an outright reject that should have not left the factory .
 I got this as a present for my father . I recieved it in a timely matter , but was completely dissatisfied by the product . The light now bright at all ... it offers no assistance to a mechanic . The battery cover kept falling off and the batteries wo n't stay in . I have bought many gloves in the past and I think my normal leather gloves would do more good than these . I would n't buy another pair .
 The idea of this tool is a good one . However , the quality of the steel used in this tool and its design are poor . Demand better from manufacturers . This is a ` china tool ' which has soft pot metal for its structure and little thought to its design . Save your money . It will work in sift soils and where no roots exist . But , Demand better tools from Amazon . It is 2008 not 1954 .
 I live in a cayon that 's 90 % clay . The first time I used it I almost broke my wrists . Now , it just slides around along the surface of the dirt , making little worm holes . Maybe if I weighed over 130 and had looser soil , it would work . Then I could do it alone without crying .
 The digger 's length is a big help for tired backs and even without flat edges it held pretty tight in my drill - 1/2 inch Milwaukee . The problem is how easily it bends . I know the length is a factor , but my soil is probably as soft as it gets outside of a pot or flower box . First time it hits anything , root , rock or whatever , it 'll bend . After that it 's pretty much useless . Instead of a 2 inch hole you get anything but and the loose dirt is always knocked back into the hole . In sum , you get what you pay for and this is OK as a disposable .
 This item has limited use - could be better with a tapered drill down to the tip -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . It does n't have enough value to return .
 the product would possibly work better if I had a more powerful drill . The one thing lacking in the product is the drill end , it is smooth and round and really slips alot . It is very hard to keep drilling as it slips . A better drill may not work any better due to the round end . The product appears to be fairly strong metal . The actual drilling is slow and your soil or dirt has to be fairly soft and loose . I tried to drill into my tree so I couldget water to the roots or at least closer . No success so trying to drill and water , drill and water ... that may work . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000P71GLU Yard Butler RD-2 30-Inch Roto Digger -RSB-
 I just want to say that this product is not finished when it is sold.No one related to the production of this product has thought about grinding thetop of the drill/auger ; this small process not being done may save you money but it makes the drill useless to us who expect it to turn when being used , and not spinning in the drill chuck .
 I just received it . I have n't used it yet . But I can tell the thin metal thread wo n't go trough the clay terrain here in Houston , it may the first couple of holes . It looks was designed to dig soft soils . I am not sure if ship it back now , or give a chance and use it .
 Hello , I was a student at LCTI for carpentryWhen our class got this package in , we had put this base molding along the bottom 90 degree joint where the floor and walls meet in the newly built closet that had been sheetrocked and spackled then painted . Before we started my class , I , and my teacher figured this would be a faulty product , because the present base molding was cut in 4 foot sections . Well wouldnt you know it the darn stuff dont stick where and when it 's suppose to .
 Cheap product and you get pay for easy to use but vary thin that is why its easy to work with put after I was done it looked bad and wo n't use this co again
 Good price for the hammer , but please note that you 're not getting the hammer in the first picture . You will get the shorter , mashing hammer instead .
 If you need a measurement , this tool might be good enough . If you need an approximate check for squareness , this tool might be good enough . However , if you demand any kind of accuracy , such as for woodworking , or tool set up , then you need to look beyond this particular item . Durability is also questionable , as the rule will flex or bend easily . About the only thing I have been able to use this square for is marking 2x4 's to cut for framing ...
 I picked one of these up for woodworking and it 's useless . After a few minutes it became apparent that it is not straight or square . Mine has about 1/16 '' bow over the 12 length . If accuracy is important , get a Starret . It will cost MUCH more , but it will be accurate .
 Not much else but taking up space on your peg board or in your tool belt . It 's ok to use for framing or other construction projects , as long as you know how to compensate for it 's inaccuracies . I paid much more for this than Amazon 's price at the orange borg . To me it is n't even worth what Amazon wants for it .
 The reflector is made of very thin aluminum ; it dents and loses its shape easily . It is also very shallow . A standard 250 watt heating bulb extend beyond the rim . The titling mechanism is also weak . One has to tighten a tiny wing nut with a great deal of force for the lamp to maintain its position
 I got the clamp light , but it was n't as described . The listing say 9 ' cord - it was 6 ' cord . The picture shows a white cord - I got it with a black cord.It is ok , it works , but I really needed a longer cord .
 I received this product in a large box , with the clamp unattached to the light . There are no instructions , and I have had numerous people look at it to see if they could figure out a way to attach it with the parts that came with it . So far , I am still waiting . One of those people , I might add , is a Registered Engineer with the state of NC . Do n't waste your money .
 I got this square free with a tool bag and I want my money back ! The powder coat finish is flaking off ! The gradients are painted over , and hard to read . The swanson square has the numbers painted black and the rest of the square is a plain finish so you can read the numbers better . The numbers on one side of the square do n't match the otherside . All around a cheap knock off of the original swanson speed square !
 If you plan on doing any serious carpentry , pass on this . The notches are aligned differently on both sides and measurements would only be approximate . At the current Amazon sale price -LRB- the second star -RRB- , it would make a nice gift for your pre-teen child . Otherwise , do n't bother .
 This thing builds up VERY LITTLE air pressure , and what air pressure it builds up requires you to pump it down VERY fast . It does not build as you push down slowly , in fact it does nearly nothing if you push it down slowly . It barely makes good contact with the sink I 'm trying to push a clog through , and if you 're not careful and you pull it back up TRYING to make it work it squirts water all of you and random stuff from the top of the shaft . Complete crap .
 This is the worst plunger I 've ever used . It 's almost impossible to cover the overflow hole . I ended up just taking the large rubber gasket off of it and putting it on my old plunger handle , which works a thousand times better !
 Not effective . You end up trying to get a good seal on the drain and trying to effectively plug the overflow hole while pushing the handle down . It makes enough pressure to blow the plug/tape off the overflow hole if you get a good seal on the drain . Despite my skepticism about other reviews that said as much , I found myself needing another hand . It would have eventually cleared the sink by spitting it all on me , but that 's about all it did well . I tried it on several clogs , it never failed to be useless.If you have a sink with a single spout directly over the drain , its nearly impossible to use.Fell apart the second time I tried it . It looks to be held together by rivets , but they are actually pins that are held in place by friction only . I recovered the pin and put it back , but I would have to glue it to keep it there . It was n't worth the effort .
 Buying this plunger was a waste of time and money . This plunger did not force water or air into the pipe . The air went up into the tube and out the sides . After several tries , I still had a clogged toilet . If there is some magic trick , I would suggest the manufacturer include it in the directions . The existing directions did not help solve the problem . I ended up returning it to Lowe 's and buying a simple plunger that worked like a charm . I seem to be the lucky one that did not end up with a face full of feces like some of the other reviewers .
 This is the worst product I 've bought in my memory . It does n't even work as well as a regular plunger . I feel scammed .
 Just bought this today at Lowe 's . Plugged up our new toilet yesterday with too much paper , and tried our old-fashioned plunger and some tricks I saw on the web -LRB- e.g. , dishwashing soap and hot water -RRB- . Nothing worked . I figured I needed a plunger with a larger diameter -LRB- for our new low-flow toilet with the odd-shaped outlet hole -RRB- . This device looked impressive , and the rubber piece seemed to be wide enough . It was n't , though , and I could n't get a good seal , so I just ended up squirting a pathetic amount of water around the bowl . Fortunately , while I was at Lowe 's , I also picked up a toilet auger ... just in case . After the Plung-It failed , I resigned myself to learning how to wrestle with the auger . Much to my surprise , the auger had the toilet cleared in about 5 minutes . The Plung-It may be fine for tub and sink drains , so I 'll keep it . It just does n't work on at least one new-model toilet .
 This product is not effective . I have a clogged toilet and traveled almost an hour to pick this up . I should have saved my time and my money , I wasted both.This product does not seem to be any more effective than a standard plunger . My toilet is still clogged , this plunger sprays dirty water around where the plunger handle connects . Not effective at all . If I could take it back , I would . I feel the manufactorer cheated me out of my money .
 Original review
 I bought this hoping to remove a stubborn toilet drain . Trying to use it , I noticed problems quickly . * I pinched myself hard following the instructions -LRB- enough to create a painful blood blister -RRB- . The instructions ask that you hold it with one hand and pump with the other . The way it 's designed , it 's natural to position your hand to pinch it . * It took several pumps to finally feel like it was grabbing water . But then toilet water started coming out the handle and dribbling onto my other hand . * After a few tries , I tried making the pumps longer . But if you pull the pump out all the way , a bunch of toilet water sprays all over the place -LRB- including on you -RRB- . None of these problems were warned about in the instructions.In the end , the clog remained . This thing feels poorly designed , and it does n't seem to work any better than a regular plunger would . Do n't waste your time on it .
 To my surprise this thing was messier and less effective than just a regular plunger . The included rubber base is too wide to form a good seal , and there is an air hole near the handle that sprays out nasty toilet air and water directly into your face/hands . The force generated by the air pump is also kind of unremarkable . I 'm taking it back .
 I have used this guide often for ripping sheet stock with a circular saw . However , do not expect accurate cuts from this , especially when you are making 8 ' rips . The guide flexes WAY too much toward the middle . It has little to do with the connector . The guide is just not substantial enough to resist flexing . If you put any pressure against it with your circular saw -LRB- as one tends to do when using a tool guide -RRB- , you will have a cut that bows outward in the middle on one piece , and concave on the other piece.I have recently retired this guide for more expensive and more substantial all-in-one clamp and tool guides that do not flex.Bottom line , if all you need is a quick and rough cut , this is a handy tool . But if you demand a straight cut , pay more money and get a tool guide that resists flexing .
 I have tried three of these straight edges now and they all have a bend at the joint . I examined the last one with a machinist 's square and found that none of the corners are square . I can cut a better right angle on my table saw . If you want two 4 ft straight edges it will work fine . You will have to have an 8 ft straight edge to hold the two 4 ft sections against while you clamp them together to make this device straight .
 Pros
 Not able to use it ! When it arrived the ` C ' clamps and screws for the extension were missing . It states right on the packaging that it includes 2 ` C ' clamps and 4 screws . I contacted the supplier and they said they would ship the missing items but I still have n't received anything . You ca n't use it without ` C ' clamps . I purchased on 9-16-07 and it 's now 10-19-07 and still no clamps or screws . I 'm very disappointed with the customer service !
 I just bought a new RAS-120 angle square to replace my old RAS-120 . I think my anger with the new tool is proportional to how much I liked the old one . The new square is thinner than the old one , and came from the store bent . For the savings of a few pennies Johnson ruined one of the most useful tools I own . I called Johnson and gave them an earful . To their credit it appears that they stand behind their products with a strong warranty , but frankly I 'd much rather never have to use that warranty . I do n't know if there is a good alternative out there , but if you are replacing your good old square do n't expect a good new one to replace it .
 I really wanted the Kichler Pendant light and tried TWICE to get it . I have to commend the chat line -- they really did try hard to help me out but both times the light came to me in pieces . I do n't know if it 's Kichler 's fault for not packaging the light correctly or Amazon 's . Whoever is responsible -LRB- perhaps the shipping company ?? -RRB- I was very displeased .
 Although the lights are nice looking and easily put together , one would not work out of the box , and periodically goes out evenafter the original finagling to get it to work .
 These lights are useful only for marking a path . They do n't provide enough light so that you can actually see the path . I need lights for the back yard but the dim light they exude is merely enough to view the lamp , not enough to cast actual light on the ground -LRB- even after days of charging in the sun -RRB- . The flaw seems to be in the plastic ` windows ' which block too much light ; when I looked at the LED inside , it seemed bright enough.These were packaged well , felt strong enough but were a waste of my time .
 The lights are very nice in every way - good quality , good looking , well packaged , etc. . Only one BIG problem
 I did not believe the earlier review of the solar light till I got a set myself . The rechargeable batteries did not hold the charge and also one of the light did not even work from the get go . It was a very nice solar light set only if it worked . Too bad but I had to request for refund .
 I purchased these as they were supposed to be a `` high quality '' solar light . The outer case and hardware certainly looked good when I took them out of the package so I had high hopes for them . Unfortunately looks can be deceiving ... . The lights were installed late summer in an area that receives sun light all day long , even then they only lasted 3.5-4 hours , now with the shortened days we are down to maybe 1.5 hours tops . This is very disappointing as the cheap Harbor Freight lights we had previously would last an easy 5-6 + hours and put out considerably more light.The second problem is that one of the 12 we purchased is now dead with condensation showing in one of the solar panels . I consider this very poor as we had a very dry late summer and fall with only a couple of days rain . I will be returning it for warranty replacement as it is still only a couple of months old.Overall I am not impressed with these and would advise people to avoid them .
 Ive owned solar lamps for years now . I saw these pretty amber lamps and ordered them for my birthday . The batteries they require are Ni Cd batteries -LRB- rechargeable -RRB- , no other kind can be used , thats normal . Whats also normal is that 1 of 4 has now burned out within the first 2 mos . of usage . Went to Radio Shack to purchase new batteries , I was told they do n't sell them anymore , THEY ARE BEING DISCONTINUED !!!!! I ordered replacements on-line from onlybatteries.com . All 4 new batteries are weak according to my battery tester and Im charging them now -LRB- 1 for the 2nd time -RRB- . Is it worth it ? You decide .
 I ordered 20 of these to line the walkway up to the house . The price was right to buy sight-unseen . They are fine , but the posts are plastic and very tough to drive into hard ground . When on , they look like Haloween lights , because the glow is orange . All in all , I am luke warm on this product . UPDATE
 Hi . We like these lights . They are pretty and look nice in the yard . However , right out of the box only 3 of the four work .
 I purchased 3 sets of these lights based on the positive comments on this site . Out of 12 lights , 3 do not work . That is a pretty high failure to recommend this product .
 Purchased 8 of these for an archaeological field project . Did not pay any attention to the trowels until I was on-site and then saw that they were cheap knock-offs . By that point it was too late to do anything since I was in the middle of Russia . Bottom Line
 Hello , I was a student at LCTI for carpentryWhen our class got this package in , we had put this base molding along the bottom 90 degree joint where the floor and walls meet in the newly built closet that had been sheetrocked and spackled then painted . Before we started my class , I , and my teacher figured this would be a faulty product , because the present base molding was cut in 4 foot sections . Well wouldnt you know it the darn stuff dont stick where and when it 's suppose to .
 Cheap product and you get pay for easy to use but vary thin that is why its easy to work with put after I was done it looked bad and wo n't use this co again
 I purchased one of their bathroom faucet sets less than a year ago . One of the copper fitting burst about a week ago . Their customer service is crap and they expect you to pay shipping/handling for replacement parts for their faulty products . After this the parts will not even reach you for 7-10 days . I 'd advise anyone to get a Moen/Peerless/Delta they at least back up their warranty .
 good paper but , the hole 's did ` nt line up with my hole 's on my sander.and yes i have a 6 inch 8 hole sander.did ` nt like the box they come in neither.very poor and cheap ...
 I had ordered this for my Dad and ended up returning it because of the spool . The spool just spins freely so it pretty easy to end up with a tangled mess . It 's a shame that the manufacturers overlooked this basic design flaw in a otherwise seemingly sturdy piece of equipment .
 I bought socket this because I needed to change spark plugs that are in a deep , nearly-vertical well.The very first time I pulled a spark plug out of the socket , the magnetic ring stayed with the plug instead of staying attached to the socket . I put it back in the socket a couple of times , but it always came back out with the plug -- okay for removing plugs but useless for putting new ones in . After four tries , the ring broke into two pieces ; luckily neither one ended up in the engine.That explains the difference between a more-typical $ 50 magnetic socket and this $ 10 one -- you get what you pay for . This one is n't worth it .
 To start the casing is to weak , It wo n't last long for what it holds . Plus the product was made in china . These drill bitz either bend or break asap .
 So , when I got this set I gave it a 4 star review based one what came , only knocking it for the cheap case . That was before I used them . The concrete bits did fine . The other bits did fine in wood and soft material . But when it came to a simple piece of 1/8 '' mild steel , these things were completely useless . FIVE bits almost instantly dulled trying to drill one simple hole . Started out with a smaller bit as a pilot , then was going to use the bigger bit to drill out the hole to the correct size . None of the smaller bits lasted more than a few seconds of drilling before they dulled . The coated bits and the black standard bits were all dulling the same . To be fair , and for a control sample , I grabbed an old bit that I probably got at tractor supply years ago to try to drill through this steel , thinking it might be the steel . Nope . The old cheap bit drilled right through . You truly get what you pay for with these bits . I had bought a kit for myself and my dad . While for $ 35 I 'm not totally angry with myself for the purchase because there are still valuable parts to the kit that I can use . But do n't buy this kit expecting it to do everything you need it to . It is what it is .
 First time I needed to use the set I had to drill holes in 1/8th &#34; steel . Broke 4 - 5/8th drill bits just drilling 3 holes . Plus I had to use the broken pieces to finish the job !!!!!!
 Do not recomend this vender item advertised in stock then they said they wanted to sustitute due to non stock sounds like a bait and switch to me
 Ca n't believe that Moen now makes a shoddy product . My previous Moen towel bar that I needed to replace was made much better than this . It 's lasted for 10 yrs . I do n't think this one will last 1 yr . I contacted Moen by e-mail and they only stated that if it did n't hold up that they would replace it . I do n't plan on buying anymore Moen products .
 another way to repell the gopher is to kill it with the poison from your local store .
 The only treatment that works is to kill what the moles eat.Put down something to kill insect larvae , grub-ex or somthing like that.That works .
 I 've had a serious Mole problem destroying my Yard and other Landscaping for approximately 5 years . I have tried everything with limited success . Poison , traps , flooding their subterrainian subway system etc. . As a last resort I tried two molechasers in a 5000 Square foot lot . -LRB- a desperate measure I admit -RRB- . According to instructions 1 Molechaser is enough to cover a lot this size , 5000 sq feet . Do n't waste your time and money on these things they are a huge gimmick . I have multiple mole piles 3 inches from the molechaser , tunnels all around both of them . If anything it appears to have aggrivated the Moles , and it most certainly did not scare them off ! USE TRAPS , or accept living with the little diggers , but do n't buy this rediculous product ... . it 's a scam ! Your better off hiring a Mole Psychic ! The only place for these falsely advertised Battery powered Probes is up the manufacturers subterrainian shaft !
 I have both moles and gophers on my farm , and mounds of earth continued to spring up in the yard , even right next to these units . This was even after the two weeks that the instructions say to allow for results . I am having much better results with traps - Cinch Mole Trap , Cinch Gopher Trap , and the Nash Mole Trap . I believe trapping is the only way to get rid of these pests . I had previously tried castor oil sprays , smoke bombs , pesticides to kill the grubs , and poisons . All these methods were supposed to work , but all failed . Since I started trapping , I 've all but eliminated the formation of mounds , although new populations will move into the vacant tunnel systems , or so I am told .
 My gopher loves the sound . It seems its activity has increased ever since I placed this product . Find new holes in the very close vicinity of this product every morning . I am considering to use traps .
 I planted two of these `` mole chasers '' , both directly in the path that the varmit has been using between my front yard and my back . I have to collapse the tunnel between the two molechasers almost every day and his underground network is starting to approach the size of the New York subway system . I fear I may need to take more drastic measures ! Good Bye Mole !
 Gophers have been ravaging my lawn . I bought the sonic molechaser as a last resort item since poison , traps , flooding , road flares , gopher gassers etc. have done nothing to eliminate the rodents . Two days after inserting the stake into the affected area , the gophers were back enjoying their daily diet of fescue . Perhaps my soil is affecting the unit 's effectiveness as I do n't have clay in my region - it 's all aggregate . Next technique - explosives .
 After having been in place for a couple of months , the moles were literally burrowing within 2 feet of the device.I had to double check to see if it was still producing the noise ; it was.Totally ineffective device -LRB- at least in the sandy soil of Florida -RRB- .
 I purchased this product hoping to get rid of a mole/gopher living in my lawn . I planted it as instructed . The very next day there was a new mound of dirt right next to the product . I have since pulled it out of the ground and replanted it only to find two additional mounds the next day . I think the mole/gopher is using the sound to help lull it to sleep . Do yourself a favor and do n't waste your money .
 I had been using the eletronic verion but this was advertidsed with more range so i bought two . i wish i had a picture the mole dug right up to it and around it !
 I had bought a similar product before and was pleased with it but this one absolutely does not work . We still have moles .
 IT IS A HOLLOW TUBE , SO NOT STRONG ENOUGH TO BE POUNDED INTO GROUND . OUR GROUND IS VERY HARD .
 It worked for about a week now there back killing my garden would not recommend
 I 'm a contractor and have a slew of levels and really like this company , however the things that make this level so `` nice '' are the factors that make it a bit flimsy ... it bent as I was taking it out of my truck ! It did n't bend on the straight edge side -LRB- the side you use with the bubbles -RRB- , it bent sideways . Strangely enough , I was able to `` bend it back '' in place and it seems to work fine -LRB- I checked it againtst my other levels -RRB- but I guess the fact that it is so long and light -LRB- the `` good '' things about it -RRB- are the same things which make it so weak . Anyway , I thought it was unusally inexpensive and that may explain it . I would n't -LSB- try to -RSB- return it as it arrived in good condition and it was my fault it bent - just be aware how gently you must use this tool .
 I bought these aprons in Jan/Feb and we have washed them ONCE and the seams are already coming undone ! Do n't buy it !
 What I ordered and what I received was two different animals !! NOT GOOD >> >> >> >
 The product was , as advertised , easy to install and has worked continuously for more than two months since I installed it . So far , it does not appear to have affected the mole population , however . To be fair , it is possible that my sandy soil is not the ideal medium for this device -LRB- instructions indicate that it works best in heavy claylike soil , although the critters have dug quite close to it -RRB- . To be really bend-over-backwards fair , I suppose it is possible that my problem is not moles , although the telltale signs are exactly what I understand mole tunnels to look like .
 When I initially placed the Mole Chaser in my front yard , within an hour a discoved a mole outside the ground in my yard . We rid ourselves of one mole . After that time , we continue to find mounds in our yard , frequently within a foot of the Vibrasonic Mole Chaser . Unfortunately , we were only able to rid ourselves of one mole . There are many still feasting in our yard . I am disappointed . We purchased two of the Mole Chasers , but we are disappointed .
 You have heard the old expression that if it sounds too good to be true it probably is ? This product is proof of that . I really wanted to avoid poison and traps so I thought I would try this P.O.S. to solve my gopher problem humanely . Sure I was skeptical , but some buyers reported success . After 4 weeks , I can report that my gophers are utterly and completely indifferent to this product . I noticed some buyers experienced a surge in activity , but I have seen nothing . Nada . Zip . Numerous fat happy gophers before , numerous fat happy gophers after.Caveat Emptor
 I purchased two of these , inserted new batteries , and placed them into the ground -- with no obstructions within 100 feet or so -- as instructed . Every couple of days , I have verified that they are still emitting the sound . Our soil is moist clay . Before , we had moderate mole activity -LRB- four or five fresh mounds per week -RRB- . Throughout the four weeks after installation , we have continued to have moderate mole activity -LRB- four or five fresh mounds per week -RRB- . The mounds were within a few feet of where I installed the products ; the mounds are still occuring within a few feet -LRB- less than 10 -RRB- of where I installed the products . My conclusion after four weeks is that I wasted -LSB- money -RSB- . I have seen absolutely zero effect on mole activity -- they do n't seem to give a rip about these being close by . I would have rated the product with zero stars but the system would not accept that so I entered one star .
 I bought two of these and figured I 'd test them for awhile before I made a judgement . The gophers and moles have laughed over Winter , Spring and the beginning of summer in Santa Barbara , California . These devices sounded like a good idea , the advert made sense , but they were a complete waste ... : -LRB-
 I had two of these and the moles dug up all around them . It does not work and may even attract them .
 Pretty sure this thing actually summoned moles into my yard.I think the little buggers are still laughing at this .
 Kept the moles away for about a month . Now they are back . I tried to chase them away the enviromental way . Now I am going to kill them.Don ' t waste your time or money this does not appear to work !
 I purchased the mole chaser 3/28/06 Th moment I recived itI put it in the ground next to a mound of dirt . I dug out he hole to see if the mole would come back . He came back and covered up the open hole about 2 inches away from the mole chaser . Just to make sure I doug the hole out again , and the next day the mole not only filled the hole he covered the mole chaser.I still have the mole I have tried every thing and it will not go away . If any one can help me get rid of the mole I would thank youI am not a kid but could not fine a review for adultsLeoMilliken , Co
 Basically put , this product does n't work . I do n't know how to put it any simpler than that . The product reviews I read say you have to give it a few weeks to work ... I 've given it several months . At first , the moles just seemingly attacked the device , not knowing what it was . Then , they just ignored it and did their thing anyway and never left . If anything , my yard seems to have more moles in it than ever.Don ' t waste your money on this product . It does n't work at all .
 It 's true . This does n't do anything to deter gophers . I 'm convinced they like it . Maybe it 's a free massage . The best deterrent I 've found so far is a playful and friendly dog . What 's playful and friendly for the dog -LRB- honestly playful and friendly , he does no harm to the gopher -RRB- is quite the opposite from the gopher 's perspective .
 Mole tunnels run right past the vibrator , and yes I hear them both working.I would expect to see no tunnels in the area .
 I am an engineer and I have evaluated this battery powered product . I bought 2 Vibrasonic Mole Chasers -LRB- VMC -RRB- several months ago . The manufacturer claimed 1 VMC would effectively cover a 13,500 sq.ft. , aprox . 116 ' x 116 ' . I used 2 within 5,000 sq.ft . -LRB- 70 ' x 70 ' -RRB- for 3 months and found them to be INEFFECTIVE and Very EXPENSIVE to power them with fresh batteries . The VMC uses 4 `` D '' cell batteries costing $ 8-10 dollars . The noise level that the VMC produces quickly fades after 30 days use @ 24 hrs/7days weekly . My cost for Batteries for 2 VMC 's was $ 16-20 depending where purchased . I find it hard to believe the mfgr 's claim that 1 VMC would cover a 13,500 sq.ft . area when I found 2 VMC 's to be INEFFECTIVE within a 5,000 sq.ft . area . The 2 VMC 's that I installed DID NOT CHASE ANY MOLES AWAY !!! Moles eat grubs and worms and have a voracious appetite and experts say they will consume twice their body weight in one day . Moles have a very keen sense of hearing ; they can hear the movement of worms and their hearing helps them to detect their food source . Gophers , eat plant roots and do not rely on hearing to detect their food . Unnatural noise confounds the moles from detecting their food source while noise irritates the gopher . These units are very expensive to operate . If 10 VMC 's were installed in a garden , as one user suggested placing 1 VMC every 10 feet , the cost of batteries would be $ 160-200 dollars every 45 days at best . If these units were designed to run on 110 volts house current with a 6 volt transformer they would be more efficient and alot cheaper to operate . -LRB- 1 `` D '' cell battery is 1.5 volts x 4 cells = 6.0 volts -RRB- . The idea is to generate LOTS of NOISE ALL of the time . The NOISE LEVEL on the VMC DROPS off after 30 Days ! I have tried all sorts of devices ; gas bombs , mole traps , poison worms , castor oil , etc. all of which have had only temporary results . The only device I have found to be 100 % effective is a rubber adaptor that clamps to an automobile exhaust pipe that allows one to hook up a common garden hose to direct Carbon Monoxide into the mole tunnels . It takes approx 8-10 minutes per tunnel , it is very effective , it Kills . This treatment has to be repeated annually as migrant moles will reoccupy the old tunnels and continue to multiply . This rubber adaptor kit can be purchased at most Hardware stores for $ 12-15 , which is alot CHEAPER than continually buying batteries for the Vibasonic Mole Chaser . Moles reproduce 2 offspring each season and in 4-5 years can seriously cause foundation damage to your home that could result in thousands of dollars of repairs . I recommend buying the Auto Exhaust Kit for $ 12-15 , Unless you want to spend hundeds of dollars on batteries . I find it hard to believe that ANYONE who has purchased this product can in GOOD CONSCIENCE say that they have had GOOD results with their Vibrosonic Mole Chaser and that it was a GOOD investment . I wasted $ 45 for 2 VMC 's .
 This product seemed like a very good idea . Annoy the moles and/or gophers and chase them away . I read the reviews on here with people saying `` no , you did n't wait long enough , etc '' and so I figured I would give it a shot . A company would n't produce a product that is entirely worthless right ? Wrong ... I have two of these - the one with the motor inside -LRB- the vibrasonic -RRB- and also the solid state one -LRB- the original one I believe -RRB- . The vibrasonic one is much louder than the electronic -LRB- solid state -RRB- model . The electronic one you can hardly hear , but the vibrasonic is so loud that it makes you and your family consider moving out ! : - -RRB- As far as the moles and/or gophers , it does n't phase them in the least . I had a mole in my yard for weeks and this did nothing . The mole happily went on about his business - digging up my yard , etc. . In fact , I put two of these in my yard -LRB- the original version and the vibrasonic version -RRB- , only about 20 feet apart . Keep in mind , my side yard -LRB- where the mole was -RRB- is only about 40 feet by 20 feet total , so we are n't talking about a large area . Still , it did n't have any impact on the mole whatsoever . He dug holes right near both of them and contrary to the info from the company , it has nothing to do with them being territorial , etc. . They just do n't pay any attention to it.I finally gave up on these silly things and bought a traditional mole trap that runs spikes into the side of the mole . In one case , I just waited around until the mole went past in a tunnel near the surface and whacked him in the head with a trowel I had sitting nearby . That made short work of him.When you factor up the cost of these units , plus the cost of expensive D batteries that they go through , you can buy yourself quite a few gopher/mole traps . The metal kind that spring shut work great ; I called my dad and he said he has been using them for over 40 years and they never fail . That 's good enough for me . Save your money on this product - it just does not work . The only solution is to kill the mole and throw his body into the trash . That works 100 % of the time .
 I have used the product before with modest success . However , I now have two in my front yard , and they now seem to attract moles and gophers rather than repel them - I have a new burrow this morning right NEXT to the still beeping molechaser ! Will call an exterminator this weekend .
 I bought one of these , put it in the ground and it has had no effect on the gophers . Holes are popping up all around it .
 I have mounds as large as never before and just few feet from those devices . It looks like moles got excited with the `` music '' produced by molchaser and became more productive.Total waste of money . I have bought 2 from site that gives 60 day trial , will return them asap . Will see how that goes . Shipping costs lost anyways .
 I placed 2 mole chasers about 4 weeks ago in my back yard . I have sandy soil so I placed them about 30 ' apart -LRB- shorter interval with sandy soil/farther for clay soil -RRB- . So far , no success . The moles are still tunneling the same as previous . I know the mole tunnels are active because every time I smash the tunnel down , within an hour , it is back up . These tunnels are within close proximity of the mole chaser . I took the cap off to determine if they were still working and they are . I have n't given up on the mole chasers yet , but I 'm getting nervous . My friend used a mole chaser in the past with success , so I 'm remaining `` cautiously optimistic '' .
 Well I hoped this would be the solution to end all my mole problems ... or at least provide some better results than a do nothing strategy . Initially I saw a lull of activity after strategically placing the P3 International P7906 Vibrasonic Molechaser in the worst part of my yard . I even bragged to my neighbor that i had found the perfect solution . Well about 7 days later i started noticing that my `` friend '' was back with a vengeance . He had the gull to dig up piles of dirt two feet away from my `` molechaser '' and more . Finally after about the 10th mole mound I concluded that this mole has seen too many episodes of Caddy Shack and the escapades of his cousin the gopher . I sent an email back to the vendor and quickly got back my RMA . I guess i need to try a different approach ... anyone have a hammer ...
 I bought two of these . I 've had them out for months , and have new tunnels all around them . They simply do NOT work .
 Mit den allergr&ouml; & szlig ; ten Vorbehalten erwarb ich nach jahrelangem &Auml;rger &uuml;ber die Maulw&uuml;rfe den Vibrasonic Molechaser . Unsere Nachbarn besitzen ein &auml;hnliches , wenngleich weitaus preisg&uuml;nstigeres Ger&auml;t ohne Zufallssteuerung ; sie verzeichneten einen deutlichen R&uuml;ckgang von Beeintr&auml;chtigungen durch Maulw&uuml;rfe.Der Name `` Vibrasonic Molechaser '' ist allerdings klasse.Mein erster Eindruck war , dass das Innenleben aus einer Konstruktion besteht , deren Materialwert wenige Cent betragen d&uuml;rfte . Nach dem Einlegen der Batterien schreckte ich wegen der gro & szlig ; en Lautst&auml;rke , die die Motorrassel verursacht , zusammen . W&uuml;rde es mit der idyllischen Ruhe in unserem Garten f&uuml;r immer vorbei sein ? Warum ist im Katalog nicht davon die Rede , wie die seismischen Schwingungen erzeugt werden und dass das Ger&auml;t auch f&uuml;r Menschen zu h&ouml;ren ist ? Und
 There 's one born every minute . If that 's you then send your money for this molechaser , it 's your destiny . Everyone else should just slowly move away from the computer so as not to activate a one click purchase on this rube-magnet . Best of luck with the critters . Try chili pepper , at least it 's cheaper .
 I have 2 acres with heavily forested edges that I gladly share with a wide variety of wildlife . I have a huge mole problem in the grassy area in the middle . I bought two of these units and placed them in the areas of worst infestation . Imagine my thrill the next morning when I saw 3 mole trails heading for the edges in a straight line -LRB- instead of the normal meandering route they usually use -RRB- . But in a week , they were not only back , but practically circling the units . I tried to follow all the tips another review gave , but if anything , things are worse than they were before . I guess I 'll try putting these out again in the spring . but not sure why.Also , I can hear the sound these units make , and I do n't like it at all . But I 'm real fussy about sounds . I thought it would be like my indoor sonic pest chasers , which are inaudible . These seem to work well , since I have had no indoor pests since I installed them -LRB- years -RRB- . Before , well we wo n't talk about that .
 I have two of these in my backyard - and the moles are tunneling all over the place . My whole lot is 1/3 acre , so coverage is not an issue - they are tunneling within 20 feet of both of them.I have them placed in heavy soil - and they have not kept moles away at all . I have resorted to traps to get rid of the moles.Save your money . Huge disappointment .
 Warning to all potential buyers ! This product is a total farce . I bought four of these and placed them way closer than the required maximum distance . And yes I put brand new Duracells in these things . The moles actually burrowed right next to thems . Save your money and buy the old fashioned traps that actually kill the moles . These things do n't work .
 Do n't waste your money . I bought two of these . A few weeks later several moles tunneled within 10 feet of the one in the same places as last year . I put one in my gardern - a few weeks later a mole tunneled right alongside the molechaser as if to see what it was to his delight ! Total waste of money like everthing else I 've tried except Nash loop traps .
 Sorry , but I tried this thing and it was a waste of money . I 'm not kidding when the mole made a circle all the way around the thing to check it out . He then went along with his regular business of tearing up my yard.The search for something that works continues .
 The P3 International Vibrasonic Molechaser is perhaps the worst piece of equipment I have ever purchased ! After placing 2 molechasers in our yard for about 7 weeks , we actually have more moles now than we did before . Not only are they eating our flower bulbs , but now have attacked the garden plants . Consequently we moved the `` moleattractors '' closer to the flower bed and garden area . The moles moved also - the greatest concentration of moles in the yard is now within 5 feet of the `` moleattractors '' . In the end we decided that the Vibrasonic Molechaser makes an excellent -LRB- but expensive -RRB- launching system for bottle rockets ! So , save your money and look to another method of controlling your rodent population .
 I did n't purchase this product through Amazon but I will tell you this ... SAVE YOUR MONEY ! THEY DO NOT WORK ! ! ! I have used this product and the other one made of Plastic and neither one successfully gets rid of gophers . All they really do is cause the damned rodents to move around more than they normally do . I set up a '' Wall of these units along one side of my property to keep them in the white-trash neighbor 's yard . They seem to be more interested in breeding them instead of disposing of them . I had twelve of these '' Sonic Chasers '' lined up to form a wall of noise and they still came through into my property . I have been trying to get these Sonic Chasers to work for eight plus years so I count myself as being more than Knowledgeable and well versed in their usage.The only inexpensive way to get rid of gophers is to poison and or trap them until there are no more.I have been fighting them for eight years using the Sonic Chasers . Save your money and do something else with it , like buy poison and traps because all you will end up doing is buying lots and lots of batteries.The first problem with these Sonic Chasers is they are not loud enough and the second problem is they are not loud enough ... get my drift ? The other problem is the noise has to long a silence period in-between the pathetic noise they make . Actually it 's more like a weak-ass buzzer.I 'm going to save up for the '' BIG GUNS '' and destroy them once and for all . As for me , anyone want some free Sonic Chasers ? ? ? ... Batteries not included ! Just repeat after me ... Poison and Traps , Poison and Traps The only way to kill them is Poison and Traps ! and of course The BIG GUNS !
 Plain and simple , these do n't work . I started off with a couple , no success . I thought maybe I needed more to minimize the coverage radius ... , nope . I can just see those little varmits gathering around these things in the ground , eating worms and just laughing when these make their goofy little sonic rattling noice .
 We 've used the basic sonic mole chasers in our yard for years and been very happy with the results . When we saw this model we assumed it was an upgraded version , so we ordered a couple . This model is nothing like the basic , and even seems a bit cheesy in construction by comparison -LRB- one was even broken upon arrival -RRB- . Unfortunately we did n't open the box immediately so did n't realize about the broken pieces -LRB- a little spinner wheel at the top of the tube -RRB- , or about this being a different product . It 's too late for a return so we 're now out the $ 50 that we paid -LRB- with shipping -RRB- for the two.Don ' t make our mistake . If you want a mole chaser that will actually do the job , buy the basic sonic -LRB- P7900 -RRB- . Just make sure you have enough of them to cover the square footage you 're expecting to chase moles away from , and expect to have excess digging for a few days as the moles try to escape the noise -LRB- the instructions state that this will happen -RRB- . Also , keep the batteries fresh . We get a full summer out of the batteries we use .
 2 days after putting out my 2 Mole Chaser a Gopher appeared 2 feet from the functioning mole chaser . Chalk up another mistake in buying this product .
 We had just paid $ 2500 to put a new lawn in when I noticed a couple mole hills pop up . Being an animal lover I wanted to avoid resorting to poisons and traps so I purchased the P7906 Vibrasonic Molechaser . What I had believed to be device that repelled pests in a manner similar to the ultrasonic units used to keep insects out of your house actually turned out to be nothing more than a battery powered rattle that requires 4 D cells.Our yard is about 1/3 of an acre and the soil is of the clay type that is supposedly ideal for this product . I planted the stake near the concentration of mole hills , stomped them down and waited a few days to see if the returned . They did n't seem to so I moved the stake to the center of the yard to benefit from maximum coverage . 2 days later the hills were back in full force . I moved the stake back to the mole camp again . They moved about 5 feet away from their original spot.Finally I stuck the stake directly into the center of mole trails . This morning my yard looks like I had been invaded by grave robbers . The moles have set up shop about 3 feet from the stake and have apparently invited all their friends to join them for a good laugh at this worthless piece of junk.If you are looking to maximize the damage to your yard then buy this stake , move it around a few times and enjoy the devastation . If you want to get rid of moles , your money is better spent on traps or poisons that , while less humane , are more likely to keep your yard free of infestation and you more likely to stay sane .
 I read the mixed reviews on this site before purchasing , so it 's my own fault for still going ahead and purchasing ! I was hopeful the product would work for me.I 've tried 3 of these in different locations in my yard , all with the same result
 If you have a gopher , do n't waste your money on this product . It does n't work . Our gopher almost loves the sound . It keeps staying in the very close vicinity and keeps creating new holes . FYI , my soil is clay .
 Ordered 4 new units and out of the box they do not work not unless you hold the unit in your hand . When placed in canister they stop . Had great luck with the product in the past . The manufacture must be outsourcing to cut corners . Moles are digging around the units placed in yard . Looking for another brand that works .
 Bought two . Ran them all spring at opposite ends of the lawn . ABSOLUTELY no help . Not worth any money at all .
 We have a gopher in our small lawn and flower beds . I read the previous reviews and was dubious , but bought two of these noise makers , to make sure they covered the area . I followed the instructions and the advice people gave in their reviews to bury each of them down to the line and then packed the dirt down around them . Even after a month of use , they have n't chased the gopher anywhere . It continues to create new dirt piles.Because of the continuing problem , I have since read more about gopher control and the `` experts '' do n't recommend these , but do recommend traps instead .
 I bought this and it seemed to work fine for about 2 months in a small front yard . Then the moles came and actually TUNNELED RIGHT PAST IT!This is a waste of money .
 I have been using the Mole Chaser for at least three weeks . Results are supposed to be seen within seven to 14 days . Our lawn is small , 30 ft. X 40 ft. and is in clay soil , the best type of soil for use of this item . The `` noise '' the Mole Chaser makes is very low and there has been no change in the damage the moles are doing to the lawn , in fact , it may be worse . In defense of the Mole Chaser , it is very well made and high quality , it just does n't seem to work .
 Do n't waste your money . We purchased two ; they have been in the ground for three weeks and the moles are still very active and within 6 feet of the molechaser .
 I recently wasted $ 100 on four P3 Vibrasonic Mole Chasers . Where prior to installing these unbelievably disappointing devices , I had a few mole hills . As soon as I install the so-called mole chasers , and I mean within 24 hours , the mole hills increased 5-10 fold especially within 25 feet of the device . It seems that in my unique soil , these chasers are far better attracters .
 The Vibrasonic Mole Chaser is a joke . We bought four of them . We had new mounds with in inches of one of them a month after we installed them .
 ... by these silly devices and by our foolhardy belief in the hype that convinced us to buy them . We used them scrupulously , exactly as instructed , for two months . And the moles ? There were new tunnels within a few inches of one of the Mole Chasers , just days after insertion . By the time we gave up , there were at least as many active tunnels as before . For our moles , at least , these devices were completely useless . Buy a kill trap and learn how to use it if you want to get rid of moles -LRB- e.g. Victor plunger style mole trap , available on Amazon -RRB- . WOODSTREAM CORP # 0645 Plunger Mole Trap
 They have a strong smell of out gassing rubber and the straps do n't keep them in place . The straps do n't give as you bend your knee so they hurt I was unable to use them and ended up throwing them away .
 I purchased 5 of these sonic mole deterrents to get rid of moles in the yard of new house we bought in the country . After a full spring to fall season , I can honestly say that these absolutely do not work . The moles burrow all around the spikes , without any sign of being aggravated or bothered by the sonic bursts . It may work fine in a laboratory setting , but do not work in the yard .
 The ground squirrels are borring next to this unit . The vibration and sound does not bother them . I have put this unit in their holes and that has not worked .
 Although they say that one unit covers 9000 sq.ft. , I put 3 units in my backyard , that is only 25 ' x 75 ' -LRB- only 1875 sq. ft -RRB- . Even so , with 3 units , one month after I put the units in my backyard the moles are still really having fun on it.I tried to have support by e-mail but they never answered me.Then I tried to send a fax but the fax number was out of service.Then I called them . But allmost always a record machine answered my call . Then I left a message . But they never called me back.Finally once , a guy answered the phone but he told me it was n't the support department but he did n't give me a support phone number.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT AT ALL !
 Do n't know if this would be effective , we can not get it in our hard ground -- it is only plastic and fragile .
 I am uncertain if this really does what it is INTENDED to do , even though the device itself works well . Yes , it removes moles from its * immediate * vicinity , but they will just go hide underground behind the nearest obstruction that extends underground -LRB- i.e.
 I ordered two . One was DOA . Other is in the ground and seems to be doing an adequate job , but it could be that they are flushing the gophers out for my cat , who nailed 3 in one night . `` good boy ! '' I 'd like to give this more time and will do follow up in a month .
 I purchasd 6 mole chasers and tested 2 mole chasers for two weeks . The results were not great and I still have the moles/gophers coming two feet away from the chaser . I 'm going to try the Exhart Mole mover since they have a good reviews .
 DO NOT BUY ANY OF THIS KIND OF `` MOLE REPELLER '' . TONE/VIBRATE KIND OF STAKES DO N'T WORK . AS , I READ OTHER `` CRITICAL '' REVIEWS , AS STATED '' YOU WOULD HAVE TO HIT A MOLE -LRB- VOLE -RRB- WITH THE STAKE TO GET RID OF THE MOLES '' .
 Yeah , I was a little disappointed with this one . I 'd purchased it along with a different model ASIN
 I have placed two of these devices about 25 feet apart in a heavily torn up area . I rolled the previous damage down to make mowing easier once again and they are back in that area again after two weeks . I put new batteries in them and buried them using a shovel and stomping in around the stakes , but I guess its dance or tunneling music to our moles . Perhaps it just takes a bit longer .
 I purchased 4 Mole Chasers for a small yard . I have followed the direction precisely . It has been 6 weeks . These DO NOT WORK AT ALL . SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 after over a month of using the molechaser , I still have dirt piles popping up all over my yard . Some of these are only 6 feet away from where I placed the device.I followed the instructions , shelled out money for 4 D-cell batteries , and still no luck . I think one of the neighborhood cats got to one of the moles -- my dog carried it to the back door like it was some sort of prize that she wanted to share with me . Alas , the dirt piles still dot the landscape of my mole infested lawn.My advice would be to save your money and buy a couple gallons of milk instead -- to entice your neighborhood cats to patrol your lawn and garden .
 The product documentation claims it takes several days for the sound emitted from the Mole Chaser to chase the buggers away ... well 21 days and counting and Mr. Mole is still dinimg on my garden . Take my advise , buy the poison and save yourself from wasting money on the Molechaser !
 I have fought moles for years . I have tried poison pellets , gassers , the old water hose , etc. and nothing works . -LRB- I have not set traps because I do n't want to dig another hole in the lawns . -RRB- I bought the Molechaser . I was taken in by another dream seller . Hills popped up less than three feet from the new device . Save your money . Even at half price , it is a rip-off !!!
 We bought this for the backyard and right now there are three mounds around it within 4 feet . Does n't work .
 Did not help get rid of mole at all.It may have even made the problem worse.I bought three of these for my small yard and the moles just dig around them ?
 Have had two of these units in the yard for over six months . Over the course of the summer mole activity has continued in the area and even within a foot of the unit . In fact this morning there were three new mounds of dirt all with in 20 inches of the unit . The batteries are fairly new and the unit is buzzing as the manufacture claims it should . Bottom line ... they do not work in the Willamette Valley of Oregon .
 Do n't waste your money on these Gopher Chasers - they DO NOT work at all and is a complete waste of money !!!! I had them in my yard for at least 6 months and the Gophers could not come in the yard fast enough .
 After 20 days my moles continue digging happily all around this so called mole chaser ; they do not seem affected or bothered at all by it , let alone being chased out.If you ask me , it was a waste of money and I should have listened to guys who left low ratings for it . I am just way too lazy to send it back and most likely will just throw it in the garbage where it belongs.I would like to see a unit working for those who left high ratings since I am puzzled by their claim . Either their moles are more sensitive , or something is wrong with their observations .
 The housing on this model is plastic . It collapsed when I hammered it into the ground . Get the aluminum version . The affected area is not as large as claimed but these do work if placed correctly . You may need 4 to 6 to clear a lawn .
 I 've purchages these in the past at home shows and thought they worked great . I did n't have to use chemicals that may affect my animals or traps that I had to clear and my dogs no longer dug up my yard to kill them . My yard was for the most part Mole free for about 4 years . They 're back with a vengance now . I had destroyed my old chasers with the lawn mower so ordered 2 new ones . The moles are even coming up withing 5 feet of the chasers . Much of what I 've read indicates the moles left for a reason other than the chasers . Since they 're territorial I 'm guessing the dogs had already killed what we had and now we nave new ones . Guess I 'll seek professional help for them going forward . Better spend your money in an area that 's tried and true .
 The moles in my yard did n't seem to take any notice of these devices at all . I used 2 in an attempt to drive moles away from my storage shed to no avail . The devices did emit their sound for over 2 months on one set of batteries ... but unfortunately had no effect on the moles .
 These were my final step `` pre '' doing the Bill Murray / Caddy shack approach to getting rid of my gophers . Put several in the front yard , several in the back , and waited for results ... they did n't come ... The gophers would literally burrow up next to them , chuckle at such a preposterous notion , and head off their merry way leaving tic tac trails through my gardens everywhere . Let 's face it , the only way to get rid of these guys is to face that it ca n't be done . Castor pellets / spray works relatively well if you do it often enough / at least once a month ... I 've had `` Clark Pest Control '' in for almost a year now and I may as well have been spending my money on `` insert derogatory word here '' -LRB- complete waste of money -RRB- ... All they do is use a tool you can buy at Home Depot for $ 25 to insert poison pellets in to the gopher burrow ... All in all ... forget buying any kind of product that uses this technology .
 I Purchased the P3 P7901 Mole Chaser and put it in the ground just like the instructions said . It does n't stay on all the time . Have to go shake the top of it 2 or 3 times a week . Chipmunks have made new holes , right next to it . I am not impressed with this item at all . Save your money .
 I bought two to cover a decent sized yard , but was very disappointed.I gave it months to work , and for a brief time I thought that these were working , but the moles kept coming and the mole holes kept popping up.Eventually the ground froze and I had to take them up as indicated in the instructions . I 'll try them again in the Spring , but so far I 'm just a little mad at the amount that I 've spent on batteries.On still evenings I did hear the chirping of the steaks , even from inside the house , but that was n't enough to give it a negative review . I do live overseas , and that might be a contributing factor ?? Perhaps these Eastern European moles are more resilient than their US Counterparts.But overall I 'm just disappointed that they did n't seem to help at all . In fact , if it did n't sound paranoid , I 'd swear that it actually attracted more moles to the yard ...
 This is the worst product I ever purchased thru Amazon . The mole actually dug mounds around this device while it was operational several times . I would never recommend it .
 not sure if it works or not yet , but very sure I hear the noise , loud and clear . I gave it a 2 stars for now , but if it does work , I think it deserves a 4stars .
 I bought 2 of these for a fairly small front yard , about 50ft by 50ft . Installed the first one 2 weeks ago . The moles built a new outlet about 12 ft from the mole chaser . I then installed the second one about 25 ft from the first one last weekend . The moles built another outlet about 2ft from their other hole and about half way between the 2 mole chasers . I am going to leave them in operation to see if they will drive the moles off . Right now , I am skeptical that the mole chasers will do any better than they have done so far .
 I purchased several for my first house and I thought they chased the moles to the neighbors yards . On my second house it had no effect and the moles even dug around it and even dug up a couple . Do n't waste your money .
 With all the mixed reviews I was skeptical to order . I 've been fighting these little ! @ # $ % ! for months now and they keep popping back up . For the price I figured this was worth a shot.It 's been 3 days and no activity . This is a highly active area where I 've even seen gophers in the morning hours . Keeping my fingers crossed . I 'll post an update soon .
 Do n't waste your time or money on any of these products . None of them work . The moles tunneled right over to this device and piled up mounds of dirt right next to it . My neighbor has two sonic mole chasers and those do n't work either . You have to kill them to get rid of them , but more will always come back . I have killed several with the spike traps , but more return . There is no way to get rid of moles forever .
 Last year I bought a new house , and it came with some furry friends in the backyard . After a few frustrating months of trying various smelly things , flooding their holes , and some of the other non-poisonous methods , I decided to give a sonic device a shot . This was the one I actually tried . In fact , I put two of them in my backyard.For the first four or five months I thought that they were doing a great job . They they seemed to stop working . They were still making that annoying sound every minute , but every few mornings I would find another mound in the yard.Suddenly it occured to me why . Over the winter , few birds visited the feeders , and very little seed was scattered . Now the seed was being scattered , and the furry scavangers were back.What finally helped in my case was to remove the turf under the feeders , put some poison pellets down , cover it up with landscaping faberic and lava rock . -LRB- I did n't want my dog or cat accidently getting at the poison . -RRB- I stompped-down a couple more mounds over the next two weeks -LRB- they did n't break through the fabric -RRB- , and then it stopped . They either moved back to whichever neighbor was providing them with better , less poisonous , easier to get to food , or they died.I ca n't believe I put up with that constant , stupid buzzing from the sonic mole chasers for as long as I did . My backyard is peaceful again.I 've heard some people swear these things worked . And for the first few months I would have believed them . The concept is correct
 This device has not helped the situation one bit . The gophers have left me dirt piles 2 feet away from it . I do n't know why they call it a mole chaser , unless that 's because it only works on moles . All I got to say is `` hold on to your money '' , this is just a noisy piece of junk .
 When having mole problems in Florida and Kentucky , one being sandy and the other clay like soil , I came across the P3 mole chaser on the word of some environmental friends . After reading and hearing more about the product , I was highly interested in the idea and product . My observations after using this device in multiple States , different conditions , etc , is it works better in sandy conditions better than clay ones . In Florida , the moles moved out of my yard , in Kentucky just about 20 feet away from the device . My big problem with the P3 is the lack of regard for my neighbors . While in Florida I did not have issues , my neighbors began to have them . Although it was not my fault , the mole is to blame , I did move my problem to their yards . This is the failure of the device even if it works . Also in Kentucky , we got a good outdoor cat who actually digs the moles up out of the ground , 5 and counting , so while more expensive , Nelly is infinately more effective in controling our mole problem .
 I installed this chaser a week ago and today i saw a gopher who made more holes 20 inches from the chaser .
 I bought this product because of the Kohler name . I installed it and every time I try to get soap from it I have to pump it MANY times to get anything out.I DO NOT recommend this product . Do n't be fooled by the Kohler name .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 I bought this item because it looked nice . Was very excited to get , took it out of the box and put it together . The plastic cylinder did n't fit.There was a chip on it . I expected walnut and received black , Looks are deceiving . Please do not waste your money . I wo n't return it because its more of a hassle to return then buy .
 This lamp is beautiful , once it 's together . I did n't realize the panels were plastic , and I thought it would look really cheap , but you ca n't tell . The only problem I had with this is that I ordered walnut and received black . Also , there was a gash on the wood .
 I was really disappointed with the overall quality of this lamp . It 's made out of cheap wood with plastic semi-circular covers that are somewhat difficult to install during construction and/or if you have to change out a light bulb . The base never fit together correctly . Despite my efforts , I never got the lamp to stand up straight so the lamp always slanted slightly to one side . The only reason I kept it was that I had paid so much for it -LRB- $ 100 + -RRB- and because it was hidden behind a 6-foot folding floor shade and was never seen by visitors . All that said , it did last me 5-6 years until a short finally made me not trust it anymore and I threw it out . For the money I would recommend buying something else .
 I did not think they came in a 5 pack but took a chance . Disappointed that they do n't know what they are selling .
 The ad for this says `` A perfectly straight 50 ft. line '' . No quibbles there . But as far as level goes the one I bought was way off . The spec sheet quotes an accuracy of + / - .55 '' over 30ft . Using a 4ft and 6ft bubble level my unit was off just less than 2 '' over 30ft . The problem here is that the only recourse is to get a replacement by sending the unit back at your cost and paying an additional $ 6.95 to ship a new unit back to you . That 's nearly half the cost of the level . I guess I 'd spend a little more to get a more accurate unit .
 Although I bought from Amazon , the actual seller was &#34; Get Organized &#34; who somehow is affiliated with Taylor Gifts . I paid for the product as well as shipping . The laser shoots 90 degrees perpendicular to the target line instead of down the target line ! I mailed it back and checked the box that said replace the product and wrote a full explanation . Taylor Gifts credited my credit card for the purchase price less shipping and handling . I wrote them an email saying that I checked the box that said to send a replacement , and that I kept my documentation , which I could fax or email over . They wrote me one back to say to call them and give them a credit card # so they can send the item again . After &#62; 3 emails and &#62; 3 calls , they wo n't call back.I 'm out shipping and handling to my home plus shipping back to Taylor Gifts with nothing to show for it . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM FROM AMAZON UNTIL THEY GET A NEW VENDOR!I am a dedicated Amazon customer and have ordered 4 or 5 other items since this incident , including 1 item a few minutes ago . Amazon is great but do n't trust this vendor for this item !
 Someone bought this `` Laser Straight '' level for me , and at first sight I was skeptical . When I used it , I found that the level was n't at all accurate . It would be centered in one position , and then I flipped it around and the bubble was off by 3/16 '' ! It can not be trusted , therefore I give it the `` piece of crap '' rating !
 product needed calibration point the beam straight , and lens was cloudy and allowed very little light to pass through . If you have the time and know-how , you will get a decent item for a decent price , if not I would recommend spending a few more dollars to get a nicer item .
 I selected two units yesterday when they were $ 4.99 each , created the order , processed the order and one day later you CANCEL my order with no explanation and raise the PRICE $ 3.00 each !! , nearly doubling the cost . Bait and Switch is still illegal !! K.M.A.
 The fit and finish on these cutters was disappointing . The jaws neither open very wide , about an inch , nor do they close COMPLETELY . Having said that ; they do cut rigid steel fine but do not handle more flexible items like heavy barbed wire and fencing well since they tend to canter and pinch the wire between the sides of the jaws . I would have been better off going to Sears or Home Depot and eyeballing a pair .
 I used them to cut a few small pieces of soft steel 1/4 `` maybe 3 or 4 times and then 1 piece of rebar and that wasall she wrote . The jaw snapped and no one has replacment jaws.Needless to say I will need to purchase a real set of Bolt cutters now .
 I just got this at Lowes for $ 569 , plus they had it on sale for 20 % off which made it 455.20 plus an extra $ 10 off coupon for my next visit.Update 12-25-2010I would not recommend Dewalt tools . After using drill for 2 months the chuck broke , Lowes replaced it yet since then I 've had to take it to their tool center in Sac twice which for me is 180 roundtrip . Also the last time there they would n't repair items unless I paid the charge even tho is was still under warranty . they tried to claim that is was because of heavy use even tho i 'm just a homeowner . I had to file a claim with BBB.org to get them to honor their warranty . Black and Decker finally agreed to fix it and the broken skill saw . Now the drill is being to smoke and I 'm sure that it 's only a matter of time before it dies . Also I have a contractor friend that have used Dewalts in the past and he said that their batteries do n't last . I know that my batteries do n't hold a charge for long but i wo n't pay 100 for new ones
 We purchased this heat tape and the insulation for it and installed it 9/2011 . It is still working . The install was straight forward and not difficult . This recent purchase is a backup.This is a FOLLOWUP to my original review dated January 8 , 2013 . Heat tape installed 9/2011 has failed . Woke up early AM 1/21/2013 and pipes were frozen . We live in a 1992 moblie home , built for us and we have lived in it for 20 years . The original heat tape lasted us 15 years then failed . We a had it replaced by a heating contractor and that failed us within 2 years . That is when we replaced it ourselves with this product , now that has failed . Luckily I purchased a second one but I do n't hold out much hope of that lasting very long . Will now go to hardware store to purchase a heat gun .
 This is a nice looking porch light , but my unit only stays ON all the time if programmed for motion activation . I finally gave up and ended up waiting too long to return it and now just use it as an on and off fixture . Be sure you test your order in time to return a defective unit . I was quite disappointed .
 I have 27 32SA sprinkler heads . Two years ago I repalced 25 of them . Last year I had to replace 22 of the 27 . This year another 23 have stopped rotating . There is something wrong with the 32SA series . Maybe Rainbird wants people to replace them over and over again.It is not my sprinkler system . I have a super fine system mesh filter so it is not debris . Not only was system off for winter , but I live in FL and it did not freeze here last year . My 12 42SA 's have been running for over 5 years without a problem . The same goes for my 43 1800 spray heads . In 7 years , the only 1800 I had to replace was 1 that failed to retract and the lawn mover killed it.So ... 1800 's good reliability42SA 's good reliability32SA 's piece of garbage . I have light bulbs that last longer . Stay away from the 32SA series .
 I will not purchase these again . Of the dozen or so I have used , and replaced over the last 4 years , I find the average life 3-6 months . Some will break the first time you clean the filter screen . Problem is screwing them in place without breaking the rotating center gear . Will still pop up , but not rotate . Weak and easially broken .
 Buyer Beware ! This company is not a particularly good one to deal with when addressing their product failures . I purchased this very lockbox a few months ago . I did n't have the yardsale -LRB- for which the box was purchased -RRB- until this past weekend . I went to use the box and came to discover that the keys the company provide for this box were the wrong make - they were keys for a different model lockbox.I called the 1-800 phone number to get this problem fixed -LRB- i.e. the proper keys -RRB- but was told that since I could no longer produce the receipt from months ago that I would have to now purchase the proper keys at $ 7.95 . This is a product/company error and I am being required to pay almost HALF the original purchase price for the entire box because of this companies inability to provide the proper key for the purchased box.I would suggest that potential buyers take their money and purchase lockboxes from companies that actually honor the time bound expectation of providing quality products . This company does NOT do that .
 I did n't know enough about the system to realize I do n't need these nozzles . I may when the others get old and clogged up . I might have wanted some extra hose and full brass pieces which is essentially another whole system . I did not need any kind of pump . I did need more of the heavy plastic hose . Guess what ? Do n't spend the $ $ $ on the extra plastic hose they sell . I went to Lowe 's and got a white heavy duty plastic high pressure hose that is used for dishwashers . They cut it for you at any length , it only cost a couple of dollars . It is the same circumference and works great as my extension .
 I bought these for misting outdoors . Installed in a system which contained a good pump and double filter for sediments . It worked great for two days then a couple started producing a drip within 3 weaks all 24 was producing nice drips but no mist . Utterly disappointed . Wondering if i need carbons filters since i am assuming calcium deposition or other mineral ion deposition on the tips is producing the problem . Also considering corrosion as another problem since the brass is corroding and changing colour . If anyone has a suggestion for helping me i will be much grateful .
 While the misting nozzles were as described , do n't be fooled by the `` combined shipping '' tag . The only thing they combine is everything into one package . You still pay postage for each order of misting nozzles separately . I paid $ 19.95 for 5 packages of misting nozzles , and I paid $ 24.95 for shipping . They claim that Amazon wo n't let them combine shipping costs and said the misting nozzles were still cheap even if I figured in all the shipping costs . Typically , when a consumer sees a notice about combined shipping , you assume -LRB- I know . . my fault -RRB- that it means they will combine everything into one package and only charge you shipping for that package . I felt very misled .
 Nice spray but need to make sure you install screens or filters spend more time cleaning them than using them .
 I recently was going to purchase an orbit10106 5 pack.I noticed I needed more than 5 and was going to order two 5 packs.I noticed the shipping charge was $ 4.99 for one 5 pack . When I tried to order 2 the shipping chargewas $ 9.98 even though the weight of the total wouldnt have changed the shipping costs . So I sent them an e-mail andthey never mentioned anything about the shipping . All they sent back was a Rude e-mail that basically if you dontlike it find it cheaper somewhere else.If you cant trust them to send back a cordial e-mail how can you trust them if the product is defective !!! Granted the cost of the product was fairly cheap but , if you add the shipping costs you can find it cheaper elsewhere .
 This metal box is so flimsy that you can lock it then just press on the side of the box , popping it open . It 's completely UNSECURE and useless for locking anything up . I now use it as just a plain metal box . Check out the Sentry fire safes -- much better .
 The box is sturdy , but the same can not be said about the lock . Sometimes it is hard to open , using the slide release , even when unlocked .
 The item is titled a `` LOCKING '' steel file box from Honewell -LRB- one of the supposed leading companies in security -RRB- . The lock on the file box did n't work . While in the locked position , you could easily pull open the top of the file box.SO MUCH FOR SECURITY !
 This box is cheaply made , has a lock that you can unlock with a paper clip and the metal is thinner than a baking pan . It does hold hanging files , somewhat . If all you want is a box to put papers in so that you can run out of the house with them during an emergency , get a cheaper plastic one . This one will not keep anyone out of the papers you keep inside , it is not even remotely fire or water resistant -LRB- the plastic ones are more water resistant -RRB- , and dents if it gets knocked over . If I could ever get Amazon to acknowledge I sent an item back , I would return this -LRB- I only order from Amazon if I can afford to lose the money-I like the merchandise , but the return portion stinks . -RRB-
 Very thin/lightweight steel . Was a great price - but as w/everything , you get what you pay for . This product ended up dented in shipping , and has to be muscled closed . Since I wo n't be accessing it often , I will put up w/that , but I not too impressed . I 'm also still working on getting the locking mechanism to work properly .
 Length :
 I will not buy a lock box from this company again . Within two days the lock jammed , the key would not open it , and I had to pry it open with a butter knife . Yes that 's how cheap this product was ! Save your money !
 I found the level material of a thin build , not of a heavy duty grade . It was also shipped missing 1 of the 2 end caps . Stanley did send a new one , but it was the wrong size . I bought an Empire box level which I prefered over the Stanley
 I bought this level thinking it would be great . It is very easy to read the vials , however , when you are trying to pencil mark nail holes or do any marking , this level is way too thick width wise to see properly . Also , DOES NOT have ruler measurement markings when most levels on the market do . I thought the price would be good , but went to Walmart and their prices are better .
 You might be thinking `` what could someone possibly have to say about a tarp ? '' ... not much but there are a few points to remember before purchasing this one . * It is not all brown as the listing title implies . One side is brown and the other side is GREEN ! So if your trying to find an attractive tarp to blend in with a painted building or to cover a fence , this wo n't work . * While the listing states 5x7 this is incorrect . I have 6 of these tarps and all 6 are different sizes ranging from 6 X 4 to 6.8 X 3.5 so you ca n't rely on them to be consistant in their dimensions . If you are measuring an area to be covered , these will likely come up short . * You get what you pay for ... the tarps are VERY cheaply made and the grommets are poorly punched into the fabric thus early rips and tears will occur.If you need a quality tarp , look elsewhere .
 I bought these nails because I live near the ocean . Metal rusts quickly here . Galvanized nails do not work well because even they rust quickly . Therefore , it is essential to use stainless steel nails in exterior work to have something that will last.I bought these because they were relatively cheap for stainless steel nails . My mistake . I guess it is true that you get what you pay for . In less than one year , these nails started to have rust appear on their heads that started bleeding through paint . Very disappointing . the product description says these nails are grade 316 , which is the best grade for stainless steel nails.I find it hard to believe that these nails are actually grade 316 , or they should not have had rust start to appear so quickly . I purchased some 316 grade nails from another company shortly after buying these , and those nails have not rusted -LRB- and they have been outside in the same type of wood , on the same side of my house , and thus have had similar exposure -RRB- . Also , the way these nails were packaged was in a cardboard box , that was not sealed along the edges . When they arrived , nails were falling out of the seams . I have no idea how many nails were lost in their journey to me , but one is too many . The manufacturer should seal the boxes properly to prevent this.In sum , if you need long-lasting , stainless steel nails in a marine environment , these nails are not for you .
 I used this chisel set to remove dry rot from a wooden post . After 5 minutes , the blade of the large chisel was already pitted and chipped . I do n't know what the blade is made of , but it is evidently softer than dry rot . Then I used the small one , and it too was chipped and pitted after only 2 minutes.The handles are made of plastic with no metal cap ends . These chisels are no better than what you get at a dollar store . I have been very disappointed with Stanley products lately . I bought Stanley leather work gloves that was literally unraveling at the seams as soon as I opened the package . I had to sew it back by hand . Then the inner lining started to fall apart after one use . No more Stanley for me !
 When I read the description of this item & saw that the readouts were 1/8 '' , I incorrectly assumed that these readouts would be in ADDITION to the usual one inch readouts found on all other tape measures I 've owned . I was wrong . It had readouts of feet , a running inches readout -LRB- for example , 30 '' , 31 '' etc. -RRB- , but no readout that will tell you 5 feet 6 inches , for example . You can use it to find that your measurement is 66 inches & do the arithmetic in your head , but no convenient way to know that the readout is equivalent to 5 feet 6 inches . Because it 's so common to find feet + inch readouts , I think the description of the item should mention that it had readouts in 1/8 '' ONLY , & no one inch readouts . It 's well-made , but does n't serve my needs , so will have to be returned .
 The Kohler K-1895 dispenser is very poorly made in China . I had to return the first one because the spout was off by 45 . This , obviously , resulted in the soap being dispensed off to the side rather than straight downwards . Its replacement is better but certainly not perfect - the spout is about 5 to 10 off center . I 'll probably return this one too and search for a different brand . It 's disappointing to see an item of a Kohler so poorly made . It appears to be a brand that I can no longer rely on for its quality .
 I bought two of these for my two kitchen sinks . One works fine . The other has been a problem from the beginning . It did n't sit right on the sink and so the pump did n't work well . When my husband went to take it apart and re-do it , the neck snapped off . A waste of money . Ca n't believe I had to order another one . I ordered a much less expensive one - since this one was made cheaply even though it was fairly expensive for a soap dispenser .
 This is a very expensive soap dispenser and it worked for only 1 year . It will not pump any liquid soap . I have tried everything to fix it and nothing comes out . I am going to try to return it , but expect problems with that . The following number of the one from Lowe 's also does not work . . Plumb Pak Brushed Nickel Soap or Lotion Dispenser Item #
 We have had 5 of these for a little over a year . When they were about 6 months old , the soap starting smelling like metal and had a greenish tint to it . I have different soaps in each one and they all are acting the same way but the orange Dial soap is the least affected . Other soaps include SoftSoap and Bath & Body Works anti-bacterial gel soaps . The dispensers function well in that soap comes out nicely , but the metal smell is a real turn off and now I have bottles of soap next to each sink , which defeats the purpose of having in counter dispensers . The plumber said that it 's the fragrance in the soaps that corrodes the metal and yields the metal smell . He said some manufacturers have started lining the `` sleeve '' with plastic to prevent this but he could n't remember which brands . I have a friend with an expensive Grohe dispenser and hers did the same thing . Since they are relatively inexpensive , I have started replacing them with a different model with hopes that we do n't encounter the metallic smell again .
 Hello , I was a student at LCTI for carpentryWhen our class got this package in , we had put this base molding along the bottom 90 degree joint where the floor and walls meet in the newly built closet that had been sheetrocked and spackled then painted . Before we started my class , I , and my teacher figured this would be a faulty product , because the present base molding was cut in 4 foot sections . Well wouldnt you know it the darn stuff dont stick where and when it 's suppose to .
 Cheap product and you get pay for easy to use but vary thin that is why its easy to work with put after I was done it looked bad and wo n't use this co again
 Long lasting and very useful . Low energy consumption and does the job to keep the bugs away . I am glad that I got this product at low price on Amazon .
 Complete waste of money . We are sure there are more moths and bugs with this light on vs. the standard . Certainly no improvement .
 Does not deter bugs AT ALL . Conventional bug lights are becoming more and more difficult to find in the stores , so we sprung for the GE CFL Bug Light . We do not see any difference in the number of moths and other flying creatures with this bulb over a regular white bulb . Also , because the casing is so large , our glass globe does n't fit over it . Very dissatisfied . I will be sending my complaint to GE next .
 I read some lousy reviews about this template set , but I figured for $ 4 on sale it would be worth a try . Wrong !!! It was a waste of money . This must be the world 's worst template set . Basically unuseable . When assembled correctly , the bushing runs into the rim on the side of the jig before it hits the lettering guide of the template on the outside edge . I made my own router setup to get around that problem , but still , the design is lousy and the letters do n't look good . Buy some nice carving gouges instead .
 I did n't expect a high end tool for this price , but this is practically useless . Trying to lower a spinning router bit through the very small letter template without chewing up the side of the template is nearly impossible , and one slip and your letter template is chewed up , as are 2/3 's of the ones I tried to use . I should have put the 7 bucks towards one of the better sign template sets .
 receiver product as promised . The item looks very cheaply made . It appears that after on use that it will be ready for the trash bin . I still have not used it . I 'm waiting for the opportunity when the need arises to carve out some message in wood . Until then I can only comment on the appearance and quality of workmanship . Neither of which is very impressive .
 I 'm sorry , I 'm not this stupid . In order to get the description tag off of the knife , I had to disassemble the entire knife . I have failed to assemble it properly . Of all the insanely over packaged items I 've bought in the last decade , this tops them all by a long shot . Unbelievable .
 I ordered this 5-pack and only received a single brush . When I called the seller they said the listing was wrong that the item is indeed a single and not a 5-pack . They offered to refund the cost , but not the shipping .
 This thing is cheap junk , not worth the price . Plus I 've seen this same product for much cheaper from other sellers . I would definitely look elsewhere .
 First off , for $ 9.90 , I did n't expect much.And sure enough , `` not much '' is what I got.It arrived today , in a package big enough for a deer rifle ; the side of the box was bashed in.The Cane Knife was n't damaged ; just an absolute piece of Chinese crap.But when I had checked Seymour Manufacturing 's website before ordering , it plainly stated this was ` made in the USA . ` Donna in Customer Service @ Seymour said : `` No , they 've been made in China for quite awhile now ... No , we just have n't gotten around to changing our website to reflect that . `` Putting aside the fact that this POS is helping support the Chinese Red Army , it 's also quite a POS.Handle fit is abysmal ; three rivets , which are off-centered , and the absolute worst job I 've ever seen when it comes to grinding a bevel on the blade!Unfair to call that a bevel ; I 've seen sharper edges on car bumpers.I 'm disappointed that Amazon is selling this POS , and I 'm upset that Seymour did nothing to let people know they are putting their name on this absolute POS!Two other bummers here
 The title is quoted from Skylink support , their words exactly , '' ... the Homelink remote system is not compatible to the Skylink model 18TR . `` Homelink is another brand and is not associated with Skylink . That said , Homelink works with many garage door openers , and so its a fair question to ask if Skylink works with Homelink.If you hoped to use the Skylink `` rolling code '' technology with a Homelink `` rolling code '' system common in 100 's of auto brands , too bad it wo n't work . Homelink is the technology behind the 3-buttons usually found on the rear-view mirror or just above the mirror on many newer models , e.g. my 2005 Honda Accord has the Homelink system built in . The Skylink receiver -LRB- the part of the system inside the garage -RRB- is incompatible with a Homelink transmitter in the car - I guess you could say they do n't talk the same `` rolling code '' . When Skylink claims they work with most garage door openers , they do but only in the most simple way . Their receiver is wired in parallel with the existing push-button switch inside the garage , it becomes an alternate switch for your garage door opener . Do n't buy this Skylink system , if you are thinking like I did that `` rolling code '' is `` rolling code '' and you will be able to use the Homelink garage door opener in your car because its `` rolling code '' , it will not work . Instead to open the garage door using Skylink you will have to carry a separate Skylink transmitter . Ironically my built-in Homelink system will also works with my older remote garage door opener that does n't use `` rolling code '' . I did read extensively before I bought this unit to see if there were problems like the one I 'm describing . I was looking specifically for `` rolling code '' technology because it is much safer and harder to break than older garage door remote systems . Unfortunately for me , the Skylink documentation was silent on this limitation , and no one had yet written it up . Otherwise the Skylink system works , but what a missed opportunity ... the Homelink system is very nice , common on many autos and does work with most newer and older garage door openers .
 Worst product I have personally purchased ... first of all let me start out by saying that I &#34; ve had this for one year now and I want to shoot myself in the foot for not returning it thinking I should wait to see if it works . I have a really old garage door opener that 's quieter than the newer ones -LRB- I know it 's weird but great -RRB- and the one I purchased for my garage door , so it made sense to buy this kit . I considered this specific one due to prices compared to the other available garage door openers . I got my first one worked great for about two months , then it quit working for no reason , the distance for this I had to get out of my car to rub up against the garage door and press the button for this to work , sure enough called service department , they ran me through the obvious stupid questions &#34; is it plugged in ? &#34; is the red light working ? &#34; then they asked me to send it to them ... -LRB- I had to pay for the shipping -RRB- then they sent it back ONE month later ! I had to do the old get out of my car open the garage door manually , pull in and get out again and shut it ... yes even in bad snow ! ... . sure enough worked for one week again , called the service dept up and what do they say ? . . &#34; send it back again &#34; . I 'm already fed up as it is , but once again I paid shipping AGAIN to send it back to them . They send me a USED one AND the one I had before ... I rewired everything to the &#34; t &#34; nothing left out made sure all the connections worked great , changed the battery in the remote , etc , etc. . . what do I get for it ? ... one more week of use and having to call the locksmith because this dumb product would n't work and I was locked out of my house ... Save your money and get something else . If there is a representative reading this , I would love my money back , but you guys refused to and were too cheap to even pay for $ 4 for shipping even when I was still under the 30 day period .
 Nice and easy to install , however doors were opening and closing with out pressing the button.Ended up replacing the door opener .
 Item is a piece of junk . I ruined several projects as this item can not drill a straight up/down hole . It now sits under my work bench and I have ordered a heavy duty drill press which is what I should of done to begin with . Do n't waste your hard earned money .
 Most decent power drills have a 43mm shaft at the front to attach a handle for the left hand or to mount them in a drill stand -LRB- this is even true for Dremel-style rotary tools -- there the entire body is often 43mm wide -RRB- . Any decent drill stand has a 43mm mount , which allows the drill to be secured in a true right angle to the work piece . -LRB- An example would be the , admittedly pricey , Bosch BS450 drill stand . -RRB- Not so this contraption
 I think every home should have a CO detector in it.Having said that , avoid this one and any others from First Alert . I bought an expensive one from them , and it gave a constant scream . The silence button did not work . Customer service would only say it should n't do that . Someone suggested that it might need to ` burn-in ' for a few minutes . So I sealed in a room surrounded by blankets to keep the noise down , and it could still be heard a block away four hours later.The store I bought it at exchanged it for this model , but the problems are just as bad . And again , no help at all from customer service . I have had my house checked and there are minimal levels of CO , but these detectors keep going off and deafening everyone around .
 I bought one of these units at a local home center and installed it , only to find that it did n't work at all . I returned the defective unit for a replacement , which also failed to work . When two supposedly merchandisable items fresh out of the bubble pack fail to work , it says little for quality control and for long-term dependability . I 'm looking for a higher-grade unit from a more reliable manufacturer -- the cost difference is negligible considering the importance of security from fire and smoke inhalation .
 I have been fighting with my Eljer toilet -LRB- what a miserable design -RRB- . I thought I could fix the setup once and for all with this kit . Unfortunately , that is not the case . so many problems with this kit as detailed here :1 -RRB- The instructions are terrible , and do n't even show you how the handle assembly goes together .2 -RRB- There is no way for the handle to remain properly affixed to the pull-arm ? It just appears to `` push together '' base don the instructions ... how is it not going to fall off ? 3 -RRB- The new flapper arm has cutouts on it that make it fall off the pivot VERY easily ... wtf?The only part I could make use of was the ball for the flush valve ... I had to use all the old parts as-is , since they worked better than anything in this kit.A poorly designed kit , with terrible instructions , on top of a poorly designed toilet . I ca n't wait to get rid of the entire mess .
 I 've had these round thermostats in my homes for many years , and always thought they were great -- simple & reliable . The fancier electronic set-back ones always seemed too fussy -LRB- I do n't know about you , but i DO N'T wake up at the same time every day -RRB- . But now I 've had to replace this Hunnewell unit three times in the past three years . It always breaks , and it 's happening again right now , keeping very erratic temps that are sometimes 6 degrees below or above the temp I 've set . I can never find my receipt to claim the warranty , and end up paying for an electrician to install it , over and over . This time I 'm finally going to buy something different , so I can hopefully have a reliable thermostat that lasts .
 Poor quality product . Could not cut anything with it , including my childs bike lock which it was purchased for . This `` heavy duty bolt cutter '' would be better described as a wire snipper .
 This is not worth the money it is junk . The snap ring set is so thin and weak it barely works if you call that working .
 I opened up the case and the spring popped out and hit me in the eye ! Still have n't managed to find the piece that attacked me so I cant even put it back together to use it properly .
 Ok First off the plastic case this tool came in came in 2 pieces literally . the tool itself , i tried to use to open a spring washer not on a car but a dryer . The tips that came on it bent , i really thought users were over exaggerating about . the quality being that poor
 Cheap set on ring pliers , heads are not very sturdy so tend to bend with torque . Ok ifyou use it once in a while , but if you need a.ring plier more then once a week get something better .
 I needed a pair of these pliers to remove a single snap ring on a Razor Pro scooter . When I opened the box for the first time , the retaining bolt popped up and almost hit me in the face!These pliers are cheaply made . The tips do n't align properly - I had to use another set of pliers to bend some of the tips to align better . When I used them to open the snap ring , the tips would n't stay in the lug holes . I was finally able to get the snap ring off on the 5th attempt by opening the ring just a little and using a flathead screwdrive to pop the ring off.Overall , I would say do n't buy these if you need to use them with any frequency , because they are n't worth the frustration . But for one-time use , there is n't anything less expensive .
 This is the worst tool I own . It may be able to remove some very flimsy snap rings , but anything even moderately tough it can not handle . In my case I was removing a retaining ring on a bike axle . First attempt one of the tips snapped right off . Second attempt , one of the tips bent and the tool simply slid out of the ring . Third attempt , tool wobbled out , opening spring poped out and flew into some corner of the garage . There was no fourth attempt.Do not buy this tool unless you are removing tiny thin snap rings - in fact , just do n't buy this tool .
 This is a product that sounds good via it 's description and would probably work in theory . However , the design and manufacturing of the product leave much to be desired . The mechanism for securing the various heads is not well designed . The physical parts for securing the heads are poor quality materials . In short , the heads do not remain firmly secured to the pliers . You will spend valuable time trying to correct the design and manufacturing flaws and ultimatley realize that there is no way to correct them . I was not using this in a `` heavy duty '' aplication and it still failed . I can not recommend this product .
 First things first , the attachment system for the tips to the handles is flimsy . It allows a lot of sideways movement and does not feel very secure . Secondly , they broke on their very first use . I was using them to install a ~ 1.5 in diameter snap ring around a Ball Joint and the tips just * ping * broke right off.May be useful for smaller Snap Rings of ~ 1/2in , and for occasional users - but definitely not for any larger rings or someone relying on them regularly .
 I ordered these just to remove a keeper ring . I should have read the reviews more carefully . These are really weak pliers and would not do the job for me at all .
 I was looking for a pliers set like this , i was gon na use it just once but wanted to keep them just in case if a similar job came after , it was a waste of money , pins bent at first use , then the center pivot got deformed making really difficult to replace the tip , and it was n't a really hard use . Really disappointing but i thing i got what i paid for
 I should have known better . These snap ring pliers are terrible quality -- they bend and twist very easily , meaning your snap ring will just pop off , or pop loose suddenly . They are not strong enough to remove the internal snap ring on my standard 3/4 '' Craftsman wrench . It would be totally useless for most automotive use.On the other hand , they cost basically nothing . You get basically nothing , so I guess it 's an even trade .
 Like Linnea , I had a horrendous experience . On the first try , one of the tips broke off . The package I bought had an additional replacement for the straight ahead application , so I simply replaced it . The same result
 We 've had this for a year . all of a sudden the touch pad does n't respond to anything . there is no way to control or program the ac/heat as the controls are frozen . ca n't get in touch with the company to fix the problem and since the 1 year limited warranty is up , we 're S.O.L. !
 I have an older furnace that seems to have issues with this thermostat -LRB- and not with any other I 've tried . -RRB- When the set temperature is well below the air temperature -LRB- ie , furnace should remain off -RRB- , it rapidly cycles the furnace in a strange way -LRB- just the compressor -- the burners do n't light , and it 's a continuous three-second cycle . -RRB- After discussing it with support , they claimed my furnace was at fault . Odd , considering that the old non-programmable thermostat was fine , as well as the replacement programmable thermostat -LRB- different brand . -RRB- I do n't think it 's a common issue , but Honeywell 's claim that it could not be their product at fault annoyed me .
 I odered a Honeywell CT3200A which was indicated as `` IN Stock '' . They sent me a less expensive substitute.I should have been contacted and asked if I wanted the less expensive substitute . Also if they were going to substitute the price should have been adjusted.Now I have to incure additional cost to return it ! I am very disatisfied . First bad experience with Amazon .
 This thermostat , according to the Honeywell site , is for standard furnace/air conditioning setups . It wo n't work with your heatpump . For that you need the CT3600 , which you ca n't buy from amazon -LRB- yet ? -RRB-
 Bought two of these units . Installed easily , programmed easily , and ran fine for a few years . Then within one year , both units began malfunctioning . During cold months , the furnace would constantly cycle the inducer motor/fan of my gas furnace -LRB- s -RRB- , but would not call for heat -LRB- gas to come on and ignite -RRB- . The temperature was found to be such that it should have not needed heat , but the thermostat called for the inducer motor to kick on . After eliminating all possible causes -LRB- ignition control module , short in wiring , batteries , etc -RRB- , it was found that the problem was definitely in the thermostat.While I liked the product , and it did run great for a few years , to have not only one , but both of the units become defective within a year from each other , leads me to believe that this item was not built for the long term - perhaps a planned obsolescence factor involved . Regardless , Honeywell 's reputation should be such that this item should not have been useless after just a few years of service.I would not recommend this product and would opt to another brand -LRB- and did - Lux with 3 years of reliable service - crossing fingers -RRB- .
 I am not sure why I am the only one writing a review that thinks that this beverage tub is poor quality . Something is not quite right about the metal . It looks more like it was painted with metallic paint than galvanized metal ! Looks cheap and it wobbles . I was a little embarrassed to have this at the party I was hosting . If you are looking for a NICE , good quality beverage tub ... . steer clear .
 I am waiting for the 3rd shipment - the first two desk lamps were broken in shipping . The lamp looks nice and it was a Christmas gift that has not yet been used . Perhaps it will work great if I can get one delivered that is n't broken . Packaging was poor at best .
 ... but do n't believe it ! I received this as an XMAS present and was sorely disappointed . It simply does not put out anything close to the claimed luminosity . On another nearby desk I have a 50W halogen light that 's easily twice as bright . Checked the bulb and it indeed was labeled as 100W . Do n't know what the reason is ... power supply ... bad design ? Regardless ... get ready for something more like 25W ... I sent mine back .
 Finish is cheap looking , weighs a ton , packaged poorly , main wood leg was split on arrival . Really wanted a classy looking wood high step ladder . Disappointed .
 Cosco Rockford 11255MGY1 Wood Step Stool , 3-Step , MahoganyUnfortunately not a great product . It did not fail in living up to all the stereotypical shortcomings of Chinese-made . The hardware was flimsy and in the one delivered to me there was an assembly mistake which led to a failure in its structure . One of the steps actually sagged from the detached metal subassembly . The wood is not a Mahogany that I 've ever seen . Even the poorly applied stain -LRB- dark brown -RRB- belies its `` mahogany '' description . Most of it is held together by gusset plating ; not the most desirable for many reasons . One thing I must say is that Amazon stands behind their products because there was no trouble in returning this item even from Canada where I reside .
 The ladder arrived horribly damaged in three different spots on the top handle . It was cracked so bad in the center of the top beam that I could actually see through the crack ! It was also cracked on the right and left side of the top handle . There was no padding inside the box , so that explains it . I ordered this for Christmas for my very short mother to use in her kitchen and I was so excited to find a stepladder for her kitchen that was n't metal . Besides the cracks , the product just looks cheaply made . Through the cracks I could see that the wood is n't solid -- it 's particle . I 've read a couple other reviews on this product about shipping damages over the years and I guess the company chooses to ignore that . What a disappointment !
 Right out of the box , the stool we received had a large gouge out of the wood on the lower step . Also , after minimal use , we could no longer get it to collapse properly . We 'll be returning it right away and buying another stool elsewhere .
 The ladder is heavy and sturdy , but I expected the I high quality finish and it was OK .
 The item is fabulous . Looks great . However there are scratches all over this item and wood pieces missing . Had to find wood stain to cover . So extra cost . Did not send back because lets be real that is more work than worth it which is sad . I work hard for my money , I expect what I buy to be in mint condition . And you can not blame the shipping company , the scratches are in weird areas that I doubt were done by shipping . Sorry wo n't be buying from this company again .
 The above item arrived with the pkg in rather bad shape . The weight of the item made the pkg heavy and it should have been over wrapped . The step stool was not at the quality described in the many online reviews at your site I looked at before ordering . It is very poor quality with poor wood used in the construction . Planer skips , chips and poorly glued pcs of wood were just stained over inexpertly . I 've ordered many items from Amazon and this is the first time I 've ever received an item of such poor quality .
 I had read reviews stating that it was heavy but ordered anyway . They were right , it is too heavy for folding and unfolding for use in the kitchen . Might be ok to leave in the closet . Brown stain was a little too red for my tastes too . Built well but not what I was looking for .
 I relied on the description below -LRB- 7.9 pounds -RRB- , thinking this was not the heavy version reported in other reviews , but product actually weighs more than 20 lbs , making it very impractical for my use . Manufacturer should correct this discrepancy.Product Dimensions
 My kitchen cabinets go up to 102 '' . I thought this would be perfect to have an attractive step ladder to keep close by . The 1st one sent was cracked in shipping , but Amazon 's good customer service took it back and sent a new one . The second one looked okay , but broke after 4 uses . -LRB- and I am not a heavy person -RRB- I can not return it because it is past it 's return date . I can not fix it because of the way it is manufactured . Stuck with a $ 80 piece of garbage . Do not buy this .
 looked like it had been returned once . brackets are riveted and can not be tightened . rod that holds step slips out of bracket.so far we set plants on steps but do not use it to stand on.i would try another brand if i could start over .
 I ordered this ladder originaly becuase of it 's appearance . When it arrived the handle was shattered in shipping . The system of correspondence with the vendor was time comsuming and cumbersome , It took me over a week to get a return authorization , and then I had to pay to return the ladder myself ! After complaining they did refund the cost of shipping . I ordered a replacement , and it also came cracked . Again the cumbersome process of communication . This time they did pay for the return of the product . I did not order another one . Too much hassle .
 I bought this step ladder to go in my brand new $ 50,000 kitchen . It looked beautiful in the photos and the wood color mated my floors perfectly . HOWEVER , when it arrived and I took it out of the box , the entire , and I mean entire , underside is covered with stickers , labels , warnings , and in three languages to boot . The bad part is that when the ladder is set up and unfolded , the stickers on the underside are visible through the slats on the steps . It looks more like a step stool that should be in a garage than my new kitchen . I spent two hors pealing , applying Goof off and then staining the underside to make this ladder work.It is sturdy , but had I know the amount of work required to remove all those stickers , I would have not bought it.The manufacturers sure did try to cover all their legal bases on this small step stool .
 Heavy and does not close . Looks nice but the metal ones work a lot better .
 The ladder itself is well made and put together in a sold manner . The packing and shipping however is unsatisfactory . I ordered one ladder and had to return it due to damage because of inadequate packaging . While Amazon.com and the seller did a great job in immediately sending me a replacement , it too , also arrived damaged although to a much lesser degree . If the packaging of the product can not better protect the ladder , I do not recommend buying this product online and would invest the time to find a local retailer that carries it .
 This step stool was decent quality . I looks nice new , but the materials will clearly show early signs of wear and tear ... that much I expected when I bought it . Unfortunately , the shape does n't work for my purposes ; I wanted a stool that would allow my toddler to wash his hands at the sink . The angle of the backside and upper handle keep him a few inches away from the counter and do n't allow him to reach the water . So I wanted to return it.This product was sold and shipped from V&M ; Innovations , not Amazon directly . V&M ; Innovations charges as 25 % restocking fee , and the return shipping for which I 'm responsible is another 25 % of the original purchase price . So , I would only get back half of what I paid . Are you kidding me ? That 's terrible .
 Received the stool today and it is just fine except for one crucial thing ... it is as black as can be , not the mahogany/cherry color pictured and noted in all the reviews I read . So it will have to go back . I might try again to see if it was a one-time mistake as the stool is nice but what a pain .
 This could be a great product for the right use . As a kitchen ladder it is just big , bulky and heavy . I chose the three step because I wanted to reach the top cabinets . Maybe the two step would have been better for that use . It is an nice looking product -- just did n't suit my needs .
 Yes , this Step Stool works . Yes , it is wood with a mahogany stain . No , it does not have silver colored rivets . We wanted the `` stainless '' style rivets . Also , the packaging allowed the vertical rail to get dented in transit .
 I wanted a small , powerful vac that would be used solely for cleaning my rabbit cage ... shavings and hay clean-up mostly ... . so I would n't wear out our house vacuum . This clogged minutes after I started using it . I am going to return it tomorrow , clog and all back to the store I bought it from . I will agree with a previous reviewer that the point where the hose connects to the canister is a significant defect as it makes it difficult for larger items to enter . However , if you are looking for a mini-vac for small jobs , like cleaning your car , I can see where this may come in handy .
 The suction on this little shop vac is not very strong , even when it 's running properly . Worse , the one big flaw in this vac is that it tips over easily if you happen to set it on the floor . Once it has tipped over , the suction ceases entirely , and the only thing that works to get it going again is to turn it off , take off the top , and put the top back on , again . Very , very inconvenient . Surely there has got to be a small , portable shop vac that works better than this one . If it were only more stable when you set it down , it would not be such a problem because it would not be tipping over all the time . I would not purchase this vac again .
 The shop vac was way over priced and did n't realize it until I received it . . I order it during the Christmas rushAlso I received two orders of 3 vacs . After explaining to `` Unbeatable sales '' I only ordered 3 vacs not 6 they did n't credit my account the proper amount of $ 162.00 They credited me $ 130 . I also paid 19.00 to ship it back to them.They would not prepay the shipping.Not happy .
 Space is an issue for me . So is cleanliness . Why does this vac stink ? Because the motor is less than an inch from the walls of the dirt canister . If you 've used a shop vac & know how dirt packs to the filter , you may as well empty it on your floor & vac it all back up again . Putting the entire vac in the trash receptacle , then removing the top is the cleanest you can get with this . The hose does n't unscrew ; it slides between the top & bottom.The side tabs that lock are very tight ; so tight that one snapped off , so I could n't send it back . If you want a REALLY good small shop vac , go with the All Around . It may * seem * expensive , but when you get this vac , you 'll kick yourself . A dustbuster would be better/easier . Sorry ShopVac - you failed with this pain in the butt .
 Do n't let the name fool you , this is not a miniature version of the larger shop vacs . Yes , it is powerful , but it creates more of a mess emptying it than I 've ever used it to clean up . The entrance of the hose on the inside is also about 1/2 inch from the filter , try cleaning up anything longer than 1/2 and it clogs ... . I was trying to use it to suction up the little bit of hay that escapes from my rabbits cage and it is perfectly useless for this . The attachment on my regular vacuum works much better . If it had n't been a gift , I 'd have returned it after the first use . As it is , its sitting unused in my closet .
 I owned one of these for about a week . The tank falls off easily , as will all Shop Vac products ; the hose has to be glued on , and all the plastic cheapness is not worth the decent motor and suction . Filters cost a fortune for this tiny nothing .
 I would agree for the most part with the above reviews . However , i 'm not sure how much wire -LRB- Romex -RRB- everyone is using on this . This spinner lasted about 4 weeks for my crew wiring apartments . I would say 20,000 ' feet is when this spinner breaks down and you find yourself back at building your own out of 2x4 's . But hey , for 50.00 and limited use , I could see it lasting for years . For extended use , the foldable stud mounted spinners are far superior . Easier to move through stud bays to other rooms . This model wont break down small enough to fit through a standard stud bay .
 These lamps are poorly constructed with very cheap materials . Do not waste your money . I bought two and it is the same story with both . The caps wo n't even screw down onto the glass oil reservoir .
 THE OIL LAMP LOOKED BETTER IN THE ADD !! CHEESEY CONSTRUCTION CHEAP MATERIALS . SAVE YOUR MONEY MAYBE I ` AM EXPECTING TOO MUCH FOR $ 20.00 A LAMP ?
 I ordered two Glo Brite Oil Lamps , one green and one blue . The green base is transparent , as seen in the photo . The blue is nearly opaque , unlike the photo . Unfortunately , the blue font is not as attractive as the green .
 Picture shows better lighting then there actually is -- the light bulbs are really small and do not put out that kind of light . Also , it would n't fit tightly around our umbrella pole -- which is a standard one . I 'd avoid this and look for something that puts out more light .
 First , the lamp looks nothing like the picture . The picture shows a white shade with a subtle brass-colored lamp body , right ? I got light brown shades -LRB- hayseed brown ? -RRB- and a cheesy bright-yellowish brass-colored lamp.Second , the lamp was missing the filial and loop for attaching the shade.Third , no paperwork with the lamp.Fourth , try to get hold of the company that sells these , Buying Partners LLC . Go ahead , give it a try . No one answers their main phone . You get a recording about the `` high volume of calls '' they receive . For customer service , press 1 . You get a lady 's voice mail about being `` away from her desk at the moment . `` You do n't suppose this is a fly-by-night outfit , do you ? I 'm not so sure .
 So after a year it started to chirp . The instructions state that this means the battery is weak . Additionally you 're supposed to use compressed air to blow or a vacuum to suck out dust , as I know that moisture captured in dust particles can cause malfunction . So I cleaned it & changed the battery . It was fine for a few days then it started to chirp again . I used the vacuum again . Then one day later `` chirp . '' By this time I had had enough since it would especially wait until I was fast asleep before it would start chirping . I tested the battery with a multimeter . Both the new one and the old one were good . I bought a new battery for nothing . I never had the opportunity to test it in real smoke , but I never will since I got rid of it .
 This product was defective when I received it . The holes drilled in the fan blades were too big for the screws which attach the blades to the brackets . The company 's solution was to send me rubber `` grommets '' to fit in the fan blade holes to make them smaller . Unfortunately the grommets are too big for the holes and I can not insert them . I have yet to be able to assemble the fan completely , although the motor looks attractive on the ceiling without the fan blades -LRB- not -RRB- ! The problem has yet to be resolved . Anyway , what would happen in five years when the rubber grommets deteriorate and the screws pull loose sending the fan blades flying ?
 I guess I should have read what 's included a little closer . Yes , 205 pieces . 30 of those are small plastic cable ties . Item was also shipped with an important piece missing , the adapter for the ratchet to allow use of the smaller sockets . Called the seller and was promised a call back that never came . Fortunately had a similar piece from an older tool set I had otherwise this would have been even more worthless .
 Even at $ 31 delivered you are only getting poor quality tools in a cool little package . These tools are truly best for those who would have no tools otherwise . I purchased the 40 piece set at $ 9 in order to check out the quality ; it seamed to good to be true ... it was .
 The storage chest is crap . The tools themselves are low quality and poorly measured -LRB- for fit to the job -RRB- . 1/2 '' maybe 1/2 or a little more , or a little less . The storage chest is held shut by a vertical plastic bar that can easily be lost or broken . I like the way each tool has its own place . Not too bad for backup to your backups
 This set is very cheap and all of the tools are breaking . This was a xmas present for my husband .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas . When he opened it he had to pull a stick out to unlock it , then non of the drawers would open . All of then were stuck . The handle on the top breaks every time you pick it up ! The worst product I have ever bought off amazon ! If you want something durable go somewhere else ! Defiantly not happy with my purchase !
 i never got my item and i wish a refund its been nearly 3 weeks i want a refund i already bought hwat i needed because it took way to long and i have still yet to receive it
 This thing is full of a bunch of useless tools that no average around-the-house type guy would use for anything . The box itself is cheap and the drawers are hard to open . I do n't even think it comes with a screwdriver . Do n't get this ... beware !
 Everything about this is low cost , low quality . It is not a bad deal but next time I will gladly spend more to get more .
 I do n't recomend this for anyone except maybe a kid . As soon as it arrived we went to open it and the drawer front fell off . It was a gift so we went to the store and bought some decent tools to add to it and my daughter just told me the other day that when her husband went to open it for the first time the trim on the drawer fell off . Extrememly cheap .
 Really cheap tools that you 'd expect to find at a bargain/dollar store . Spend more money and get something better . Even the box it comes in , seems cheaper than the picture .
 I thought the tool box was a very poor quality . Tools were ok . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I bought this as a gift for my brother . He sent me a picture of a gash on his finger caused by a razor blade sticking out . It was n't properly secured and was moving about the box -LRB- possibly due to shipping -RRB- . Still , it is unacceptable that razor blades are not properly secured and cause someone to cut himself on first use.Also , 205 pieces applies to individual razor blades and zip ties . The value is not what it seems .
 I could n't expect much for what I paid , but I think the packaging was the biggest problem here . I was n't expecting a high quality tool set , just something with some basics that the family could keep all in one place . The chest arrived damaged , I 've gotten it back to useable , but the rod to keep the drawers held in still wo n't line up.Didn ' t think it was worth sending back - we 'll make it work .
 Unusual for Amazon ... but much cheaper at HomeDept - & 39.97 and at Walmart - $ 44
 Several years ago , my wife bought me two different Lionel train lamps at a local Lowes store -LRB- way cheaper than what is listed here -RRB- . After a short while -LRB- less than a year -RRB- , nothing worked on either lamp ~ neither the light nor the operating train . Made of pure , cheap plastic with parts that probably burn through -LRB- I purposely used low wattage lights to make sure the lamps did n't overheat but they still burned out WAY TOO SOON -RRB- . BUYER BEWARE unless you have the tools and know-how to carefully break open plastic components & rewire/replace with lamp parts that will actually last . This is not a knock against these Amazon sellers ; the product itself looks sharp but is poorly contructed due to cheap , electrical parts .
 Despite the fact that this lamp looks solid and classic -LRB- looks like a real wooden base in the photo with a glass shade -RRB- , it is actually 100 % plastic . We have had it for 7 months and I would not buy it again , nor would I recommend it to anyone with children . The lamp makes a low crackling sound for several minutes after we shut it off , like it settling down after getting too hot -LRB- though the bulb we use is the wattage specified by the manufacturer -RRB- . I never feel very safe when this thing is on , and certainly wo n't ever leave it unattended or on for too long . Cheap plastic construction .
 Twice we 've had a house full of smoke and these detectors NEVER went off . And I 'm talking get on the floor smokey . I 'm replacing them today .
 This is one MONTH later and I still do n't have it installed.Specialized clamps needed.NOT included.NOT provided so far.NOBODY CARES -- NO ONE WILL HELP -- DO N'T BUY THIS OVER-PRICED CRAP .
 I ordered two of these tapes . The title says `` A '' end . I continue looking , to see what my other end options are . I could n't find anything . So , I went by the picture , which shows the end I wanted . Turns out , the end in the picture is a `` B '' end . And the numbers start out about 6 inches from the end . In the picture , the numbers start out at the end . I looked on the back of the box . It very clearly shows a picture of both , the `` A '' and `` B '' ends . Why ca n't they do this on the web site . For misleading the public , I give them one star . I would have to say 4 stars for quality .
 I bought this Energizer Spotlight as a gift for a professional friend.I wanted to keep the cost down and this light was 1/2 the cost of the Cyclops CYC-9WS . I 'm always on the lookout for the next best thing in LED.This is n't it.I purchased a Cyclops CYC-9WS Thor-by-Sirius 9-Watt Rechargeable LED Spotlight last summer for myself.The Cyclops Thor-by-Sirius 9W rechargeable handheld spotlight features three 3-watt Luxeon high-power LEDs for long range and six standard Nichia LEDs for immediate area use . Three-hour burn time on high power . Cyclops has consistently been the leader in bringing newly engineered lighting instruments to the outdoor market.Now this light I love , The Energizer is wimpy compared to it.The Energizer model uses C throw away batteries , has only 1 LED bulb.The old saying you get what you pay for rules here.Do yourself a favor and spend a little more for the Cyclops .
 This was my first time painting in the house and I bought this roller cover . It soaks good and covers well , but the worst part is that it leaves particles behind on the wall . When the paint dried , I could see so many * fabrics * from the roller were left on the wall that had dried up in the paint . I will have to do the whole wall again .
 I would not purchase this Moen product again . After reaching out to Moen , I learned that this product has been discontinued by Moen . Therefore , where ever you purchase this product , you will be purchasing old stock , and most likely a dried out charcoal filter that you will not be able to tell whether it is new , usable or just a throwaway . Although the product arrived sealed in plastic , there is no way to know if it is still viable.To have spent almost $ 50.00 for this product , was sinful . When I sent my note of dissatisfaction from the place I purchased on Amazon , I was told to call Moen . Yes , what an offer to help . Keep my $ 50.00 plus for an old filter . I will never purchase this item again .
 The price of the filter was reasonable . However , UPS tacked on $ 20 COD.I basically had to pay twice as much for this filter .
 If you want to use a pencil to write on these forget it . A marker works well but you can erase the marker to reuse the stake . So , if you plant the same thing and want to always have the same labels makers work well . For writing with a pencil to erase and reuse , do n't buy these .
 At first glance , this looks like a nice design , however , it has two significant flaws that can be annoying and can make it unsuitable for many applications.The design
 When i received this item , I opened the box to find that it was dammaged.It had been nicked and bent . Note the box had no damaged at all.Who ever packed it had to see that it was Dammaged.I too pictures of it.When i was going to return it cost me more money . And it was my fault.I still have it And can not use it.Strickly the companys fault not mine .
 My husband was very disappointed with this item . The photo of the package shows that the vise grips were made in USA , but the ones he received are not . The quality is nothing like the one that were once made in the USA . It seems USA made vise grips are impossible to get anymore . He thought he found some of the last remaining ones . These are loose at the connection which prevents a good hold on an object . They are not worth the price .
 Same experience as the other review
 it works but do n't recommend . . you have to shake it for 5 minutes at least to get a second of light ...
 I bought a life-time warranty Moen kitchen faucet about 10 years ago . Within a couple of years the calls to Moen service started . An unending stream of problems with that faucet , none related to each other except for being part of the same Moen faucet . The chrome peeled off the plastic shroud just below the handle . The spring in the soap dispenser collapsed to a small fraction of its former capability . The chrome nozzle on the soap dispenser discolored . The same nozzle eventually just fell out . The hand soap in the dispenser eventually came out brown because of the pump mechanism rusting inside . The plastic sprayer handle simply snapped off one day . The chromed plastic cap on the top of the handle where it connects to the rest of the faucet simply fell off because a tab on the underside apparently cracked . The faucet started squealing when moving the lever , so the cartridge had to be replaced . Naturally , all these problems would n't be complete without water leakage issues on occasion . So far no problem getting replacement parts though . We call Moen up , tell them what 's wrong , they 're not at all surprised , and they send new parts . We go without whatever functionality is missing for a week -LRB- eg . no water in the kitchen -RRB- , the parts arrive , and I repair it yet again . It is repair-the-Moen-faucet week again in our household , but this time in dismantling the faucet , the head of the screw that holds the lever on just twisted right off like it was made of butter . So , tomorrow we call again for yet another replacement part because the screw shaft could not be removed . It 's obvious by looking at it that Moen designed in a screw that was far too small for the application . Lucky thing it 's covered by a life-time warranty , right ? Do not be fooled , `` life-time warranty '' does not mean you 're getting quality because you wo n't be getting quality at all . All it means is that their margins are so incredibly high that they can afford to keep sending out replacement parts to the persistent few who do n't just toss out the faucet and buy a whole new one . My advice ? Stay away from Moen products , whether they have life-time warranties or not . The aggravation is n't worth it . I have friends with Moen fixtures who tell me they have very similar problems . I wish I could point you to a better brand , but I have n't figured that out yet . I know what I wo n't be buying ever again - Moen .
 I 'm with the last review , except I 'm one of the idiots who throws them out and buys another . Every Moen faucet I 've bought lasts about 18 months and then fails . Nothing but junk . I 'm on my fourth one now . One was the diverter valve to the sprayer , another the mechanism that operates the cartridge -LRB- on Christmas day no less -RRB- and another began leaking at the base of the faucet . I 've just got my latest Moen 87434 faucet and guess what ? Moen , for whatever reason , has changed the design of the connections to the household plumbing supply ... same part number but not at all compatible with the previous product . So much for just throwing one out and throwing another in this time .
 I had some of these that lasted for about a year , which is great , but these `` Terry Toppers '' brand fell apart after 2-3 washes . The edges unravel and the snaps fell out of about 6 of them . Poor quality .
 It came OK and the thermostat light lit up but my pipes still frooze . I 'm overseas and do n't have postal return .
 Installed -- not working properly . Going to return . To be fair I purchased similar product that is working as it should .
 The illumination is the same as a regular DD battery flashlight . The product is awkward to handle and heavy due to battery . The only positive remark is the ability to stand the flashlight on level ground , as shown in the photo . Did not have to purchase the battery and charger as I own other Bosch portable handtools . Best to pass on the purchase of this flashlight .
 This thing lasted about a month . I kicked it over once , the bulb died . This light takes a special bulb , the bulb replacement almost wasnt worth it . It throws very little light , I just ended up using my headlamp most of the time anyway . The headlamp is always pointed where you 're looking . This thing is not bright enough to just set it down and light up an area .
 Bought the compressor/nail gun combo . As in the previous review , oil had leaked everywhere , The drain valve was broken and the pressure guages bent . Got it cleaned up and put in new oil . The compressor worked for ~ 8 hours and failed - wo n't even come on ! The gun seemed to work well , but ca n't use now . Do n't waste your time and money on this - you will be dissapointed when you need it to work and it fails !!
 I ordered this compressor and framing nailer for a shop I was building . I chose the free shipping because I had about 10 days before I was to begin construction . A few days later it had not shipped , so I went to the shipping options to see what it would cost for 3 day . It was ~ $ 50 so I opted to stay with the free shipping . However , the web site interpreted my inquiry as a shipping change and rolled back my shipping date to 7-10 days from that date . Finally the box arrived-late-I had to borrow some air tools . The first thing I noticed is that it appeared wet . The compressor had no oil in it . It had obviously been turned on it 's side and it leaked out over everything-compressor and nailgun . The breaker switch was hanging out of the housing and the drain stopcock appeared bent . In some defense of UPS , there were no ` This side up ' or ` Handle With Care ' stickers on the box . I went to the Amazon site and asked for a replacement which they sent overnight delivery . This time using FedEx . The box was delivered when I was not home . I found it lying on it 's side , wet with oil again . This time both gauges were smashed , one broken completely off . Bostich was generous enough to send new gauges free of charge . I installed them , replaced the oil and plugged it in only to get a motor hum that quickly kicked off the breaker . I found a broken wire to the switch . I replaced the connector only to discover another broken wire which I could not reach without disassembling the entire switch . Too much damage . I am waiting for this one to be picked up , and none are left in stock at Amazon . Unfortunately , I never had the opportunity to use this item . I informed Amazon and FedEx of the shipping problems . They dutifully took the information , but no one seems too concerned . The airgun I borrowed was a Bostich , and it worked extremely well . I will be buying these items elsewhere .
 I am a remodeling contractor and have used Bosch for over 10 yrs . I 've been -LRB- at least -RRB- satisfied , and mostly very happy , with every tool -LRB- I own about 8 -RRB- . I have a couple of tools on the 14.4 volt platform so I purchased the flashlight about 6 months ago.I have not broken it , but the flashlight seems flimsy in your hand without the battery . The switch works well . The swivel head is somewhat useful but difficult to aim . The light is fairly bright , but in the first 3 months I burned out both bulbs that came with it . It would be useful if the light could be focused from spot to flood.For me , the measure of a good tool really comes down to whether or not you find yourself reaching for it when you need it . Although I find that it still gets dark here on a daily basis , I set this one aside about 3 months ago . I am considering the DeWalt fluorescent worklight . I really wish Bosch would add a tough , bright fluorescent to the offering . I 'd try that in a heartbeat .
 Bulb not received by Christmas . Also when it finally did come , it only lasted a week before blowing out . What a waste of money !
 I received my mailbox and noticed it was not worth the money I spent on it . It is made of very cheap material and by just handling it wrong you can put dents in it . The bottom magazine rack handles do not stay on properly . I will never buy from this company again .
 This item was not really like a tarp at all , it is more like mesh . Also it did not come with rope or clips . Not satisfied at all .
 First off , the hat I received is not as pictured on Amazon . The lights are underneath the bill of the hat , about half way between the front edge and the headband . The picture on Amazon 's web site shows the lights on the front edge of the bill . This did n't seem to be an issue when I received the hat but when I used it I found out that this change is not desirable . The reason is because the underside of the bill illuminates slightly , creating a glair and makes it harder to see . Other than this , the hat is great for jogging in the dark . It creates just enough light to see where you 're stepping while the bill of the hat can block light from oncoming cars . The battery life must be incredible . When I opened the package , the light was on from at least the day before ! If the lights were on the front edge of the bill , this hat would be perfect ! Oh well , maybe I can return it . : -LRB-
 Price is too good to be true.Worked fine , but busted after two hours.It is impossible to repair.Don ' t buy .
 This is the second set of these HK Porter cable cutters I 've owned , just bought through Amazon this week . The first set , bought maybe 20 or 30 years ago worked well.Two points . First , the tool is now made in China , with a somewhat poorer fit and finish . Still , it looked usable ... Second point , looks are deceiving . It would n't cut 9/64 '' braided cable -LRB- just above 1/8 '' and well below the stated 3/16 '' capacity -RRB- . All it did was gnaw at the strands . Even if I had the patience to gnaw my way through , the wires were separating and a clean cut would be impossible.Perhaps some get a tool that works or are using it on softer cable . I did n't ; and ca n't recommend this tool as currently manufactured .
 Was advertised to cut 3/16-inch wire rope/cable . Will not cut 3/16-inch wire rope/cable . I 'm returning the product .
 Once you take the bottom off you can not put it back on . Useless and stupid . It 's glued at the bottom , what am I supposed to do crazy glue it every time I put something in it .
 Three feet away from heater and you might as well be outside . Does not heat a whole room , even a moderately sized room . If you live in a cool climate , perhaps it take the edge off , but for those of us in the extreme north , it is not effective . I recommend a tiny heater by Duraflame . The room it heats is larger than where we have the DeLonghi and it actually works !
 Very dis-satisfid . Takes forever to notice any heat difference . Forever = 's 3 hours . Also smells like hot oil which is unpleasant !!
 Over the last couple years , I 've purchased this item through Amazon ... for myself and as gifts -LRB- 3 or 4 in all -RRB- . I decided to purchase a second one for myself to put in another room . The Amazon box was perfectly fine when it arrived . However , the product box -LRB- as you can see in the photos -RRB- had obviously been damaged -LRB- punctured , dented -RRB- and opened before -LRB- parts of packaging ripped off -RRB- and then patched up with tape before it was shipped ! When I opened the original box , I found the heater to be warped on one end , with the paint chipped . There was also a dent -LRB- not shown -RRB- in the metal on the front of the heater below the controls . Having ordered this product before , I KNOW that there was originally protective styrofoam packaging inside the box , where the heater nestled safely . All packing material inside the box was MISSING in this case , except for a piece of 12 inch bubble wrap sitting on top of the heater inside the box . I did not bother to test the heater and promptly requested a refund and pickup . When I order and pay for an item from Amazon in new condition , I expect it to BE in new condition -- not previously opened and not damaged and with anything missing . Otherwise , I would have gotten it from the Marketplace or from Craigslist !
 This product worked great last winter . I wish it had a more accurate digital thermostat , but I was very pleased with its performance , quiet , unobtrusiveness , etc. . I rolled it into a corner for the warmer months and when I rolled it back out and plugged it in this winter the thermostat no longer seems to be working -LRB- room gets very hot -RRB- , the ComforTemp button no longer lights up , and when I turn on the high heat the machine sparks internally and the second button does not always illuminate either.I have not yet contacted the manufacturer , but I am pessimistic because the warranty is for only one year .
 I have an older DeLongi that is still working as a garage heater after 10 + years . It is less efficient now so I decided to replace it this year . Unfortunately I ca n't find anything close to it 's quality . I ordered this one but noticed that the cord was damaged by a piece of plastic mounted over it . I never plugged it in but sent it straight back . Safety is my primary concern and an obviously damaged cord should never have made it past quality control .
 The third time I used this heater the comfortemp button stuck and will not turn off . The design is such that you have to hold the unit to even push it and get burned . This is a poor design and I would not recommend this especially to homes with kids as it gets too hot to touch , even to operate the switches . It does heat a space but with a broken switch I do n't think it is safe . I have to pay for return postage for service and so is not worth it since there is no service center near me and postage is a lot . I see how this company makes a profit by selling stuff that is too expensice to return for service . Do n't buy this .
 I have owned a similar DeLonghi heater for 14 years which has been fantastic , so I decided to purchase a new one which I planned to use in my home office . I have had the 7707 for about two weeks now , and I have decided I will be returning it . It functions just as good as the older heater , but it gives off this very potent oil type smell . Being that I work in my home office all day , and not knowing what is causing this smell , I am choosing not to be breathing this all day in an enclosed area . When I first turned it I did n't think much of as I thought it was just an oil coating or something on the heater which would burn off after a day or so , which is why I have kept it for two weeks , but it us still just as strong and the smell is not limited to my home office.Very disappointed .
 I 've run the unit for 2 days straight and it still emits a really bad smell . I even tried running it outside for several hours but whatever fumes are coming from the unit are making me sick . The other reviews seem overly positive so maybe I just received a defective unit but I 'm going to return this and try something else.If the smell was n't an issue this heater would be perfect . The heat it puts out in great and the design is really nice too .
 I was looking to purchase a silent/simple space heater to keep my bedroom toasty at night in my 14 x 12 bedroom . I thought this heater would do the trick after reading SO many positive reviews on amazon , but this simply was n't the case . The heater arrived and I excitedly opened the package and began to heat my frigid bedroom . The other reviewers that mentioned the smell were right on , the thing stinks for several hours so I left it in the basement to burn off whatever chemical -LRB- s -RRB- it was treated with . After it passed the smell test , I put it in my bedroom and switched it on for the night . I 'm a somewhat sensitive sleeper , so I instantly noticed a high pitched `` buzz '' coming from the heater that was slightly irritating . Also , when the heater is `` self-adjusting '' the temperature , it will continually make a loud click -LRB- sometimes multiple clicks within a period of a few minutes -RRB- . The sound was loud enough to warrant a startle reaction . Last night , on the low setting , I was awakened by a loud buzz from the heater . I awoke , turned off the heater , and today it 's being sent back to amazon . I will try a different brand . It earned one star because it did heat the room , but lost 4 stars due to the rickety performance .
 I received it in operating condition . No problem there . But after running full-tilt all night with both switches and the comfort button switched on and the `` thermostat '' dial at max , a thermometer 6 feet from the heater only got up to 66 degrees . At 12 ' -LRB- the far end of the 10 ' x 12 ' room -RRB- it was 63 . Returned it .
 This heater worked fine for about 3 months and then just stopped working - no indication as to the problem - it just stopped working at all - a waste of money if you are looking for something reliable for the long term . I 've had similar heaters for more than 15 years that are still operating fine - this `` ComforTemo Technology '' is not highly reliable .
 I was excited about this heater when I saw it , it reminded me of those furnace heaters in older homes that is what you call a heater , this is not . I bought mine from Lowe 's but it is s DeLonghi same as this with no obvious differences I can see or read about . It was wonderful in a small bathroom on it 's first trial where you have to leave it on for a bit for the first time . But it was also in November -LRB- last year -RRB- in Maryland and temperatures had n't start dropping under 60 degrees yet.I always think it depends on how cool you keep your place by choice and still feel comfortable however I need warmth.I know a lot of people are comfortable with temperatures I could n't take in winter . But back to the heater . It does n't have a fan so the heat only rises above the heater and pretty much disappears a couple of feet above it once it meets the colder temperature in the room.Forget about feeling any warmth from the front or back of it , it simply does n't happen . It 's quiet but that 's the only positive thing I can say for it and depending on the one you 're looking it they can also be more expensive than other style of heaters that work much better . They also eat a lot of power , I have a very small place but I made the mistake of getting 2 and turning on the second one would cause me to trip the breaker without fail . I could n't run 2 it took that much power for so little ability to warm my place.It is simply not worth it . I recently bought a Tower , electric oscillating heater here at Amazon , by Lakso , it was a cheap one only $ 44 but it has the fan power to push some heat into the room , and it is very toasty and quiet . It is also a good looking product . Do n't waste your money on this Portabale oil filled radiator .
 I love this heater it warms like a charm , better than ceramic heaters . Unfortunately I would not buy this brand again because of the cheap wheel system . I accidently bumped one when moving it and the wheel broke . Other manufacturers have more sturdy wheels and have wings nuts you screw them on with . Then if you are moving you can remove the wheels so you can move it without breaking the wheels .
 This worked pretty well the first month I had it . It did not do as good a job heating a room as older portable radiators I have , but did a good enough job on the highest setting.Now , a little over a month later , it only seems to work on the highest setting - the coils do n't even get warm on the lower settings.Too expensive to even consider shipping back.Please do n't waste your time with this model .
 I have a Honeywell oil filled heater that works great . This one unfortunetly seems to produce only about half the heat for the same amount of power . I can not recommend this heater for anyone when there are better ones out there .
 Unstable on carpet ... Very hot to the touch ... making it difficult to move in another direction ... Heat output very poor ... Too expensive to ship it back ... Would not recommend to a friend ...
 I 've tried to use this heater twice now , and both nights it just popped and made loud noises as it turned on throughou the night . I 'm extremely tired right now . The worst part is that I boiught this item twice . The first time I bought it , it was great . I loved it . It was perfect . I gave it to my sister because my new apartment had central heat . But then I moved in and found out that heater was very loud . So I bought a new one of these , and the thing pops and makes very very loud noises . Why is the same exact model so much louder than the last one I bought ???????
 This is a heater that would be good if you have the space and time to leave it on all the time . It does not heat up a room quickly and it 's not supposed to . It is meant to be left on to cycle on and off to keep the room at a steady temperature . I will not leave a portable heated on when I am not home , so this did not work for me .
 I bought this heater 3 weeks ago and thought the smell would eventually go away . . I had heard that initially there was some off gassing and a '' smell '' problem '' frommany of the comments , but even after 3 weeks it still smells like burning paint on metal , and it reeks ... ! It gave me a cough for 3 weeks and I felt it was damaging the surface of my lungs , so I decided it was n't going to get much better and sent it back ...
 My husband told me to get an oil filled radiator last fall when our heat was out during the cold nights . We bought this one and it arrived fast . However , it did n't give off my heat unless you got right next to it . I was very disappointed that it barely worked , so I decided to return it . When I began packing everything up , I realized it had leaked oil all over the flood under it ! Very disappointed in this product and would never get another one.I did give it two stars though because the size was nice .
 I had one of these heaters for a few years and wanted to get a second one . I did not realize that this one does not have a timer , which is very convenient for cold mornings . I would discourage this heater over one with a timer . It also had a stinky smell for the first few times it got warm , definitely not that new car smell .
 Tried to heat up our living room by leaving the heater on overnight . It only made a difference of 2 degrees . Would not recommend this to anyone . We donated it to someone who needed to heat a small space . It would have cost too much to send back .
 We bought 7 of these to heat the rooms for our house and our kids houses and every single one of them broke after 21/2 months of use . The Radiator buttons work but the Comforter Temperature Button on every single on of them burned out after using them for a couple of months and that was the feature we purchased them for.First bad review I have ever written on a product in my life . After buying 7 and everyone of them doing the same thing I am very disappointed in this product . I could see 1 or maybe 2 burning out but not all 7 but they did . Buy a heater without the Comfort Temp Technology .
 I was so excited to get this heater . Once I received it ... disappointment hit . This heater becomes EXTREMELY hot ! I was trying to SLIGHTLY move it away from the wall , by the handle , and it burned my hand ! It was like laying my hand on a hot stove . VERY HOT ! As hot as the actual heater gets , it did not heat my room at all !! I would send it back , but it 's so heavy , the shipping costs would be unreal !! DO N'T waste your money on this heater !!
 This heater came out of the box with the control panel hanging off & bared wires . Makes me wonder about the quality of the manufacturers product & raises safety concerns about an item that is supposed to be left connected to a power supply . Needless to say I am returning for a refund .
 I bought three new space heaters at one time so I could see which one heats a room the best and then purchase more of that particular one to supplement my heating system . I 've now been using this DeLonghi radiator heater , theHoneywell HZ-617 Low Profile Silent Comfort Heater , and theLasko 755320 Ceramic Tower Heater with Digital Display and Remote Controlfor about a month.This DeLonghi puts out the least amount of heat of the three . Other than the heat output , this is a fine heater . There have been no mechanical problems , it 's quiet , and looks fine . It 's more compact than it appears in the photo . I would not recommend this over some of the other heaters out there .
 I admit that I purchased two of these units from Lowes last year on a close-out sale for only $ 29.99 each . But when one of the units started leaking oil after two months of use , the shipping cost to have it replaced or repaired by DeLonghi was $ 16.00 more than I had paid for the unit.So , I mixed up an epoxy compound , about $ 4.00 worth , and plugged the leak myself . It has not leaked since , but both of my Chinese manufactured units are of much lessor quality , and only have about 60 % to 70 % of the heating capability , when brand new , as my ten year old Canadian made unit that I bought at Home Depot for a full price of $ 39.95 . Both units , after only a total of about five months of light use are starting to fail when used to try warm up a small area of around 50 square feet .
 Possibly a defective product , but the thermostat cycled on and off LOUDLY even when the unit was not anywhere near the room temperature called for . No reason for this to have occurred and loud enough to wake me from my sleep .
 It seems unstable when trying to roll to different spot and gets so hot you ca n't touch it without wearing oven gloves . I have to be sure it is n't anyplace where my pets or grandchildren can touch it . It really burns things .
 ComforTemp Technology . Sounds like a great idea , assuming everyone thinks the same temperature is comfortable . But why would a manufacturer put a second thermostat in a heater ? Would n't that increase the price ? Answer
 I purchased this Delonghi EW7707CM heater about a month ago , but did n't need to use it until this past week . At first , it was great and heated up my 12x14 bedroom quite effectively . That is , it heated well until one of the two switches refused to activate after being switched on , leaving me with only the `` low '' setting working . I will not attempt to return the unit for service or replacement because the return postage is too expensive . I 'll put it out in next spring 's subdivision garage sale and hopefully get a few bucks back . I 'm going to buy a replacement space heater at Home Depot so at least it will be easier to return if it flakes out .
 It 's 5:30 AM and I 'm awake because of that intermittent series of ticking , popping , cracking sounds that several other reviewers have mentioned . Every ten minutes the unit makes several metallic pings or pops in rapid succession . The sounds are quite loud , e.g. , about the same volume as someone knocking on the door.It 's almost definitely the metal -- some part that is expanding or contracting with the temperature change.I 'm experimenting to see if the sound comes from one side or the other . -LRB- My unit has two radiator panels and you can turn them on and off independently . -RRB- So far , with the left panel off and the right panel on , it has stopped popping , but that may be because the right side has not reached its shut off point yet as it has to work harder to heat the room.If using just one side heats my bedroom adequately without popping , I may keep it . Otherwise , I 'm going to see if Amazon will accept return -LRB- before it 's too late -RRB- . I tried to reach Delonghi but it 's early Saturday morning and they are not open until Monday , and besides that , other reviewers on here have given Delonghi 's support poor marks
 This radiator worked well while it worked , but the biggest problem with these is that they do n't last . I 've bought several of these in the past and they did n't last more than a year or two . This one lasted just under one year . That is disappointing . I do n't think I will ever buy one again , as it is too expensive to keep replacing them every year , especially considering that it was only used in the winter months so it was n't even really used for a full year .
 I expected more out of a heater then what I received with this product . It does not heat up even a small area very well . I tried it in my living room which is about 350sq ft , but after five hours the temprature went down a degree . The living room is open off to the rest of the house so I assumed that the heat was drawn into the rest of the house . I moved it to my bedroom for bedtime , and shut the door . After a night of it running my bedroom was the same temprature as the rest of the house , and the heat was off in the entire house . The temprature has n't even dropped that low yet either . I feel that this will be no help when the real winter tempratures show up . I think the problem is the nine foot cellings in my house , and because there is so much air space that needs to be heated .
 If you have a problem with the unit , your life will become a nightmare . I have tried on and off for over a year to obtain a part for my Delonghi Dehumidifier . They do not sell parts to consumers , instead trying to get you to mail the heavy device to one of their repair centers usually very far away . Third-party parts people I have spoken with were specifically banned from selling the part to consumers , though Delonghi officially claims this is n't so . All in all , I think I have wasted over a day of my life trying to get a small , simple replacement part for my unit . I will never purchase a Delonghi product again . Do yourself a favor and buy a different brand .
 I have a rented apartment in an apartment building and I have homosexual that use the apartment beside it . Because homosexual bedroom is nearby my bedroom , homosexual that can not make implication of noises that i do especially in it . it I purchased this artifact because not make noise . it is no noise at any occasion . Since with homosexual not only the noise is the matter I have to change the artifact from the bedroom where is immobile scanning how to get gain from me . To avoid to deteriorate the plug connector i decided to leave in that bedroom alone . Homosexual that take my impression and that be other aspect and for what i speak of that impression if the seen aspect is other . Then is better to speak of that aspect , no ? For that in 30 hours with another very low heat get temperature for tissues
 This product will leak oil after months of usage . Maybe sooner than you think . When it leaks , you will feel the room is filled with fumes . Its product is not reliable any more .
 Like some other reviewers , I have owned several of these previously , and they have run fantastically , and for years . I noticed that this newer model was smaller and lighter in weight ... my first thought
 I was so excited to get this radiator but when I received it I noticed that it creates a spark inside when I turn it on or off . I was trying to return it but was told to call DeLonghi customer service , the phone number listed in the instructional booklet never seemed to work . Even though I think it is a manufacturing problem I was told I have to pay the shipping costs for it to be serviced in a service center -LRB- new radiator !! -RRB- . After I considered the cost of shipment of this quite a heavy piece I continuted using it , the spark went away but the heater seemed not to be able to warm up my baby 's room on a highest setting . After a month 's of use -LRB- nights only -RRB- our electrical bill was $ 150 higher than normal - it eats a lot of energy -LRB- 1500W -RRB- . I think I will buy a Seimens radiator now they seem to have proven product quality . Anyone wants mine for free ? I am throwing it away and I am not buying any DeLonghi products anymore .
 I have a trustworthy older Delonghi oil-filled radiator -LRB- model called Magnum -RRB- , so I had some expectations from this newer model.Apparently it fails on all important keys
 Only heated a radius of about 4 feet around the unit , and I had purchased it for a room that is more like 10x15 . I did n't expect to be able to get the room like a sauna , but it did a pitiful job . I went back to using a far smaller heater with a small fan that I was trying to replace . I do n't know if it was a problem with the unit , or with the settings that it had not being good enough ...
 I had great expectations for this heater after reading other reviews , but my wife and I were extremely disappointed when we got the heater and plugged it in . It heated our 200 square foot room nicely , but it gave off a strong odor that I thought smelled like `` hot metal '' and my wife desribed as `` hot oil . '' After talking to a friend who had a similar heater , and reading various reviews on the internet , we thought maybe it was a `` new '' smell that would burn off . In fact the manual states that there may be a smell that will burn off after about 2 hours . Other reviews we read were more pessimistic , stating the smell never burned off . We shared that latter experience . I put the heater out on a porch and kept in on for several days ... well over 30 hours . The smell never went away when the heater was on and even on the open porch we could smell it within from couple of feet away .
 I like the silent , steady heat provided by oil-filled radiators , but this particular model emits toxic fumes . The odor is somewhere between burnt rubber and paint remover . It irritates the back of my throat and the fumes predictably intensify with a higher heat setting . I 've been able to burn off most , but certainly not all , of the fumes by running it outside on the porch for four hours.Bought a similar -LRB- non-delonghi -RRB- heater at wally-world for thirty eight dollahs and have noticed no fumes from this cheapo model . It heats just as well and is every bit as Chinese as the delonghi . Perhaps it 's killing me with some undetectable electo-magnetic waves or something , but at least I do n't have a sore throat .
 I purchased this item to use in the bedroom we keep our kittens in during the day and during bed time as it gets very cold in there , to say the least I did not like this product ... Pros : Nothing I can think of.Cons : Cord gets very warm when on full power.even on low the unit is way too hot to touch.It smells pretty awful when operating , even after days of use.the wheels/legs are very flimsy.it really is not so good at warming up a room , a lasko ceramic heater fan warmed up our bedroom more in 15 minutes than this warmed it up after 2 hours .
 This little heater does not produce the amount of heat that we expected . we are trying to heat a room about 8 ` X10 ' , it take a long time for it to warm the room up . It has no fan or blower system of any kind , since it does not get real hot , it takes at least a couple hours to warm the room . It never gets real `` toasty '' warm in the room . I was disappointed , it works fine , but just seems to not have the power I thought it would .
 The unit that I got had a hernia . A red heater wire was sticking out of its gut . The wire was pinched between the side cover and the radiator fin . Luckily , the wire insulation did not break , otherwise the unit would have gone up in smoke . Surgery was successfully performed and the wayward wire was tucked back inside . The unit gets 1 star because of the possible fire and shock danger of the pinched wire . Note that the heater has been coated with an anti-rust chemical that gives off a nausiating smell until it burns off .
 even set the thermostat highest , it still tripped even room is cold . dont waste money on this flaw design
 We bought three of these heaters last year to augment our heat pump . My husband likes his just fine , but I am not as satisfied with mine.The problems I 've encountered :1 . The heaters take up a lot of floor space . You have to have some clearance around them to keep nearby items from catching fire and this takes up a lot of much-needed floor space .2 . The heater needs a ceiling fan moving or some other kind of air stirring to work to its best effect . I prefer a heater with a fan setting that will stir the air up instead of just a radiator .3 . The heater is slower than my smaller fan-based heater . If you 're really cold coming inside , this heater will not get you warm quickly.My husband , who is not as cold-natured as I am , uses his DeLonghi heater in the basement just fine . But if you want to get warm faster without having to have a fan on and take up a lot of floor space , you might look at a smaller fan-based heater .
 The product I received had to be returned because it was defective . This shows the carelessness the manufacturer shows in its quality control . Some would also conclude a great lack of respect for buyers . Comparable product sells in the local market for 55 % of what I paid -LRB- and was refunded -RRB- . If you consider the regular price asked for it , it would be about 45 % . Not a pretty picture overall .
 The oil filled radiator heater do not do what its claimed to do . I found that the heater did not get very warm . Therefore , the room that I was tryiong to heat never got warm .
 I bought two -LRB- 2 -RRB- DeLonghi EW7707CM Oil-Filled radiators . Both work fantastically-well , however one of them has started leaking - after less than a month of use.I e-mailed Delonghi , told them what the issue was and now they say I have to send the product to `` the nearest service center listed on our website under the customer service tab '' which is almost 400 miles from my house and I AS THE CUSTOMER have to pay for shipping to this far-flung service center.Ridiculous ! It would cost almost as much in shipping as I bought it for -LRB- $ 49.95 through amazon -RRB- because of the weight and size of the unit.Great product -LRB- when it is n't leaking oil -RRB- , very very poor warranty . Buy from a more reputable company !!!
 We purchased at the beginning of the year because the forced air heater we were using in our bedroom left me with headaches and a bloody nose and I was worried the same would happen to our newborn.Upon reading the good reviews of this unit I purchased it and it worked great for the rest of the winter and chilly spring nights . I constantly had to turn the unit down because it was really warming up the bedroom.But I just pulled it out for use about a month ago and it has failed to perform . I leave it on high all night and it still does not warm up the room . I have to run the other space heater along with it to warm up the room , then turn off the other heater before it gives me a headache . This goes on several times during the night.I wanted to return it since it is still under warranty but DeLonghi says I have to pay for shipping it ! This was a good heater , but it would be nice if it lasted longer then 11 months .
 I bought this heater at Kmart , but returned it . The thermostat would keep switching the unit off , even though the target temperature was not reached , and at the highest thermostat setting . I imagine the unit would have been more powerful had this not been the case . It was the clincher when my little bathroom heater - a Holmes ceramic oscillating heater could keep my living room/kitchen area warmer at less than half the price . I gave this a couple of hours of trial , but it just was n't good enough for my purposes . I also own an older model version Delonghi oil-filled radiator that has a forced fan on it , too . The latter is a much better heater and has faithfully been used upstairs for years with a good thermostat that works as you would expect . I have a Vornado DVH on the way and will give that a try for downstairs .
 I am disappointed at how poorly the flexible joints are made . They are much too ` loose ' of a design ... meaning that it most often wo n't hold the position you place it in . If the configuration in which you position this unit is not perfectly balanced around its center of gravity , the ` head ' -LRB- light -RRB- will either ` droop down ' quickly , or the entire unit will tip over . And it 's flexible joints are also too ` loose ' to grab around a pole ... it will just slide down . I bought a $ 6.85 3D battery/20 LED lantern from Amazon with a pivoting head , and it served me much better than this snake light . As for the problem reported by other reviewers about ` breakage ' if the head was removed to be used as a flashlight , I did n't have that problem .
 The whole purpose of this -LRB- over standard flashlights -RRB- is to be able to wrap around things , stand on it 's own and bend to face any direction . The weight of the head is too heavy for the gooseneck to stay in any position and it slowly droops out of position . Very frustrating.The contruction is on par with the free Happy Meal toys and feels like it could break at any moment . Would NOT recommend !!
 If you love your first gen snake light , hold onto it because this atrocity is garbage . Yes the LEDs sound promising and is a good sales pitch but this thing is useless . I love my first gen snake light , it 's never let me down and still molds the way I want it too . This thing on the other hand wo n't hold itself up if it 's life depended on it . The flexible neck is garbage , it 's just some flexible wire that pales in comparison to the multi jointed necks of the original snake light . Black and decker , you should be ashamed that you put this out and ultimately killed a great product . I threw away the goose neck portion and use the flashlight portion as a backup in my truck . time to search for a first gen on eBay !!
 No matter what position you try to pose the light in , it just falls flat as soon as you let go . There is no way to pose it in the position displayed in the ad or on the package . You can hang it around your neck , but that about all . .
 The goose neck is too weak to hold the light where you need it . I even tried to reinforce it with coat hanger wire . No luck . Heading for the trashcan .
 I ordered this item , saw the full itemized delivery of the item . It was delivered to someone on Nov 26th but that someone was not me ! Tried to contact the seller and Amazon but to be honest neither seem to care that I paid for a product I never received . Will never order from this seller again . When you pay for something you at least expect it to be delivered to your address . Very angry , frustrated and flat out MAD . Really I rate my experience as a negative 100
 The led light is not as good as a regular bulb . Way too much glare produced . Would not recommend it .
 I was very pleased with this light in the begining
 I ordered 2 of these lights from Amazon to replace a first generation light . The first unit 's 3 led light is a weak light . I tried 3 different sets of batteries and gave up . I tried the 2nd light and it is a litte better . My main regret is I waited too long to return . I found another light at Amazon by another company and it is what I wanted with the first order .
 The `` snake '' neck of the light is not very tight . It does not stay in the position you put it nor can it hold the head of the light up very well which pretty much renders the `` snake '' feature useless . The alternative flashlight feature is nice though .
 I needed a light I could put in different positions so that I could work with both hands and see in areas that are not easily accessible . Unfortunately this device does not fit the bill very well . It will only hold still in a few positions . In most positins it just tries to straighten out too much and either tips over or illuminates the floor . It 's not a well designed product .
 The first time I tried to convert it to a flashlight the end broke off . So I tried the other end , snap , it broke as well . I inspected the inside once it was broken and it looks like where it 's supposed to swivel apart it was glued at the factory , making it impossible to twist off . I superglued it back together but all in all it 's a huge waste of money .
 Disclaimer is that I bought it at a Ross store but nowhere does it indicate that it is a factory second or anything like that and it is in completely identical packaging to the ones sold in the mainstream stores . I took it out of the package put the batteries in and had trouble getting the light to stay on but before I had a chance to address that issue I twisted the end off to see how it worked as a flashlight -LRB- w/out snake part -RRB- and the connector snapped off rendering it useless for either configuration . I might have dismissed this as a lemon but noticed another reviewer on here had the same experience . I am really bummed b/c this is exactly what I was looking for , I just wish it was made better . I am hoping to call black and decker to see what they will do for me but have not gotten around to it yet . Bummer . I will say that the light was very bright while it was on but the plastic isway too brittle for a connector that is intended to move !
 I love Amazon but guys go to ACE or Lowes or Home Depot for stuff like this . I ordered this and like every hardware item I order on Amazon it 's too short , or does not fit , or is wrongly labeled ... . THIS one is for wood doors only I have a aluminum door so it does not work and I 'm too lazy to return it - OFF to goodwill it goes . If others are lazy like me man up and go to a local hardware store realize you have the wrong item , then go back 2 more times that day , DO N'T buy stuff like this on Amazon .
 The Pilot Drill bit that came in the mail is nothing like what I ordered . I received a black oxide , extra long Pilot Drill Bit . Not polished steel with indentations for where it seats in the chuck like shown/stated in the picture . I can buy the same drill bit that I received at Home Depot for $ 3 and I do not have to wait over 3 weeks for the item . What a rip off . This is the second time that I have ordered something from an Amazon outside vender and received a totally different Item . I have never had an issue when dealing with Amazon Directly , only when dealing with certain outside vendors that sell through Amazon . If this happens one more time then that 's 3 strikes and I am out . It is not worth my time over a $ 6 item to return it and wait 3 weeks for another one . I guess I will write it off as a bad experience . The pilot drill bit is not worth the $ 6 it cost me .
 I bought this netting to replace one over my Koi pond . We have blue heron and racoons so the netting is really necessary . I have a very nice looking pond and do not want a net that takes away from that anymore than necessary . Imagine my surprise when I unroll the net and find a splice from one side to the other . The netting is black and the splice is sewed with white thread and has a lip that hangs down 3 inches . It 's a real eyesore . If it is going to have a splice I think this is something they should tell you . As I said I will go local in the future to see what I am getting . I have bought this size before without any splices and was quite happy with it . Maybe it was a different company .
 Looking more closely at the ` lightweight ' description should have clued me in ... . but this is just plastic ! ` black granite ' was what I was expecting . Priced quite high for plastic !
 Originally I ordered 2 of these lights . They arrived in an Amazon box with the original product packaging inside . These units are made in China , and the original packaging looks like its been through a war . The packaging is also very flimsy , and in my opinion for a delicate item like this is totally inadequate.Amazon promptly replaced the damaged unit , and I received another that is damaged even worse that the previous one.So I am returning both units today for a refund . In my opinion , Amazon should drop Quoizel as a vendor and stop taking any orders as long as they keep sending inadequate and severely damaged packaging and product.I have hundreds of previous orders with Amazon and this is by far the worst product packaging issue I have had . Amazon has been very prompt and courteous with the returns , but overall I think they would do better to weed out vendors of this quality.I 'm going back to Amazon to search for new lights , but definely not from Quoizel .
 So i bought this gun for work on farm machinery and found that it does not preform as well as with the 14 and 18 volt models . puts out less than half the amount of grease than the 18 volt . i greased one hub with the 12 volt in the same time an 18 volt greased 3 on the low setting . 12 volt does not have the high low selection .
 I have never written a review about anything but I had to worn people about this product . I own everything Dewalt and feel they make a good product but they 've failed with this . The hole saw cups are painted Dewalt yellow . The threads are also painted a thick yellow making it very hard to get the cups on . How hard would it be to simply put plugs onto the threads so as not to paint them shut . You would think that just working the cups on and off would loosen the paint , but you need a wrench just to get them on , if you can get them started at all . Then because your forcing the cup on , you do n't even know if your cross threading , damaging the threads of the cup and the drill attachment . A simple solution , not painting the threads , would end this problem .
 Good price for a bi-metal hole saw set and good selection of sizes . Bought one as a gift for my brother to use for small jobs around his house . Nice case to keep everything together and the built in handle was a nice touch.Bi-metal are good for metal but terrible for most anything else . With bi-metal the high speed steel is the same and so it makes no sense to get anything other than the cheapest you can find . I have burned out expensive bi-metal hole saws after a single hole in MDF and after only 4 holes in Hardi siding so I have learned from experience to use bi-metal on metal and TCT tungsten carbide tooth hole cutters on everything else . The TCT cut much faster , work great with cordless drills , and last a lot longer .
 I needed a hole cutter set and I have always appreciated Dewalt 's quality.The centering drill bits do n't extend past the cutting edge of the circle saw teeth , so its VERY difficult to keep the cutter from walking . Kind of irritating . I am trying to figure out a way to work around this but so far they 're just gathering dust on my shelf right now .
 I was not very happy with my purchase . The bits were n't as sharp asthey should be . They do not cut very well . Also the case they came in was broken.I 'm not sureI 'll order again .
 These have got to be the worst forstner bits I 've used to date . I had noticed upon removal from the packaging that ALL of the cutting edges were not just dull , but spawled , chipped , and looked to have been sharpened with a wood rasp . -LRB- My lawnmower blades have a crisper edge ! -RRB- These bits are definitely not fast , sharp , or worth your money if you are serious about your tools . - no stars today Chinese made Porter Cable -
 Originally I ordered 2 of these lights . They arrived in an Amazon box with the original product packaging inside . These units are made in China , and the original packaging looks like its been through a war . The packaging is also very flimsy , and in my opinion for a delicate item like this is totally inadequate.Amazon promptly replaced the damaged unit , and I received another that is damaged even worse that the previous one.So I am returning both units today for a refund . In my opinion , Amazon should drop Quoizel as a vendor and stop taking any orders as long as they keep sending inadequate and severely damaged packaging and product.I have hundreds of previous orders with Amazon and this is by far the worst product packaging issue I have had . Amazon has been very prompt and courteous with the returns , but overall I think they would do better to weed out vendors of this quality.I 'm going back to Amazon to search for new lights , but definely not from Quoizel .
 After about 12 months of very light use -LRB- maybe once a month on average -RRB- my 14.4 V Makita 's drive no longer engages and I can stop the rotation just by slightly gripping the keyless chuck . I suppose I may have just got a lemon but since its the only Makita I 've ever owned I ca n't compare it to any other Makita products .
 I own both this drill and the earlier similar and slightly larger model , the 6213 . I have three single speed Makita cordless drills and have owned them for 25 years . I will no longer buy another . The clutches failed on both the 6227 and the 6213 within weeks . The drill motors just keep spinning , and the chuck does not move . The three single speed drills continue to function flawlessly . Thank goodness I can use my 12 volt batteries in one of them and in my impact tool.I have just purchased replacement drills from the new Ridgid line at Home Depot . These have a three year warranty and a Lifetime Warranty , if purchased before December 31 , 2003 .
 The first one I got was used . I must be on Amazon 's ` send used items if you have them ' list because I 've returned 4 things this year because they arrived used . Anyway , the next one I got also had saw dust on it , however , it was not scratched up and the sand paper was new . Are these recurbs ? They look like it with their cheap twist ties for the cord and saw dust on them . frustrating ... anyway not buying tools from here anymore .
 I rec 'd this item today and opened the box to find that it has been used . There was sawdust in the box and the belt was on the sander and had clearly been used . Called Makita and they said the belt should be separate in the box -LRB- NOT on the sander -RRB- and should not be used . Returning item . This should never have been reboxed and resold as it was obviously used and not new .
 I bought this tool 2 days ago and am now returning it . I read the posts that mention it gets hot , but I had no idea how hot . I was simply polishing aluminum and smoke started coming out of this thing . Even before that you had to wear gloves because it was too hot to hold onto . This tool does not work .
 Looked like a good product , but was clearly used and the belt was worn so I returned it . Amazon wo n't let you exchange this product , so I ordered another . If it is used as well , I 'll be dissapointed . So far I 've ordered 3 powertools on Amazon and all have been clearly used , and some missing parts . I 'm giving them one last shot . Beware .
 Needless to say , I am very disappointed with this product . I waited a long time to be able to afford one , when my old Black & Decker 7volt that I had for years and years finally died after I dropped it . This Makita was used very little , maybe twice a day/a few screws , and that 's it . Never dropped or abused , and all of a sudden it just slips , kinda like the clutch is gone or something . I replaced it with a DeWalt . Hope that has a little longer life .
 I purchased these gloves a little over 3 months ago . I work in an aquatics store , and my skin is very sensitive to being in the water . Before I switched to the gloves , my eczema was extremely severe . With the help of the gloves I was able to clear up my skin , but that meant using them every time I needed to be in the tanks , whether it were bagging fish for a customer or tank maintenance -LRB- scrubbing , gravel vacuuming etc -RRB- . All was going great until two days ago when I felt water leaking into my glove . Today I found why - the seam holding the red part and the purple part together had come undone . The glove was rendered completely useless . I 'm sure if you were using them less often they would work great - but considering what I paid I was very disappointed that they only lasted me a few months . Especially since they are necessary for me to do my job .
 Aqua gloves are made of thick rubber which makes even holding tweezers difficult . You will end up knocking over rock formations in your reef tank . Very difficult to remove algae with these gloves . Latex gloves work much better and cost far less .
 Yes it is a nice handling belt sander that is very light . However the lightness comes from the aluminum frame . I had this a few months when it fell off an 18 inch high table onto my garage floor . Broke a cast aluminum shaft that holds the front roller . Sent it back for factory service and as told that they do not guarantee against physical damage . I guess that defective design is not covered . However they were considerate enough to give me a deal reducing the cost of repair from about $ 150 to $ 75 . So hold on tight and store near the floor .
 You would think that , given the cost and the fact that the batteries/charger cost AS MUCH as the vacuum - you 'd be getting some commercial level quality.This is NOT the case . Anything over the dust-bunny level is n't going to get picked up by this . Save your $ $ and just get a Black and Decker . Or 4 for that matter .
 I 'm sorry , but I am disappointed with my purchase . I love the concept of a cordless vacuum with the extention , but even the 9.6 v is too weak . It 's not effective for much more than dust balls . Any debris with any weight to it will fall right back out when you turn it off . Definitely room for improvement .
 I got this as a promo for buying a few `` bazillion '' dollars worth of Makita tools . The wife thinks is a poor excuse for a gift , ouch ! The kids think its fun to play with . I use it as my emergency extra 9.6 battery stash . Somebody told me it was a vacuum , call it a toy and give it to the kids . You 'll get more for your money if you do that , then trying to vacuum with it .
 Carefully note that this item is shipped WITHOUT BATTERY ! If you have other 9.6 V Makita tools this might be OK , but I do n't , and I did n't read the description carefully before ordering.So now it 's time to evaluate the additional cost of a battery and charger AND THEN determine whether the performance is worth the -LRB- total -RRB- price .
 I ordered this bench thinking that for -LSB- $ -RSB- I could get a cheap but somewhat reliable bench . What I received was a slapped together bench with many defects . The workmanship is very poor . The first bench that was delivered to my home was defective due to the poor quality of the carton that Fisch ships the item in . The carton was falling apart when it arrived at my home . The bench top had a major gap in the surface wood . This was simply poor workmanship . As soon as I reconized this problem I sent the workbench back.I recieved a replacement bench a couple weeks later . Again the carton was in poor condition . The workbench top had two major gaps in the wood . It was almost laughable how rediculously sloppy the workmanship was . This bench is made in China . Fisch should be ambarrassed to put their name on this product . The wood is very cheap and pressed together . The bench wreaked of chemicals from the eurathane used on the wood . It stunk up my entire basement and it got all over my hands . The predrilled holes for screwing the drawer together were drilled in the wrong place.This thing is not worth your time and it certainly not worth your money .
 This workbench is absolute junk . Mine came cracked on the top . If you try to use the bench dogs to clamp down a large item , it spreads the crack even wider . I 'm afraid if I clamp down hard on anything , it 'll pull the bench into two pieces . The shelf and drawer bottom were both warped . The drawer bottom so warped it could n't be used . The bench smelled bad from urethane . It was so bad I had to move the bench outside , it was stinking up my shop . The vises both bind up when you try to screw them in , or out.The packing for shipping was also shoddy . The box was falling apart by the time it got here . The only way I could send it back would be to buy a new box and packing materials and repack it for shipment.The bench is now used in the back yard by my wife as a planting bench , but It wo n't last long . It 'll be going to the dump on my next trip .
 The dishwasher connection is not as described.It is approximately 5/8 '' OD , which is different from the photo.Found the correct part for $ 3.86 at a local plumbing supply.I called and informed Amazon of this problem.As usual , I was issued a free return label and a prompt refund .
 I should have checked previous buyer 's reviews . Seems someone else had the same problem . This is useless for me as there is no way I could use the existing DW hose . I finally found the proper tailpiece locally , which means I did n't have to order a hose also -LRB- when I got this tailpiece I decided to get another hose which would hopefully fit -RRB- . I guess I ca n't cancel it now -LRB- I ordered hose from Amazon also -RRB- cause presumably it has already shipped.Next time I need hardware , I will search locally even though it is much more inconvenient .
 Sadly , in spite of the data given on this one 's entry , it has the same wrong diameter branch as the one that I ordered first.See my tale of woe :--RRB- at the link below.GeneLink : Danco 94057 1-1/2 - by-8-Inch Dishwasher Tailpiece , Slip-Joint , PVC
 I purchased this netting approximately 1 year ago . Packaging and product description were pretty generic , looked pretty much like standard bulk netting that this company -LRB- and probably many others -RRB- repackages with their name on it . Anyhoo , my wife and I spent most of the growing season patching and repairing this `` quality netting '' . I recommend that you spend the extra money and get higher quality woven nylon netting -LRB- similar to volleyball net -RRB- , if you want to keep the deer out and spend your time in the garden and not fixing the fence . I am pretty sure this fence would keep out deer in about the 20-30 pound range , probably about the size of the deer indigenous to where this netting was manufactured . Save your money !
 This insert is made of aluminum and is too thin for it 's intended purpose . It has a tendency to bend when heavy pieces of wood are passed over it . It also leaves streaks of red paint across the wood as they are being cut . I had to drill and install an allen screw at the front edge to take up the slop between the insert and table top . And with all these problems how on earth did this thing become it 's current price of more then fifty plus dollars ? These were about $ 20.00 a couple -LRB- two -RRB- years ago . Since when did Delta become so money hungry ? If you do n't absolutly need this ... do n't buy it . It 's not worth the money .
 I concur with another less than desirable review of this product . This is suppossed to be a Delta Part not an aftermarket product . The fit of this cast aluminium piece in the cast iron table is deplorable . I seriously question what if any fit tolerances were permitted . However , being in need of an operatational saw and drawing on several years metal machining experience I managed to make it work . I am very dissapointed with both the quality of the materials and manufacturing of a relativley simple yet expensive replacement part .
 The new insert had a very loose fit with more than a 1/16 '' gap . Also the top -LRB- working area -RRB- was not flat by about 1/16 '' . I could have installed some setscrews around the perimeter and flat sanded the top to fix these problems but instead sent it back . I fixed my original Delta insert which had cracked with some JB weld . In the long run this was less trouble and was a less expensive solution .
 I bought this vise because the price was very reasonable and it looked sturdy . I understand the typical quality of items at this price point and was n't expecting miracles , just something with a flat bottom that would hold my work while drilling . The problem is that the base is EXTREMELY warped and will not sit flat no matter how clamped . This means that , no matter how well you have your drill press calibrated , you can never drill something perfectly vertically using this vise . I figured maybe I got a dud and should try another , but it had the exact same problem . I know better quality vises are a good deal more expensive but buying something like this that simply does not serve the function required of it is just throwing away money .
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- Need help . I am thinking about purchasing this vice for Mortise work . I have a Delta 8 '' bench Drill press mod 11-950 . For the life of me I can not find the specs on this vise to see if it will fit . Distance between slots on the table bracket assembly -LRB- plate -RRB- is approx 4.5 inches . Any suggestions.Sal -LRB- 2 -RRB- What I got was n't what was pictured . I can not believe that this vise was sold being represented as a Delta Product which it was not . The casting was poorly manufactured and cast . The base was partially polished but clearly the entire bearing surface needed to be milled but was not as casting imperfections were present . This appeared to be a import knock off . I will credit the seller with calling me to answer my measurement question , but as far as a quality finished product , it definitely was not . The jaws of the vise had non-visible sharp metal shavings which got my attention in short order . In short this product is misrepresented . Sal
 The mold used in the sand casting of this turd was so off that large portions of the functional surfaces that get milled for accuracy were simply untouched . The flat-head screws holding the jaws in place are stripped and protrude from the clamping surfaces by at least .030 '' , so that the jaws close on the screw heads instead of on the poorly painted flats . As in there 's a very noticeable gap when the vice is `` closed '' , and if you try to clamp anything wider than 2 inches you 'll be pushing screw heads into your part.This is going into the recycling bin as soon as I get something less embarrassing.I can only assume that the positive reviews were either lucky in getting a unit from a less horrible batch , or are out to trick me into buying garbage .
 I bought this vice soon after I bought my drill press thinking it would be a much needed accessory . I was wrong ! I think I have used this thing twice in five years ... There is nothing wrong with this tool . The casting is heavy and the screw operates smoothly . The main issue is that it is a pain to attach to the drill press table and also a pain to make adjustments to once it is attached . Also , the jaws are a bit too narrow for a lot of what I might use the thing for ... Basically its a bad idea that is really well made . If you can think of a good use for it , then by all means buy it for its quality and price - otherwise forget it .
 This is my first `` very disappointed '' experience with Amazon . This stapler ca n't be used . I 'm sure Amazon will make it good , but it 's a waste of time . My recommendation is avoid buying `` factory-reconditioned , like-new '' if your schedule is tight.Here 's the details . I received the box just minutes ago -LRB- day late but due to bad weather -RRB- . It was well-packaged with no visible exterior package damage , but inside I was pretty shocked . The hammer looked liked-like new , but the stapler itself was a mess . Literally , there was saw dust all over the areas underneath like where the staples exit . Not just a trace but days or weeks worth of saw dust coating . Clearly it was never cleaned or was being used . Honestly , it looked like someone used it right up until they boxed it -- like a demo unit or something . It had a gouge/nick in the metal foot that no doubt would scratch flooring just in handling the unit . Sure it could be filed smooth but ... . But here 's the real problem . On the one-piece metal-cast handle toward the bottom where it 's flat and gets bolted to the stapler itself , there is a big crack . Good grief . How could anyone not see this ??? Factory-recon like-new and inspected ? Not a chance . This looks like it was used and abused right up to the day it was shipped to me . Waste of time hence the disappointment . Anyone in QC should have caught this and never let it be resold . A cracked handle is not only useless , it could be dangerous . The handle comes packaged separately from the stapler for shipping , so there 's no way it got crushed in shipping.Amazon does disclose : `` Note
 Pros :1 . Amazon shipped it fast .2 . It is a stapler.Cons :1 . This is not a RECONDITIONED . It is a terribly used , uncleaned , stained , malfunctional unit with missed accessories .2 . I bought tons of stuff from Ebay , Amazon , Craigslist and other place . When something that is stated as refurbished or reconditioned , it is in reasonable condition . I do n't expect them to be brand new , although most decent manufacturers repair and clean the item to almost brand new . Bostitch does n't . If I put what I received on Craiglist today , I would say `` six out of 10 '' , in terms of condition ; or something like `` extensively used , but might still in working order '' .3 . Any piece of paper in my trash box is in a better condition that the document that came with the item .
 The base comes loose from the main frame and I suspect that 's why it 's a Re-con . They should have done a better re-con or not at all !!!!!
 Unfortunately , the stapler that was sent was totally defective . Returned the item with no problem . Bought a new Bostitch Pneumatic Stapler locally as there was no price difference online vs. the Home Depot . So far the new stapler has worked flawlessly .
 very dirty and chipped , did not come with case or pre finished foot that new ones come with . Buy new one its cheaper after you add parts .
 In my last dive trip , 3 eco flares only last 1 or 2 dives , because a bad seal let water get into bat compartment !
 I just received this today . It does n't work . Neither bulb . Checked batteries , they are fine.I needed this light for a special project and am now very frustrated . I will just buy one of those dollar store things and modify it . I 'll be back to let you know about how the return went . Rate light 0 stars.Amazon took care of the return in an instant . Kudos to Amazon.com . Amazon.com gets 5 Stars for their prompt and seamless customer service for this item .
 The package is so simple.There is no user 's manual or anything to specify how to use this light.I installed the battery then seal the white top , then ... nothing happen.The light did n't turn on , and there is no controler or anything on the body ... I do n't know what happened.I suppose that light will be on after I installed the battery ???
 Just received it , thought it looked like good quality . Saw it was made in the USA and was even impressed that it had Duracell batteries instead of some no name cheap ones . I put the batteries in ... . and ... . nothing . Swapped out for the red bulb ... . nothing . Tried different AAA batteries ... . nothing . I am returning this faulty one and a new one is supposedly on the way from Amazon . Will update if the 2nd try is better .2 nd Try
 Worked OK for a couple years . Now the `` up '' button stopped working and I have to shop for a replacement .
 Because of substantially higher natural gas prices , I bought four -LRB- 4 -RRB- of these thermostats to be able better to monitor the heating in my home this winter.This was a very bad mistake.The instructions are vague , confusing , impossible to follow and a big waste of time . You can never be certain that you have accomplished what you wanted to do . I left my house for several days and thought I had set the thermostats for 50 degrees . No way . Each was set for something else even though there is a `` Permanent Override '' that is supposed to be easy to use . The problem is that the instructions are nonsense , apparently written by comedians.If you want to read something that is written in indecipherable Chinlish , go here : http://www.hunter-thermostats.com/manuals/44260.pdfand read the owners manual.Were you good a deciphering puzzles in school?Moreover , the short instructions are printed on the lid in 6 point type . Try to read them and go blindIt may be a wonderful device but the manufacturer could n't care less if you can operate it.Also , the packaging must be made for a war zone . You need a jackhammer to smash and break into it . I cut my hands twice using scissors . Who is the stupid fool who designs packaging like this?Oh and by the way , the instructions on how to wire it up look like they were written by a mad bomber seeking to blow up your home.If there was a zero rating for this , I would have given it.AVOID THIS LIKE A DISEASE !
 Up and down buttons only work for a couple of years , and uses too many batteries . One will need to replace it as it is not a long term item .
 I bought couple of these and for both I noticed they quickly deteriorated after couple of weeks . The lamplight became dim and I was wondering if I am slowly getting blind . I examined the bulbs and noticed the tube tarnished inside by a mirror-black residue - presumable film from metal evaporation , because it was not there when I bought them . When you turn the light on , it takes couple of seconds to light up , when turned off - it continues glowing for up to five seconds . This is not how halogen bulbs should be!I replaced the Feit bulb with another brand and guess what ? The non-Feit 150W bulb is BRIGHTER than the Feit 300W ! Do not buy Feit halogen bulbs .
 They were already broken when I received them and it was n't even worth sending back because I would have to pay for the postage .
 After Hurricane Sandy knocked out my power , I had to rely on this backup battery to keep my sump pump working . Luckily , the rain in my area did n't last for too long , so I did n't have to deal with any flooding . The battery did , however , fully discharge.Then the real problem began - getting this thing to shut up . The charger incessantly sounded a loud , annoying alarm that could not be stopped unless you disconnected it from the battery . The error on the charger said `` Battery is defective or discharged , replace battery . '' This was my first time using the battery . Even after getting power back , plugging the charger did nothing . Doing some research , which included stuff here from Amazon , it seems this is a very common issue.Ultimately , the issue was resolved when I purchased aBattery Tender 021-0123 Battery Tender Junior 12V Battery Charger . In half an hour , in what the regular charger failed to do in over three weeks , the alarm stopped ringing and I was finally able to get the battery to charge again . For an emergency unit to become dead weight without a third party item is simply unacceptable in my opinion .
 I live in Virginia and lost power for 3 hours during Isabel and my basement flooded . So I installed this backup system in my basement sump about a year ago . When I got home from work today , the regular sump was already running about every 10 minutes , so I went down to check out the backup ... To my horror , this thing did n't come even close to keeping up with the inflow ... then ... not two minutes into the test ... the low battery light/alarm goes off . TWO MINUTES ?? ... . In a word ... . Worthless . It 2:19 AM and here I sit , trying to stay awake so I can be ready to bail if the we lose power . -LRB- At 4am , my wife will take her watch -RRB- . Once this is over , I 'm going to bite the bullet and invest in a generator . Total waste of money and a scary false sense of security is what you get for , my advice is simply do not even think about buying this junk .
 Who knew ? The manufacturer is claiming much more pumping capability than this unit can deliver . Make sure you 're getting the performance you need , especially from a system that is supposed to save you in case of power failure . Know what you are getting ahead of time and do n't be fooled by dishonest companies .
 We lost power in the last rainstorm . I was so glad that my Watchdog backup sump pump kicked in . But soon I discovered , the outflow of water was much less than the inflow . Before long , my basement was flooded . Next morning I got a portable generator . I started to pump out the water through the AC powered primary sump pump . I could tell by comparison that my Watchdog sump pump could only deliver a fraction -LRB- maybe 1/5 -RRB- of what my primary pump could do . Watchdog backup sump pump failed far far far short of its specified GPH . To me , Watchdog sump pump is totally useless .
 As the other reviewer noted , the battery requires a lot of maintenance . I have had to open the battery to add distilled water to the sulfuric acid solution every 6 months or so . Sulfuric acid is hazardous , and I do n't feel the average person should handle it . There has to be a better way .
 I have had this for about 4 years now and it has done what I needed it to . What I like about it is that it is efficient and will pump a long time . What I do n't like is the battery they sell along side it and the charging system.As with any battery , the battery will require maintenance . It needs to be kept charged and distilled water needs to be periodically added . You do n't have to use the do-it-yourself battery they recommend . Any quality deep-cycle battery will do if you do n't mind losing the acid level sensor , which you need to attach to the positive terminal . I currently am using a Napa Stowaway , made by Exide.The charger itself is a bit flaky , I periodically use a separate charger -LRB- about $ 25 -RRB- to fully charge the battery . The pump has functioned when I needed it , during power outages and when the float stuck on my Zoeller pump . The alarm and pump have worked as designed.One reviewer recommends a water backup , but I do n't think that is a great idea . During recent floods in my area , city water was shut off before power . And if you go on long vacations or have to abandon your home in an emergency you should be shutting off the water first . As much of a pain maintaining a battery system can be , I feel it is still the best option available.To maintain efficiency , this pump is rather small and does n't appear to be all that durable . I will probably replace it in another few years to be safe.If I were to buy another one , I would probably spend more money . But this one has done the job . ------- Update 4/11Well this thing killed a new $ 200 battery in two years and is no longer useful . I would have been better off spending money on a better system with a smart charger instead of a new battery for this system with the trickle charger . Trickle chargers are not made to be hooked up for years on end , that will kill a battery quickly . Live and learn . Also , it did n't tell me my battery was bad until after I tried running it . My guess is that it 's useful life was about a year or less.So one star only .
 I 've had this system for a few years now and consider myself lucky I did not need to use it . It has never charged the battery correctly ever since I bought it . I keep having to charge it manually to have any chance of it working . Left alone , it seems to do a great job discharging the battery . Calls to tech support are usually met with - `` your battery is bad , buy a new one '' response . When I mentioned that I 've never seen the charger put out a voltage high enough to actually have any charging going on , they did not seem to care . . I see some people mention having to add water that would be a normal behavior for a battery that charges . In the years I 've had tis , I 've not once needed to add any , meaning there is no charging going on to boil it off in the first place.Update
 We inherited one of these units when we purchased our house.For the duration that we 've lived here , it seemed to have done it 's job . But then again , we never had an outage during heavy rainfall and never for more than an hour or so at a time . That all changed when Sandy hit us.We lost power around 7 PM and I would occasionally hear the unit beeping as it came on to evacuate the pit . Except it was barely keeping up the water -LRB- bear in mind , as far as rains go , the amount that we got was n't overwhelming -RRB- . By late evening , it was coming on more and more frequently.The problem is that this pump is simply insufficient for 10 + ' runs . I have no idea how well it performs for shorter runs , but if you have a finished basement , you probably have a 10 + ' run if you factor in the depth of your pit and any bends in your piping . So when it came on , it would run for a fixed period of time but only move a minuscule amount of water -- just enough to deactivate the sensor for a short while but not actually evacuating the pit.It was so bad that I took the whole unit apart to inspect to see if there was a clog . Trust me
 A few months after I bought this system our power went out and and it ran during a storm , but now the battery wo n't seem to charge . Their customer support has been really poor - wo n't acknowledge it is n't working and ca n't seem to get them to honor the warranty . Should have gottten a water-powered pump or a more reliable system , as it is right now I do n't trust it .
 Junk , junk , junk . Do n't waste your money on this . After spending over $ 250 -LRB- pump , battery , acid -RRB- the alarm sounded monthly for `` add water '' , `` terminal corroded '' , `` replace battery '' . The company does not stand behind their product . As for the 7 year warranty good luck getting some to honor it .
 My Watchdog has been available as a viable back-up 10 percent of the time I 've had it . I bought this as a back-up system , and I have experienced the same problems with the battery maintenance . Mine has not been in an `` available '' status for quite some time . Just before hurricane Irene I serviced the system to get it back up and on-line , unsuccessfully . The `` BATTERY '' alarm is still beeping , as I type , even after cleaning the terminals and filling-up with distilled . I likely need more acid , and this is such a pain in the rear end .
 These pumps are expensive , a pain to maintain , and largely useless if they must operate for an extended period of time . If you are going to go the battery backup route , make sure you buy a backup that runs on both AC power AND battery power , that way , if your primary pump breaks , jams or fails for any reason , your backup pump will happily chug along all day long until you fix the primary.With the basement watchdog emergency pump it does not run off the AC power . You need to get the basement watchdog AC pump if you want to make sure your pump works when your primary fails for mechanical reasons.But if you live in an area with municipal water with good water pressure , consider a water-powered backup sump pump . This is especially important if you live in an area that is prone to extended power outages . If you pump kicks in a lot , do n't expect it to last through the night when you lose power . The battery will die and you will flood . With a water-powered pump , you should stay dry -LRB- at the cost of wasting municipal water -RRB- until you get power back , regardless of how long you are without power . And you wo n't have to deal with buying battery acid , filling the battery , testing the battery and maintaining the battery . Liberty SJ10 or Basepump get decent reviews here on Amazon .
 I have had a unit for around 3 years.I am on my second control unit and I need another . The 2nd one is supposed to have a mute switch , which does n't work.I have had pretty good luck with my batteries . I bought a second battery when the first unit went south.The unit does not pump much , so if you lose power , let 's hope it is a small storm . I can only hope and pray it would be enough if I really needed it to come through.I still keep a generator around to use in the event of power failure . Of course , I have to be home when it happens . I plan to look into the water based pumps .
 I have had this sump pump for 4 years with no problems until the battery ran out during a recent storm . It wo n't recharge now and I need a new battery . Since this happened with no warning I am a little unhappy . The battery did not last the advertised 5-7 years and I am dreading buying a new battery since you have to add the acid yourself which is messy and dangerous . Plus , they give you so much acid that I used up many boxes of baking soda to neutralize it so I good throw it away .
 What you need to know is that the photo you see shown by the company is not what that product looks like when you receive it . What you see on the photo is an item with the `` DELTA '' logo on it , but what you receive is a solid black bag with no logo on it . It looks nothing like the photo.It is a little misleading using DELTA 's logo on a photo of a product that you are buying but they send you a genric companies item instead .
 These disks are designed to attach to a sander via hook and loop . Some do n't stick at all and some are tenacious . A microplane is designed to allow the material to be removed to exit through the cut-hole . The problem with these things is that the holes are blocked by the adhering pad on the back . So , a sort of blister of , say , sawdust builds up in the pad and pushes the disc off the sander ! Absurd . And , you will find out how sharp these discs are after you handle them in frustration and find that your hands have been micro planed .
 Hunter 44550 Auto Save 7-Day Programmable ThermostatLess that two years ago I purchased this product . Yesterday while taking my family to dinner the unit cought fire -LRB- small fire -RRB- . Luckily , my house did not burn down and my family is still alive . I contacted Hunter and have not heard back from them -LRB- great customer service ... NOT -RRB- . Also , no recall for this unit is listed on thier website .
 Heating control is not accurate . It turns heating off at about +3 degree even though I set accuracy to + / -1 . I guess the problem is the temporature sensor is not very sensitive . Weekend schedule is not really adjustable . It just drops off two middle schedules of your weekday schedule . I replaced it with Honeywell RTH230B . RTH230B is in the same price range as Robertsaw 9600 and overcomes the two problems above .
 Purchased two Hunter units in May 2009 . One for upstairs/one for downstairs . Had no issues until Summer 2011 . Downstairs thermostat stopped working . ERR message - tried everything to troubleshoot . Replaced with an old , manual thermostat -LRB- thank goodness my husband is a pack rat and wo n't throw anything away ! -RRB- Then , last week , the upstairs unit began acting wonky . Went to a home improvement store over the weekend and that unit is now replaced with an `` old-fashioned '' manual thermostat . My friend 's husband is an HVAC guy - he explained that this `` just happens '' sometimes with the programmable thermostats . Went back to examine the downstairs unit 's motherboard and found a noticeable burn mark on the board . A bit gun shy so will stick with the old-style manual thermostats for now .
 I bought this unit wanting to replace an older thermostat that was still working but lacked much in the way of programming features . The Hunter Unit was not as easy to program as I had expected , as most well thought out devices these days do not require much referencing of the instructions . However , after referring to them carefully , it was relatively easy to program the unit . Over the approximately 3 years I have had the unit , it has acted strangely several times . Most recently , my heat unit turned as programmed , and then abruptly turned off . I knew it was the thermostat , as this problem had occurred rather recently , and after a pin reset , worked again for the last several weeks . This was confirmed when the unit decided to turn itself on again just as I was about to remove it . That lasted for an hour , and now it is dead . I could have given it 2 stars for the three years that it did work reasonably well , but since my older thermostat was about 10 years old , and still working , plus the fact that I have never been that thrilled with this unit 's performance , I will stick with my one star .
 If I could give it 0 stars I would.If you have emergency heat -LRB- AUX heat -RRB- this product will not work , this should be in the product description but it is not.Very unhappy and now it is out of the box and I am not able to return it .
 We 've had the new thermostat for a couple of days , and it always thinks it 's 77-79 in the house and we 're FREEZING ! Ca n't get the A/C to stop running , which was the reason we got a programmable thermostat in the first place . Returning this and getting a different brand .
 I bought this thermostat to replace an older programmable . Installation went fine and once I had it programmed it worked as advertised . But the interface left much to be desired . First of all , you are supposed to be able to take it off the wall to set it , but once it is in the bracket , it would not come off the wall no matter how hard I pushed on the release button . The override controls are not very intuitive , with some buttons on the outside and some on the inside . For instance to override the temperature , you ca n't just use the two outside buttons to set the new temperature . The inside buttons are labeled so small that they are very hard to read in a dark hallway . The worst thing is there is one button that if pushed reverts back to the default programming and you have to reprogram all over again . I replaced this unit with a new Honeywell that does n't have any of these problems .
 I read the manual , followed all instructions , and got the unit installed in about 30 minutes . It worked great for a few days , turning on and off as programmed . Then it just went into permanent `` fan '' mode . I checked , double-checked and triple-checked all programming and switches , as well as trying the `` Home today '' setting , but nothing worked . The unit said it was in `` Cool '' mode but was only running the fan . I thought it might be my A/C so called a repairman , but he said the A/C was fine , the problem was the thermostat . When we uninstalled the Hunter and went to a different thermostat , sure enough , the A/C worked perfectly . I would have been open to returning the thermostat in return for a replacement , but the warranty says I 'd have to pay additional shipping ! So no thanks , I 'm just returning it -LRB- no charge -RRB- to Amazon for a refund .
 All of a sudden , my fan was running continuously . I thought it was my furnace control board because a failure of the low voltage fuse results in continuous run of the indoor blower . Replaced the furnace control board and same thing . Burned up fuse , but only during call for cooling . Heat was OK . Checked control wire and contactor/coil on outside condenser and all was A-OK ! . Removed thermostat from wall and operated all with a jumper wire . It 's the thermostat . Sad state of affairs on a 1986 Furnace when the part that failed was the newest addition of the Hunter thermostat in 2004 . I am going back to the manual thermostat because they are simpler and I never noticed any savings with the programmable feature turned on .
 No problem installing , or needing to clean any contacts as others stated earlier . Like the home override button for sure , but kicks back in to auto after midnight . Front faceplate could be a little sturdier . Will buy the touch screen next time around . Also , unit switched between winter and summer mode when was not needed , a big concern for us , with our dog home when we are at work .
 This thermostat will not work for any heat pump that includes emergency heat , so it will not work for any heat pump that I 've ever seen . They should make this clear in the product description .
 The heat sensor on this unit is not accurate . For instance , I set it to 72 degree and when the unit starts , it gets really hot in the house that by the time it stops after the unit shows 73 degree , on the unit I took off , the reading easily goes above 80 degree . I have another thermostat in the house and the reading is also way above 72 degree .
 I purchased this on October 23 , 2010 and installed shortly thereafter.Instructions were a bit murky , but I got the job done.Seemed to work okay initially , but it was a bit of a pain to program.However , after a few months , it stopped holding the correct settings , so I needed to re-program every few weeks.Over the course of this past summer , it stopped holding settings all together . I needed to manually adjust the temperature every day and night . What a pain , and so much for having a programmable thermostat!I spent some time reviewing alternatives , and finally bit the bullet , and purchased the Nest -LRB- for $ 249 -- GULP ! -RRB- Last night , for the first time in many months , we had stable temperature readings -LRB- and comfort levels -RRB- . Wa-hoo ! I 'll keep a close eye for any problems , but so far , I am glad that I removed this Hunter from my wall .
 This thermostat has a mind of its own , do a temp change and a few minutes later goes to a different temp , I put the old one back on !
 First off , when we received this thermostat , the plastic packaging was a brownish yellow color and looked as though it had been sitting for years . We installed it by following the directions exactly . I spent about 20 minutes programming it and we turned it on . Our heat kicked on and all seemed great until our house was up to 79 degrees even though the thermostat was set for 70 . During the night , if the house got too cold , we had to get up turn it on , wait for it to reach the desired temperature , and then turn it off manually . We re-wired twice and followed all troubleshooting solutions in the manual . Nothing worked . Finally , we went to Home Depot and they told us we had a dud thermostat and that it was not going to work no matter what . We bought a new thermostat -LRB- Honeywell -RRB- which was much easier to install and works great . If you are lucky enough to get a working thermostat then maybe it will work for you . Good Luck !
 This unit has great features for the price , but my unit only functioned for a few hours before ERR began to appear on the display . The manual lists this as a battery error . I attempted replacing the batteries several times only to have ERR reappear more and more frequently . While the device is in the ERR state your AC/Heat will not work . I 'm sure I just received a defective unit , but the unit itself feels cheap . I replaced it with the Honeywell 8500 and have n't looked back . The Honeywell looks and feels much nicer -LRB- and it worked -RRB- , but it is more than twice as much.Kudos to Amazon for giving me a full refund on the defective unit .
 I found that my Hunter 44550 will not shut off the furnace or AC unit at times . It seems random but I will have to replace the thermostat and I wo n't be buying another Hunter . I tried resetting the unit to its defaults using the pin reset , but it still has the same problem at random . I also checked the wiring and still no luck finding any issues with a faulty setup . In my book if a `` Thermostat '' ca n't control the temperature then it gets one star for effort the other 6 days of the week .
 I bought this to replace my existing bulb and did n't work ? What a hassle . If I had the time to box it up and return it , I woud n't of ordered it on line .
 Beware
 Do not buy from TCP Global Corp because of excessive shipping charge . I bought two PreserveIt cans at the good price of $ 5.30 each but they charged $ 15.00 shipping making the net cost $ 12.80 each . Retail price in an art store is roughly $ 7.00 . When you buy multiple products at one time , Amazon makes it difficult to identify how the shipping charges are allocated . One has to be vigilant for companies such as TCP Global Corp that advertise a low price and then tack on an outrageous shipping charge.PreserveIt is a good product for adding some degree of resistance to smudging for art work . I use it on laser printed book covers . The gloss version is a bit smoother than the matte , but I have used both types with satisfactory results . Sumdging is less of a problem but can still occur with a greasy finger and strong pressure .
 Cheap then again what do you expect for a few dollars . It does the job but going into the Megahertz range shielding is a problem . Should have paid a bit more and get a much better quality .
 BUYER ! PLEASE BE ADVISED ! THEY POST THE WORD FLASHLIGHT -LRB- S -RRB- WITH AN S . THEY POST A PICTURE OF `` 4 '' FLASHLIGHTS ! THEY TELL YOU YOU CAN KEEP ONE IN THREE DIFFERENT LOCATIONS AS OPPOSED TO USING THE WORD `` OR '' . THEY CHARGE 19.95 , BUT THIS IS ALL ONLY FOR ONE FLASHLIGHT ! JUST ONE ! WHILE OTHERS CHARGE 6.99 AND 7.25 FOR THE EXACT SAME 21 LED FLASHLIGHT , THEY CHARGE 19.95 , USE THE WORD FLASHLIGHTS < < < AND SHOW 4 LIGHTS . MISLEADING ! THEY TELL YOU YOU HAVE A CHOICE OF FOUR , BUT NOWHERE DO YOU GET TO CHOOSE ANYTHING ! JACKS TOOL SHED SELLS THE SAME LIGHT FOR ABOUT 7.25 . THINK ABOUT IT . WHY ARE THEY SHOWING 4 LIGHTS , HAVE PLURAL LIGHT -LRB- S -RRB- AND CHAGE 19.95 FOR THE SAME EXACT LIGHT ? ALTHOUGH SOME HAVE TOLD ME THAT YOU RECEIVE LIGHTS WITH BURNED OUT LED 'S / NOT SURE , BUT YOU GET THE PICTURE . VERY SAD !
 I purchased this product and 3 months after the warranty ran out , the retracting spring just let go and now it wo n't roll back up . I probably would n't have written this except that in the last 15 months , I have used it less than 12 times !!!!! Buyer Beware .
 Purchased this reel for occasional use in a pole barn . We hung it from the ceiling . After about the 10th pull over a 6 month period , the internal plastic broke . We took the cover off of it to see if it could be repaired . Everything except for the sring is plastic . The spring pulled loose out of the plastic mount . The internals are plastic welded so it is can not be serviced . Basically I spent over $ -LSB- ... -RSB- on an extension cord I could have purchased for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . The label on the reel cover stated for light duty use only . It should have said not for actual use .
 I bought this reel for my garage , it worked well for about a month and then I pulled the cord out to about 25 feet and the spring broke . I emailed the company looking for a fix , and never got a response . I really would have liked to give a better review , but the company 's non response results in this product going to the garbage .
 I bought this reel as a gift , but after inspecting the retract funtion , there was no way I was going to give this as a present . The retract function rarely worked , and once we got it to lock the cable out it would n't retract , we tried the directions and mounted it in the horizontal and vertical positions , nothing worked . For the time it took to get the cable to lock out I could have un-coiled an extension cable and coiled it back up . End result
 Bought this `` automatic '' reel for my truck so I would n't have to manually roll up my cord , not the case . This will only roll up about 2/3 's of the cord and the rest you have to push in yourself . Do not recommend this product .
 These hinges are of very poor quality . The holes on the door side do not match up with the old hinges even though the measurements are suppose to be the same . The bend of the door side is off so far that when the door is closed the bend hits the cabinet face so the door does n't close all the way . On top of that , if you hold the hinge out in front of you , you will notice that the cabinet side and the door side are crooked . The door side would be angled down if the cabinet side is held straight vertically . Not all are like this , because I had one set that almost worked . The door on this pair was shifted to the right just enough to cause the very edge of the door to hit the cabinet face , again because of the bend . I suspected that there may be some differences , but none so great that these could not be made to work satisfactorily.My old hinges were made in America , these , of course , are Chinese . I was changing these because we want satin nickel rather that the gold tone color.Update
 Very disappointed in quality of this product , on/off switch was defective when received ... lamp would come on but would immediately start flickering and eventually just turn off by itself . Was purchased as a gift and told that product was no longer available when tried to exchange . : -LRB-
 This was purchased as a light for my computer/keyboard area . Minimul light output - yes it had a new highquality battery , poor access to the battery case . The only plus is the sturdy heavy base that does not tip over . I have not used it at all as it does not provide even minimal light .
 The only good thing about this light is the stand . I was excited to get this light , as it seemed to be what I needed . Upon putting in the batteries though , I knew I had problems . The light flickers like the batteries do n't make contact with the light . I tried cleaning the contacts , replacing the batteries , ect.Don ' t buy this light . You will be disappointed.j
 First impression I gave it 5 stars : True , these are smaller than the ones you find most places including Radio shack . Max grip is inch but usable is 3/16 . That is why I 've bought these . The electronics I work on need a small clip as not to short out the next connection . The grip is also very good . Does n't slip in the fingers like others including Radio Shack . Tip to tip length is 17 inches . Wire is crimped but tight . The clip itself , I have found one bad but works . The wire is nice and flexible.UPDATE it is now 1 star : While doing one of my projects , I keep getting strange results from what I expected . Could it be the new cables ? I tested these with 120 ma flowing thru my meter . I shunted my meter with these and still read current . I soldered the wires direct to the clips which made them better . But the drop was too much . Radio Shack cables had a 9.6 mv reading shunting across my meter but these had a very high 70.5 mv . The wires are too fine . Also when soldering the clips you can see the poor quality of the clips .
 The quality control sucks . Several bits had the holes in the center off center . The case did not close well and some bits rattled around . I spent almost 3 times as much for my set but it worked the first time and will work many more . I do my own lock work and I use security/tamper-proof screws so these bits have to work . Save up and pay a little more .
 When I received this product I was initially very pleased . The case is solid heavy-duty plastic molded construction , and there are quite an assortment of bits inside , and they look to be of good quality.However I began to realize all too soon that many of these bits are `` filler '' bits . I.e. , they have no real utility in consumer electronics devices . For example , in each class of bit -LRB- altogether 15 types of bit -RRB- there are a couple and sometimes several giant bits in sizes 30 , 35 , and even 40 . These bits are for large mechanical devices , certainly not consumer electronics . They have no place in a consumer electronics kit.But I would n't complain if the kit at least included the bits that are very common in consumer electronic devices . For example , the smallest Torx bit is size T-8 ! This is absurd . Practically the entire Apple hardware line uses Torx-6 . In fact this is the reason I originally bought the kit -- to service a failed harddrive in my PowerBook G4 . Well , the purchase ended up being useful after all
 if you are trying to use the Tri-Wing screwdriver to Open Your Nintendo Wii , please do not Buy it ... but if your reason is different , i will recommended to buy . .
 only 21 tamperproof bits : Torx
 Bought the kit for the tri-wing bits to be able to disassemble a Nintendo DS for repair . Tri-wing bits are way too big for the screws .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 I have had this nailer for about three months and it no longer works . I have not quite used a full box of nails . I oiled it before every use and it was lightly used.The nail gun worked fine for the first half box of nails.Then for the first five trigger pulls at the start of the day , it would only go Pssss , then it would start working and give no more problems for the rest of the day.Now after almost using a full box of nails , it will not work at all . It will only go Pssss .
 Not hard to install , but my floor is high in the middle and the edges do n't seal tightly . Did n't solve my problem . Not sure it worked any better than a normal seal . Appears to need to be caulked between the metal strip and the door to prevent water from going in .
 I typically wear a medium & could barely get my hand in the glove . Go up one size , I need to return mine for a large -LRB- at least -RRB- .
 The size chart says the size S gloves are for 61/2 to 7 inches circumference . My hand is 63/4 . They fit fine in circumference but the fingers are much too short and very uncomfortable . I 'm also surprised a gardening glove is white since mine tend to get very dirty . These are made by Louisville Slugger so I think they just slapped another label on their batting gloves .
 I have searched and searched for a truly durable garden glove that is also made of a thinner material for hot weather . So many garden gloves are too heavy and the lighter made gloves do n't outlast a season . I thought these were described as a lighter glove , they are not . I am also a tall woman and wear a womens L . These gloves were too tight at a size XL ! They fingertips are reinforced in which makes all the difference as far as wear goes in a garden glove.I had to return them .
 As you can see , this is supposed to be a 5 '' vent . That size is needed by many portable air conditioners . Unfortunately , although the shipping invoice will also say it is 5 '' , what arrives is a 4 '' vent . In fact , if you go to that product page , under Product Dimensions it says
 This offers a lot of bits but if you are thinking the bit holder is magneticto hold the screws you would be wrong . What a ridiculous design ! At $ 30 it is also overpriced . I paid $ 13 and I still feel ripped off .
 The periscope vent idea is a great idea overall , however , whoever designed this particular vent did n't know what he/she was doing . First of all , it does n't even come with the needed clamps . Thankfully , I already had some . Second , the collars are only about .5 '' long and barely cover the dryer vents on my dryer and the wall vent . Third , one of the collars was too small to go over the dryer vent on the backside of the dryer , yet it was too big to slide inside the dryer vent . I had to match the ends together and use metal tape to tape them together and create a seal , which I 'm sure I 'll be replacing in a few months . Lastly , the metal was bent in several places and I spent a good hour straightening it out so that the two ends would slide properly without catching . Also , I ended up sealing the two pieces together where they overlapped one another with more of the metal tape to create an airtight seal due to the fact that , once I started my dryer up , I could feel a small amount of air leaking out.The only reason I 'm not sending it back is because it 's such a pain in the rear end to do so . And I have laundry piling up and ca n't wait another week .
 This long wordy description manages to not tell us what the lumen output of these bulbs are , which I believe is a legal requirement for at least the packaging . 20,000 hours burning 60 watts with the output of a Christmas light is going to hurt the wallet at $ 3 a bulb when compact fluorescents are $ 2 a bulb in the same quantity package at Wal-Mart .
 I thought this was a beautifully made product until I used it for a year . Everything was fine until I discovered that the nozzles would n't stay put on the end of the device . They would blow off when the water was put on , and became increasingly difficult to swap out . I discovered that this was due to the fact the manufacturer chose to use mild steel ball bearings in the four bullet catches that hold the nozzles in place inside the handle unit . It 's incredible to me that they would do so , when absolutely everything else on the unit is made of brass . The whole idea is that the sprayer should not corrode . It is used with water , for crying out loud ! After a few months , the bearings had started to rust , and now they wo n't function properly , making it almost impossible to insert the nozzles far enough to catch properly , and stay put . I ca n't get the damn thing apart to replace the bearings , since whatever parts screw together , are completely hidden from view , and in lieu of specific instructions on how to disassemble , it would be very easy to kill this thing by deforming or breaking it entirely by trying useless maneuvers . They really should have spent the extra .05 cents to get stainless steel bearings . Duh !
 Cheaply made , cheaply packaged , and guess what , it did last any longer than an ordinary bulb , if that . Shocked to see on the flimsy package `` Made In The USA '' - but somehow doubt it is . Aero-Tech does n't seem to exist outside of Amazon . Save your money , buy a compact fluorescent lamp .
 The Xanex `` Generator '' is n't a generator at all ; it 's a small rechargeable battery combined with a lamp and one of those cheesy little battery powered tire pumps that sometimes come in roadside emergency kits . In other words it 's a collection of cheesy tools at a premium price.If you want a real generator , get a Honda , but be prepared to spend three times as much . And if you want a portable battery/charger package for running accessories and emergency car starting , there are better units .
 We had the problem noted below but the mfg. did the right thing and replaced it . Terrific and appreciate integrity.We charged it immediately and put it away for our first power failure that did n't happened until last night -LRB- almost a year after buying it -RRB- . It did n't work . One of the fluorescent tubes lit but it would n't take a very small LCD TV.And we ca n't figure out how to contact Amazon about taking it back or exchanging it.Very disappointing from two aspects
 I followed the charging instructions for the Power Pack 300 C . After 48 hours of AC charging , the light was still amber instead of green . The manual said , if the light was amber , wait 15 mins and press a button on the unit that would reveal the charging level . I did this and the unit said it was fully charged . The Power Pack ran a 40 watt table lamp for 4 hours as promissed!However the next time I charged the system the same thing happened . The light was Amber . After waiting 30 mins I pressed the button on the unit but this time it registered `` RED '' . I moved the unit to another outlet and charged it for another 48 hours . Same Result -LRB- RED -RRB- ! I plugged in the 40 watt table lamp and it lasted only 20 mins.I love the idea Xantrex had for a portable electronic generator , however their execution came up a little short on this one . The unit is going back !
 I purchased 2 of these Xantrex compressors . I planned on keeping one the trunk in case of a tire emergency . What a joke !! The compressor started to make a horrible noise about 2 minutes into the tire inflation and never worked again . Well , I had the `` spare '' compressor , but the same thing happened to it.I contacted the company by email and was given a confirmation number stating that technical support would contact me -- that was last week and I am still waiting for an answer . I am very disappointed with the product and more disappointed in the `` support '' , which was just as useless as the item .
 this light is not all what it claims to be ! it is ok as a spare one but not as your only small light .
 I received this on Thursday afternoon . Installed it on my linen closet door on Thursday evening . Tested it several times to make sure it was working properly . There were no problems . Over the next two days , I went in a couple of times . Again , no problems . This morning -LRB- Sunday -RRB- , I went in for a pillowcase . I shut the door as usual , heard the catch , but the door popped right back open . I checked both parts . Each was securely where it should be . Nothing had shifted.I tried to shut it a couple more times and each time I heard it catch , but the door still popped open . I even shut it and held it a few seconds thinking that might help . It did n't . It will be going back.On an additional note , there were no instructions with the parts . Not a problem , it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure it out . It was also smaller than I had expected . There were two sets of screws , one for each part . The set for the piece that goes on the door -LRB- I 'm guessing since there were no instructions -RRB- were extremely small . I did n't think they would hold up to regular pulling . Luckily -LRB- if you want to look at it that way -RRB- I had ordered two sets . I used the big screws for both parts.But I guess it was all for naught since it was n't the screws that failed .
 Freud 99-280 Recoverable Bead Glass Door Bit Set , do a beautiful job once you have zeroed in on the right settings . However doing that is a VERY difficult job , and is really frustrating . The problem is exacerbated by the fact that Freud mysteriously provides no instructions , diagrams or even any recommendations for their use . I have tons of Freud blades and router bits , and my biggest complaint is they almost never have any instructions . The biggest problem with this bit set is when you remove the glass bead . If you are of a 32nd of an inch the tenons will be either to short or to long , and in the earlier case there is no way to correct it . I will still buy Freud products , but I wish they would spend a few bucks and create an instruction manual . Many of their competitors have already done so .
 I think the StreamLight company is great , BUT ... I have had nothing but problems with my Streamlight 51005 TwinTask 2L . First of all , be aware that the Lithium batteries and special bulbs cost an arm and a leg . Then , not only do you have to cycle through the triple selection LED 's / Tungsten/LED 's switch each time you use it , but the rubber ON/OFF button wears out quickly from the over-use . It 's a beautifully machined flashlight -- great looking -- but an over-engineered pain in the neck . I 've just sent it in to be repaired for the second time . At least they stand behind their productsOn the other hand , the two yellow , 4AA . 7 LED flashlights are fantastic and apparently indestructable . I 'd recommend them any day.Raving Dave
 I bought this light from a tool truck at work , about 6 months ago . I do automotive collision work for a living , and need a bright small flashlight.Used the flashlight for one week , then the batteries went dead . I had to search all over to find these unusual , and expensive batteries only to have them last another week . The led bulbs are too low lit to see anything , so the only choice is to use the brightest setting . The only way this light would be any good is to have rechargeable batteries.If you want a bright flashlight that last for 2 hours , then this is the light for you . Just be prepared to throw it away after it dies .
 provides great lighting , same as most similar products of this type . the flashlight does not have an on/off button or switch . you need to rotate the bottom cap of the flashlite to turn it on or off which means that you would usually need two hands to operate it on or off . very cumbersome and idiotic design which defeats the ability to turn the lite on or off fast with one hand . why would someone design a flashlite like this ?
 I don t belive it . . ?? i did not got . . what s i order ? , , they sending me , a reguelar laminate trim bit . . and i do not have to return it . . just go to homedepot , get an orther bit ,
 these are nothing than extreemely high priced trash bags . there is no way of using them on a dust collector . Other than dumping the dust collector bag into them . Why would JET offer them to their customers as dust collection bags I do n't know . A waste of money .
 These clear bags work very well on my Jet DC-1200CK , but they are way too expensive . Thus the reason for only two stars . If one is willing to purchase a carton of 100 bags it 's much cheaper to use a company like ULINE at www.uline.com -LRB- I have no vested interest in ULINE , but did a simple search for similar bags -RRB- .
 These bags are too expensive . I went down to the local hardware store and bought a box of 20 `` contractors '' cleanup bagss for thirteen dollars . They are made of heavy duty -LRB- black -RRB- plastic , and they fit into the dust collector -LRB- actually they are a little long , but if you overlap them over the retaining ring by a foot , they work well -RRB- . They are sturdy and hold up well . I have been doing this with my dust collector for the last year and it works well .
 For the price these should really be constructed better . A recent box had two that split along the bottom seam , and two that punctured within a few days of installing . The punctures were from debris sucked into the collector , not from anything hitting the bag externally . Unfortunately you usually find the hole -LRB- s -RRB- after you realize your shop is getting ` foggy ' . Hours spent cleaning sawdust off everything is better spent making more .
 THIS HAS PRETTY MUCH TURNED ME OFF THE ROBOT MOWER . ORDERED A NEW BATTERY APRIL 30 . STILL HAS NOT EVEN SHIPPED AS OF 5/31/06 , MEANWHILE , I 'M USING NEW BATTERY POWERED WALK-BEHIND . I DO N'T KNOW IF THE NEW BATTERY WILL EVER ARRIVE AND THEN NOT SURE THE ROBO MOWER WILL WORK WHEN IT DOES GET HERE AFTER THIS LONG OF WAIT.VERY POOR , POOR SERVICE.LINDA ROBINSONSEMINOLE , TEXAS
 There was no electrical continuity between both ends . Whoever assembled this it missed the wire -LRB- on three of the four connectors ! -RRB- . Instead , they adjusted the screw over the cable 's jacket ! Of course , there was no final continuity test whatsoever -LRB- no QA -RRB- . It is repairable though .
 the wire quality is cheap , the male ends would n't stay in the female connector - they were too thin , even after trying to bend them out . one of the plugs fell off on first use , one of the plugs was bent right out of the box . overall , a terrible product .
 It 's not terribly obvious from the pictures , but these leads , unlike every other banana lead , do not allow you to plug multiple cables into each other . I admit I do n't have years and years of working with this stuff under my belt , but I have still never seen banana jacks where you ca n't plug other banana jacks into the back of them . Pass these over .
 These are useless . The banana part is thin metal without the spring to make a snug fit . The plastic is thin , and overall construction is flimsy as well .
 I bought the Streamlight 51002 and was immediately impressed by the construction and how it felt in hand . The honeymoon was over quickly as I pushed the switch -LRB- too stiff -RRB- , experienced the beam -LRB- not bright by today 's standards , three modes
 This light is build very well but the output is disappointing at best . LED out is quite blue in color and not very bright by todays standards . The xenon is also dim and not focused . Not useful outdoors as light output does not project well at all . Looking for a CREE or K2 mod .
 Once the Streamlight Junior started showing up in my shop , I was amazed at how much brighter it was than my old 3-AA Luxeon Tasklight . Then I read that the Tasklight had been updated with the C4 bulb , and it is supposed to be almost twice as bright as the Junior -LRB- 95 lumens to 55 lumens -RRB- , I had to update . I was surprised that the new C4 Tasklight was way dimmer than the new Junior . After reading some reviews , I found that I could install the old lens from my Luxeon Tasklight , and it improved the brightness and spot light quality to almost as good as the Junior . I E-Mailed Streamlight twice , with no response . Until they work this out , the Junior is a better value .
 A few years ago we bought these flashlights for our maintenance people . I was initially impressed by the quality of the flashlight and the brightness of it 's beam . A few months after our initial purchase these flashlights started being returned because the batteries had corroded in them to the point that the end caps could not be removed without using a pipe wrench -LRB- and sometimes this would not remove them -RRB- . Of course Streamlight does not warrant battery failure . I should add that we use duracell procell industrial alkaline batteries exclusively . At first I attributed this failure to the hard life any tool experiences in a maintenance operation . I changed my mind after our director returned two of these with battery failure . He had left them in a tool box in the trunk of his car . They had never been turned on and literally looked brand new . Both still lit and neither could be opened by any means . By contrast , the flashlight in my desk drawer works perfectly and shows no sign of battery failure . I think the aluminum body combined with fluxuating temperatures causes the batteries to expand slightly and then corrode . This flashlight works great when left indoors . If you plan on keeping it in your vehicle permanently I suggest not buying this flashlight .
 I also had a problem with this flashlight corroding inside . In fact , I had this 3-AA model as well as a Maglite 3-AA model , and both are now useless as the batteries completely corroded and sealed themselves inside . I have numerous 2-AA Maglites as well as other brands , and never had such a problem , only with the 3-AA models . I only kept and used them indoors , and so I 'm convinced it has nothing to do with outside elements . Both this and the Maglite I used a handful of times , maybe 10 times over a period of around 6 months , and kept them in a drawer , and now useless . I 'm led to believe there is something not quite right with the 3-AA models . Though with millions out there , that would likely be tough to prove . Just wanted to share my very disappointing experience , as I had very high hopes for this light , I liked everything else about it .
 After using this blade i ` am very disappointed with the results that it produced . I used it to rip 3/4 '' poplar and it left more saw marks than the previous fine tooth blade i was using . I do n't know if it was ground wrong or what , but i was very unhappy with the results of this blade after reading what a smooth surface it was supposed to leave . Sorry i wasted my money on it .
 From all the hype about how great this blade is supposed to be , I was really disappointed when I started to use it . This is a relatively expensive blade and does not perform as advertised . I tried it out on a project I was working on in cherry and tried to rip a piece . The resulting cut was far from smooth . It left ridges and will require sanding . It does not perform any better than a less expensive combination blade .
 I ordered the cannister that was pictured as the 20 '' retro kit with houseing . What I recevied was an adapter , ie . the middle of the dust collector that accepts the bottom bag and the top cannister . I have NOT received the cannister fileter . I 'm trying to figure out if this is a two part shipment or if the catalog listing is just wrong . In either event , what I thought I was buying based on the picture and description is NOT what I received .
 I ordered the cannister that was pictured as the 20 '' retro kit with houseing . What I recevied was an adapter , ie . the middle of the dust collector that accepts the bottom bag and the top cannister . I have NOT received the cannister fileter . I 'm trying to figure out if this is a two part shipment or if the catalog listing is just wrong . In either event , what I thought I was buying based on the picture and description is NOT what I received .
 Really neat idea . Three levels of brightness . The problem is with the cheaply designed switch . The switch internally rotates with each depression of the button . The switch itself is smaller than a dime and made of plastic with metal contacts that rotate . Once the contacts fail to rotate then the expensive flashlight is useless . My flashlight failed before the batteries gave out . So I guess one set of batteries is all you will ever have to buy for this flashlight.I would only recommend a flashlight that has on and off . This type of switch has to be a lot more reliable . Also , LED light is ok for small flashlights , but I still prefer to have a normal light bulb in a heavy two D-cell flashlight .
 Bought this light last year . Nice light with three options low high and single bulb . Find the light is not very bright . For the price , better off getting new HID light . Picked up Redline Nebo . BRIGHT LIGHT . Good throw capability .
 I ordered this item through Amazon and upon opening the shipping box , I found that hard plastic display package had previously been opened and the lithium batteries removed .
 The xenon bulb is bright and powerful . The expensive lithium batteries only power it for a few hours , then your left with only the 3 LED bulbs which Streamlight claims give off 25 lumens . Nonsense ! My mini maglite rated at 5.3 lumens easily outshine those LEDS by a wide margin.Only useful in 2 hour XENON mode , useless in LED mode .
 I purchased this item specifically for its claims of long-lasting light off a single pair of D batteries . My most recent experience is that the advertised battery life of 80 hours for the 5 LED setting was reduced to about 5 hours in ~ 15 Deg F temperatures . I got the light for use in overnight trail running where I did n't want to have to carry spare batteries , and was nearly left out in the dark . I 've heard other complaints about the 3-way switches giving out , so that may be what 's wrong as well . I 'm hoping to be able to return it.On the plus side , it does make a nice amount of light , although I do n't really see any difference between the 10 LED 's and 1 xenon bulb to be honest .
 Liked Mag Lite , got tired of replacing batteries , and its a bit over large . Streamlight sounded good , more efficient design with LEDs and traditional Xenon combination and with aircraft alum construction.Realiy is that the construction is indeed great , equal of Mag . Problem is that the LED light is really strange flourescent-like blue that does n't project much light at all . What it does project is off color and tends to distort colors of other things . Find myself going for more light from the xenon quite often -LRB- and in process loosing the LED efficiency benefit -RRB- , but the way this designed , with 10 holes to accomodate the LEDs the reflector weakens the xenon into a short , limited beam . `` A '' for construction quality , but other than that this product does n't satisfy if you are seeking real brightness .
 i concur with what someone else said , that the xenon bulb is practically no brigher than the led , very possibly the led is brighter than the xenon , therefore there is really no point in having a dual purpose flashlight . i did n't want to leave a `` bad '' review ... but i returned this light for refund . i do think streamlight makes quality products and intend to someday buy a different model
 Without a doubt one of the worst new wave flashlights I 've ever tried . Yeah it is built like the proverbial brick house but the spot is weak , the flood is weak , it eats batteries . There are a ton of way better and similarly priced flashlights available on Amazon . I would not waste your money on this one .
 Did n't even outlast the first set of batteries before the thing just stopped working . I did n't bother contacting the company because I was so disappointed -LRB- and would n't even want to use it anymore -RRB- . I will never buy anything from Streamlight again . Performance is poor , the LED light is blue and the Xenon is a joke . $ 45 bucks tossed into the recycling bin -- wasted money . See my other reviews for a far superior light .
 The unit was easy to assemble . It is a bit on the noisy side , as other reviewers have mentioned . Also , it is sometimes hard to get stable on a slightly slanted yard . If you are serious about doing leaf shredding , then you 'll want to set the machine on top of a tarp and move it around the tarp as the piles of shredded leaves mound up under the machine.The biggest downfall is how fragile it is
 Machine is quick to clog when leaves are slightly wet . Requires frequent stopping to unclog . Red string cutters wear out quickly , have to be replaced often . I think machine would do well if leaves are completely dry , but that is not often the case here in Oregon .
 Photos indicate a large unit sturdily built like my 15yr old shredder . Not so , the parts do not fit together , the hopper is only 15 inches across and would hold only a small amount of leaves . The black hopper attachment is a flimsy piece of plastic , Guess where this was made ! I am hoping to return mine . Customer service at Flowtron recommended using oil to get the upper and lower units in place ! When that did n't work , they offered to send another top unit as there have been alignment problems .
 I should n't have believed the ad copy that said it would shred paper . Maybe it does a better job on leaves . I 'm a doctor , who has years of old records that need to be shredded . I 'd hoped to add them to my compost pile.The instructions were adequate , not exceptional . I put in just a few papers to try it out . The machine was quite noisy , as others have mentioned . If I 'd gone through the amount of paper I planned to , I would have needed protection for my ears , since it would have been hours at that deafening volume.One of the self-locking nuts that attaches the motor to the bottom part of the housing came off in the first * 90 seconds * . Mind you , this IS N'T one of the nuts that the user puts on , but is one of the nuts that is installed at the factory.However , I was still game to try , until it began snowing on my son and me . As many shreds of paper flew up through the funnel and on the sides of the unit from the can as actually landed in the bottom of the can.It was utterly useless for my need , which was one of the uses listed in the ad copy . If I thought it was safe -LRB- remembering the loose factory-installed nut -RRB- I might hang on to it until the fall , and try it on leaves . As it is , I 'll be trying to figure out how to send it back .
 We tried to use this product . It jams up very easily unless you just sprinkle the leaves in . We had 22 bags of leaves ; would have taken us an entire day of `` sprinkling '' to get through all those leaves . The legs are really short - what bag besides a paper grocery bag is this going to sit over ? And regular leaf bags are too tall for a garbage can , which it fits on.However , when it is grinding up leaves , it does grind them up as fine as advertised . We ended up packing it up and sending it back . We received the refund promptly .
 I tried only few minutes and I did not like it for two reasons :1 -RRB- not rugged as it should be . Both the hopper and the body are very unstable . Hopper was broken when it arrived .2 -RRB- shredded leaf does not come down smoothly . Openings in the bottom are not well designed .
 i bought this in hopes of shredding straw ... . nope , it wo n't do it . guess i 'll keep looking .
 PRODUCT USES 4 STRANDS OF .080 LINE - COMBINATION OF GAP BETWEEN ENDS OF LINE & HOUSING AND LARGE OPENINGS BELOW LINES CAUSES LEAVES TO JUST SPIN AROUND . GET BETTER RESULTS USING WEEDEATER WITH .065 LINE IN PLASTIC TUB WITH HOLE CUT IN LID .
 Just a few comments here . Below I have copied text directly from the product description . I will comment in ALL CAPS to separate my comments from the text of the product . Also in all fairness , I do n't own this item , but I 'm looking , and I just found these conflicts odd , lastly I can give them at least one big thumbs up in their add is Actually for a leaf shredder , want a laugh ? Go check out the Greenworks shredder . Their add rants about the evils of gas lawn mowers ??? How does that sell shredders ?? And then says it is not to be used on Leaves ???? At least this company KNOWS what it 's selling.Electric leaf shredder and mulcher21-inch hopper ; reduces 8 bags of leaves to 1 bag ; 30 to 1 mulch reductionUHMMM WOULD N'T THAT BE AN 8:1 REDUCTION ??? JUST HOW DOES ONE GO FROM EIGHT BAGS TO ONE BEING A THIRTY TO ONE RATIO ??? 36 heavy-duty cutting lines and legs includedOMG ... . THIS THING IS AN OVERGROWN WEED WACKER !!!! IT USES CUTTING LINE , NOT BLADES ????? 16 pounds ; limited 1-year warrantyWHY SUCH A SHORT WARRANTY , OTHERS OFFER MUCH LONGER ?? Product DetailsItem Weight
 I have had this unit for about two seasons on a 1/4-acre lot with a number of mature trees - tulip , oak , elm , and Norway maple . On average , we probably have 50 bags worth of leaves per year here . My motivation for mulching our leaf matter is that it 's pretty silly to be buying fertilizer and mulch in the spring , when the garden is making it in the fall for you . I have found that fine-ground mulch is an excellent ground cover for the winter and that it breaks down almost completely by spring.While the Flowtron 800 has sort of worked , I never was completely happy with the unit because of its numerous shortcomings . The Flowtron consists of a cone inside a cone that feeds leaves to a trimmer head below . On the side of the unit , a handle allows you to adjust the size of the openings on the bottom of the Flowtron , which in turn adjusts the size of the mulch coming out . The Flowtron 800 is a very lightweight unit , which makes carrying it quite easy . However , the bendy legs are short and not very stable.On the one hand , the low height of the unit makes loading more leaf matter easy , on the other hand it also means that you have to keep moving the unit around as you shred leaf matter so that the mounds of mulch do not come close to the electric motor -LRB- housed inside the black cylinder hanging from the bottom of the unit -RRB- . Otherwise , you 'll impair the ability of the motor to cool itself . This fall , my Flowtron finally failed completely after leaf debris bypassed the installed filters and clogged the electric motor , causing it to seize . While the unit has one external filter -LRB- easy to clean , on the side by the power switch -RRB- there is also an inaccessible internal filter -LRB- for a different set of air intake holes on the underside of the unit -RRB- which can shift from its installed spot and hence allow unfiltered air into the motor -LRB- which is how my motor failed -RRB- . That the makers of the Flowtron did not restrain this filter in any way is a design defect , IMO.Unfortunately , even when the Flowtron is working , its performance can only be described as marginal . Only if you use the driest and fluffiest of leaves and drop them in quasi-individually will it produce a fine mulch that does not clog the machine within 5-10 minutes . Any twig thicker than 1/8 '' and longer than 3 '' will typically clog inside the machine , preventing the rotating plastic trimmer lines from reaching all plant matter behind them . Thus , get used to turning off the machine periodically to clear any twigs you may have accidentally dropped into the unit . I found it helpful to use the time between dropping new leaf matter in -LRB- while the previous set was getting mulched -RRB- to search the next leaf batch for twigs . But the rate of progress is slow.Frequently shutting the machine off to check for over-sized debris is especially important if you value the longevity of the trimmer line that Flowtron encloses - the OEM lines wear very quickly . I had much better luck using non-OEM trimmer line like the 0.095 '' / 2.5 mm RinoTech stuff at Home Despot . Cut it to the right length using one of the existing cords as a template , then enjoy 5x longer performance than with the OEM trimmer line . But even the Rino trimmer line was no match for twigs . Replacing the trimmer strings often is key to maximizing performance , whether you use OEM string or not . I even considered going with a bladed trimmer replacement head , but then the early demise of the motor cut that project short.Also check the underside of the machine to see if something has clogged the exit chutes - it happens quite often - and if so , shut the machine off and clear from below . Watch out for stringy plant matter like Hostas - before the trimmer line can chop them up , their stems will wrap themselves tightly about the trimmer line axle . One upside of the open design of the Flowtron is that clearing blockages is quite easy -LRB- i.e. no tools required -RRB- . Like most shredders , the Flowtron is not a great match for leaves that are wet . But the Flowtron is perhaps more sensitive than the competition , as moist mulch will quickly clog the machine.I presume that the funnel-in-funnel design of the Flowtron is supposed to prevent the machine from ejecting plant matter from inside trimmer area , but it does n't stop all of them ... so wear good protection around the machine
 I imagine that Freud will be offering this set as a reconditioned item in the near future , judging from all those who have received chipped cutters due to the packing issue . Like others , I too received these bits in a box where the bits had come out from their indivual packaging and were allowed to bang into each other . And yes , they were chipped!I have liked dealing with Amazon in the past , but fail to see how they can continue to offer low prices when they continue to not learn from their shipping mistakes . While many prior shippments have arrived in good condition , this will be my fourth package that was not packaged properly -- two of these were NOT Amazon 's fault , as they arrived in the manufacturers ' had packaging . But Amazon certainly needs to pay attention to how they are sending these bits -- especially when you consider how dangerous it could be using a router bit that has a crack in the carbide . Let 's not have someone injured because of this ... *** Update *** Just received replacements for damaged bits . You guessed it -- they arrived exactly as the original order , DAMAGED ! Absolutely NO attempt had been made to package these bits in a way to prevent such damage . What a waste of both time and money for both Amazon and the unhappy customers .
 The item was shipped in a used box with no packing material - none whatsoever . The box was visibly and severely crumpled and the hard plastic packaging used by Freud to hold the router bits in place had come open . As a consequence , the router bits were damaged -LRB- the carbide tip was chipped -RRB- . I followed the procedure for the return policy , which provided an email directly to Turtle Tools . I sent two emails , however , neither email received a response . I also called the phone number , however , the voice mail box was full . As the return policy is 15 days from receipt of the item , I decided to return the item to Turtletools using the address on the original shipping box . I 'm out $ 10 for the cost of shipping the return . Although the Turtletools return policy states that a Return Goods Authorization -LRB- RGA -RRB- must be included , they do n't tell you where you can find one . So I made one up that included all pertinent information . The most disappointing aspect of this whole ordeal is that Amazon does not actively seek feedback on rogue vendors . How can they maintain the public trust if there is no accountability for bad vendors ? There should be a link on their site to report incidents like this . Not only do they not have a link , they do n't even provide you with a telephone number to report problems . I 'm still waiting to see if either Turtletools or Amazon will step up and resolve the situation .
 Yep mine arrived chipped as well . One day they might get the message . All they would need to do is tape the packaging shut
 Pay attention to the reviews before you order -- the packaging on these bits is terrible . It would appear that Amazon ignores the reviews because customers have had problems with this product for several years . I read the reviews and decided to try my luck . Sure enough , I lose . The bits arrived with chips on the cutters because of the poor packaging . The plastic was open -LRB- as if it had been returned and then shipped right back out -RRB- and it was in a lightly padded paper mailing envelope with no invoice or receipt included . The bits were loose and rattling about.They look like Freud seconds . They do not have the customary Freud red on them . One was manufactured in 11/09 and the other in 12/09 , according to the stamping on the shanks.The price was good -- other dealers sell the set for almost $ 30 more -- but because of this careless shipping my project is delayed . I live in an area where all of these kind of things have to be ordered or i have to make a two-hour roundtrip to the nearest dealer . I ca n't comment on the cutting quality except to say the single bit is sharp enough and strong enough to chip the cutters on the other bit.Amazon 's great return policy will get my money refunded but they ca n't refund my lost time . I 'll order elsewhere and pay the full price .
 I was all ready to purchase this bit set and read the reviews . Based on these reviews , there are three losers :1 -RRB- Freud -- they just lost a sale2 -RRB- Amazon -- they just lost a sale3 -RRB- Me -- I ca n't purchase the product that I want at a good price.Amazon shipping is still pitiful . I have made over 100 orders with Amazon , and my shipping and packaging history could fill a book . Hmmm ... maybe I can write a book entitled , `` When Getting it Right the Fist Time is Not Worth the Cost `` Amazon has ALWAYS made it right by shipping out replacement merchandise . But they really should get it right and learn how to use more than ONE piece of tape on boxes that are always oversized and poorly packed.UPDATE
 The other reviewers are correct about the poor packaging and the actual item shipped . I received mines about 10 mins ago and I am immediately dissapointed . The bits are not the `` red '' bits advertised and one was rolling around loose in the plastic box they came in . Careful inspection revealed that the edges of both bits are chipped because of the loose bit making contact with the other while shipping . The broken chips are still in the box . These bits are now probably not as useful as they are supposed to be . I wish I could retun these but I live outside the U.S. and its a hassel to do such returns ...
 Unbelievable !! I open the Amazon box and the casing to hold the bits is open . I find the loose bits along the interior of the box . Thought I was dreaming but there was no protective cover on the bits and there were wood remains -LRB- gum/resin build-up -RRB- on the blades ... THEY WERE USED !
 INSPECT YOURS CLOSELY BEFORE YOU USE IT !!! Mine were badly damaged due to an amazingly bad packaging job . The 2 bits arrived completely separate from their product packaging , which was completely closed , leading me to believe that they were thrown into shipping box like that . When I put them back in their package to return them , I shook it really hard , and can not conceive that they could have shaken loose . Nearly every tooth suffered at least one chip , most of them very large , and 2 were cracked all the way through the tooth . If I used these bits , I 'm confident they would have shattered , and thrown shrapnel . 100 % amazon 's responsibility . I read another review mentioning the same problem . LOOK CLOSELY AT YOURS BEFORE YOU USE IT !
 These bits are being made with sub standard carbide , it took me 4 sets to do one set of kitchen cabinets . I returned them to Freud for warrenty adjustment . There reponse was '' To bad , we think you must be dropping them '' no warranty Sorry Boys done with Freud .
 After cutting your tongue and groove , you end up with a very lose joint to glue .
 These heavy T&G router bits fall out of their internal packaging and bang around in the box during shipping , thus chipping their razor-sharp carbide cutting surfaces . Not a safe situation to have running at 8,000-12 ,000 RPM . I was sent a replacement shipment , but it was also chipped . Wasted a lot of time with this one .
 Like some of the other reviews , my order arrived with the two bits unrestrained in a box that is way larger than necessary , resulting in chips to the carbide cutters . A simple wrap of tape around the manufacturer 's retail package would have kept it from opening and freeing the tools . I 've reordered but expect that once again I 'll have to return them because the likelyhood of the actual shipping location will not get my comments included with the reorder .
 Bit Set is fine , but whoever designed the packaging should be FIRED !! Amazon was great about sending a replacement . Arrived with the two bits rolling around loose in the box in * both * shipments . Bubble Pack has no permanent seal . Bits were bouncing around loose in the shipping box and Amazon 's `` Air Bag '' packaging did n't protect them , they just slid though them and banged into each other causing chips on the blades.Someone needs to let the manufacturer know their packaging is defective . Amazon ???
 I would really like to purchase this Freud bit set , but Amazon shipping destroyed two sets . Freud is great , Amazon overall , and Amazon customer svc . are great , but Amazon shipping wo n't go the extra mile and tape/bubble-wrap the Freud pkg . They said `` As it seems that the problem with this item is more widespread than we originally thought , we are not able to send another replacement . '' I guess they want Freud to provide better packaging . It 's a shame . I guess I 'll have to buy somewhere else .
 Ordered , waited and got the bit in time for the weekend - I thought . The plastic box containing the bits was opened inside the package . Some of the cutters were chipped . Looks like this is something you should not order form Amazon . They do a great job but packing these bits seems to be a problem .
 i ca n't evaluate the quality of these bits . They arrived damaged for both the original order and the replacement . It 's so easy for Amazon to fix the problem but they do n't do it . This is the first time I returned the tools ordered from Amazon . I gave it one star because i ca n't go lower than that .
 I did not take other reviews seriously and had to experience on my own . Very poor packaging , both original item and replacement came badly damaged . Router carbide tips were all chipped off due to seperation from original merchandise box , found them loose in the shipping package . One would think that after many returns shipping department does something to avoid sending packages back and forth , no such luck yet . I have to give customer service credit , they make returns as painless as possible , no hassle at all , except I am still waiting for my router bits .
 Very low quality . BNC connector is OK , but both of the alligator clips are misaligned and do n't want to close all of the way .
 I was able to do 4 loads before the motor died . Not very well constructed either . Kind of flimsy for the amount of money spent .
 We bought one from Amazon in the spring of 08 -LRB- 1 yr warranty -RRB- the warranty is n't worth much given you only use the unit within a short fall season . Our old electric shredder lasted 12 years and the motor was still going when we gave it away because the upper body had developed a crack . This one died the second time we used it this fall . Do n't buy unless you like buying one for each season .
 Do n't buy this product if you live in Michigan or any other location where your autumn is short and wet . This thing will not handle wet leaves . Period . The instructions tell you to not to put wet leaves in it , but here the leaves are never anything but wet -LRB- except this year -- 2009 -- which is unusually dry and warm , but this is the exception to the rule -RRB- . Usually our autumn is like this
 I regret to join the disappointed people who gave One star to this product , and strongly discourage anyone who would consider purchasing it . I do always carefully follow operation instructions , especially when it comes to expensive and potentially dangerous tools , and this time was no different . I do claim I was careful , I operated in the lightest mode -LRB- coarsest shredding -RRB- , and I periodically gave the unit some rest time while cleaning small twigs from inside to keep it from clogging and let it cool down . To no avail - ONE HOUR , that 's all it lasted . Then the motor started smoking and it was over.Further , if I have to rate bad customer services I 've ever had , this Flowtron company is the undeniable champion . I called several times the number they provided in the package , and all I got was answer machine . Each time I called I left a clear message and repeated my phone number , but none called me back . I 've seen bad customer service , been on hold for hours , but never ever had NO RESPONSE.I will be very careful not to purchase anything from this company in the future . There are other manufacturers of mulchers on the market . It was my mistake to disregard the negative reviews for this product .
 Assembly was easy and instructions were easy to follow . Following the instructions in the book I coarse shredded the leaves and then fine shredded them . Worked great for about 20 minutes and then stopped running . There was a lot of leaf dust everywhere so I got out the compressor and cleaned the dust out of the filter , motor , and anywhere else I found it . It starts but will only run for 5 to 10 seconds before tripping the reset . I 've had much better luck with equipment I buy from a discount chain -LRB- can I say HF 's name here ? -RRB- -- I pay half as much and they are more durable . If you are willing to spend this much save your pennies a little longer and buy a real leaf/lawn vacuum . Besides chopping up the leaves it will save you from most of the raking.To be fair , the manufacturer repaired the shredder and it has worked better since the repair . I would raise the rating to three stars at this point .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT , or any product from this company . This is the kind of company that tarnishes Amazon 's image . I purchased a LE-900 and it came to me with parts and hardware missing . The unit itself is flimsy in construction and not very well designed , as many parts , like the upper and lower hopper are out of alienment . I 'm a mechanical engineer and I know marginal design when I see it . Having said that , I thought I could cobble the thing together , if I had the missing parts . Adding insult to injury , when I called the company to get the missing parts the customer service guy was rude and uncooperative . He actually argued with me about procedure and policy in matters of missing items . Enough already , who needs the frustration !! I 'm boxing this unit up and sending it back !
 Worked great at first . Used it for light duty mulching for two seasons . It was only used about an hour a day 3-4 days per season . Pulled it out on Saturday to use and it worked great for one day . I went to use it the following day , and before I could even load leaves into it the motor died . When not in use it was stored covered and in the garage . Will not be repurchasing .
 It made it into the second year motor started sounding funny I changed the trimmer line noticed the motor shaft was very hot turned it on without the cutting line on the shaft was wobbling back and forth like the top bearing was shot 136.00 for a season and a half you decide if that is a good deal .
 I purchased this to help mulch the large amount of pine needles I get in my yard each year . It did a great job mulching . And I loved using the pine needle mulch in my flower beds . It got used only 2-3 times in the summer , but for extended time periods -LRB- takes about a half day to clear up all the pine needles -RRB- . I think I was pretty reasonable about not overloading , and pine needles are very light , but the motor burned out after only a year and half -LRB- after warranty had expired -RRB- . That really is not a good return for what the product cost .
 Anything other than soft dry leaves will cause the flimsy string trimmer line -LRB- the `` blade '' -RRB- to break instantly . A single twig 1/4 '' in diameter or a watermelon rind is enough . It does n't work well for paper either.If you want nicely mulched leaves , use a bagging lawnmower instead . We do n't even have any grass , but we use a small electric lawnmower instead to chop up our leaves/sticks/kitchen scraps/paper for composting and it works beautifully .
 I bought this unit last fall . It 's light and easy to set-up and use , but after one fall it 's pretty much shot . I made about 100 cuft of mulch from the leaves in my yard . In processing that many leaves I inevitably put some sticks , bark and small rocks through the unit . After that , the main body of the unit has three holes punched in it and several cracks one of which runs about one third of the way around . I 'll need to get a new shredder for this fall .
 I did not really need this item , because i was of the opinion that the leaves would be shredded more fine that it is doing now , so i have used it once , and thats it . Winston Stoute .
 The motor died the 2nd time I used it . Buy a blower/mulcher or mower/mulcher instead . This is a complete waste of money !
 This device worked , if we were very careful about not putting very many pine needles or leaves into it at a time , for about an hour . Then it died . So we returned it .
 Jams easily . Clearing the jam could cost you a finger . Not an efficient piece of equipment .
 I would not recommend this product . I knew in advance that it had its limitations - just about anything will clog it and cause it to stop working . However , the motor on ours quit working shortly after we began using it . I called the company and to their credit , they mailed me a new motor . I thought to myself during that call that they seemed to really grasp the issue - almost like it was a recurring problem . Anyway , the second motor also stopped working shortly after installation . The company 's warranty policy seems to be something like `` you mail it in at your expense and we will look at it . '' No refunds . I 've already sunk enough time and money into this product . Bottom line , maybe we got a dud - twice - but the product is junk , in my opinion . Save your money and deal with people who stand behind what they sell
 I purchased this before I knew what is really required for my lawn . I have a wooded lawn where I have plenty of leaves and twigs falling from Spring to Winter.This product uses replaceable plastic strings to shred the leaves and they are NOT effective when they hit a twig . The plastic strings just disintegrate and are gone within a few minutes if your pile has a couple of twigs.Now I am in the market for a shredder/mulcher which can handle twigs and leaves .
 Parts missing , instructions do n't match parts , flimsy construction , under-powered motor that burns out in a week . If you only want to shred a bag or two of dry leaves then this product is for you . Otherwise , do n't bother with this piece of garbage .
 I bought one of these a year ago . As other reviews say , it 's slow-going , especially if the leaves are wet , as they always are when fall rolls around here in rainy Vancouver . Still it gets the job done , until it breaks , that is.The basic idea of putting a weed-whacker in an enclosure is a good one . The problem here is the execution . The plastic container broke in several places soon after we used it for the first time -LRB- last fall -RRB- . I was able to deal with that by adding four bolts . I then discovered the threads on the nylon screw that holds the nylon-cutter-holder to the shaft of the motor were stripped . It 's an odd size , probably metric . There are other problems . Enough ! I just posted a freebee ad for it in Craigslist . At this point I just want it gone.For its price , I did n't expect sterling quality , but neither did I expect complete junk . I 'd say $ 60 would be a fair price for it . It seems like someone worked up an initial design , then employed every conceivable measure to minimize its cost of production .
 I found the scoop hard to assemble and the entire unit to be very cheaply made . It does chop the leaves dumped into it very well ... when it works . I had to change the line five times in the course of an hour . If you have pristine dry leaves without twigs or acorns if will probably work -LRB- although you must wear the supplied safety glasses or you will get an eyeful of dust -RRB- . My yard has wet leaves with tiny branches hidden in the refuse so it constantly jammed the unit , once I had to find the reset switch to get going again . It 's now stored in my basement and I consider it a $ 200 piece of junk to donate to the thrift store someday .
 I used this twice according to instructions and it no longer works . I specifically bought it because it had a pine needle setting , but I would not recommend it for this . I am also disappointed with the service help I have received . It is unclear to me who is reponsible to take care of the non-working product - Amazon or Flowtron .
 I just burned out my second one ! The first thing that gets me about this item is that they come with a 5A motor , not 8A as described -LRB- I mean , just turn the thing over and it says 5A right on it , not to mention the breaker is 5A ... -RRB- . The motor is also not sealed or dust proof - which would make more sense on something like this that is a dust , particle producing machine.Needless to say - I hate this thing ! I have hundreds of bags of leaves to mulch and I get through about 20 dry bags of maple leaves and the motor burns out on me ? This is crazy ! You would think they would lose money selling these crappy motors , but apparently there are enough people who buy them and keep them with dead motors or something.At least I bought from Amazon and I can keep getting replacements or my money back . I guess I will have to figure something else to get my leaves chipped up . : -LRB-
 The product was shipped on time and service from Amazon was good . The product was not easy to assemble , and appears to be cheaply made . While it eventually does what it claims to do -LRB- shred leaves -RRB- , it is slow and tedious . I have to put the leaves into the machine and coax them through the grinder . I should have bought a blower/vacuum combination with a metal blade . I would have gotten a better price value for my money .
 Total design disaster . I had no problem putting the legs on this thing , but the top circular piece refuses to stay together and in place . I spend more time repairing it -LRB- with ducktape -RRB- than I do mulching leaves . Perhaps at $ 53 it 's a deal , but not when you pay full price -LRB- as I did -RRB- . Also , be aware that getting twice as many leaves into a bag makes it very heavy and lifting the bag afterwards is difficult .
 I purchased in order to reduce amount of leaves and time to bag . This product can only handle a few leaves at a time . It is very labor intensive and takes too much time to load . You have to stop and un-clog the leaves if you put in too much . It will also not handle the small sticks that are attached to the leaves . Money would have been better spent hiring it done .
 JUNK Just like the other one star reviews.The motor wo n't last more than one year.Buy a WORK WG430 It has a much better motor .
 This is a great product and one you wo n't find in stores . It is well worth seeking out . This reduced my large yard 's leaf waste to a fraction of what it was - and it 's kind of fun to do ! One of the handiest things I have ever bought - highly recommend it . A little slower going when the leaves are wet , but it still tears through them . If you have a lot of leaves in the fall , treat yourself to this helpful yard appliance!Update 2010
 This shredder is a huge disappointment . It took two people to put it together , then worked a maximum of 20 minutes before it died . I put in nothing but dry leaves from last fall 's leaves and did n't overload the machine . I turned it off while I gathered another pile of leaves together but , when I tried to turn it back on , nothing happened . I checked the reset button , the circuit breaker , the power cord , everything . Nothing . This thing was dead after only 20 minutes of operation!I called the company but missed their return call . I called back ... 3 times ... but they would n't return my call again . I finally tried emailing them and received a return email a few days later telling me that they could set up a return in order for them to fix the problem or I could notify the vendor to get my money back . The vendor told me it was the manufacturer 's problem , not theirs . -LRB- Needless to say , I wo n't deal with that vendor -LSB- Burpee -RSB- again , either . -RRB- I 've never been so disappointed in ANYTHING I 've ever bought ! We have over 3 acres so we have a lot of yard-type machines and this is the cheapest -LRB- not least expensive ... I mean cheapest ! -RRB- , most disappointing yard tool I 've ever purchased plus dealing with the manufacturer is quite frustrating.I definitely do NOT recommend this product .
 This company makes two shredders . The one with three legs for 119.00 with a five amp motor or the supposed the U-shaped leg configuration -LRB- #le -900 -RRB- for 179.00 with a an 8 amp motor . . You may as well buy the cheaper one because they are going to send you that machine anyway . First , the Le-900 has a five amp motor not an 8 amp and when you as a consumer are paying the extra money for that motor and you get something else it is misleading.There was another review that mentioned this . I thought it must have been a mistake , apparently not . Which would mean that they are intentionally selling a product that is n't what it says it is.Second the leg stand is poorly designed anyway and you dont really need to use it because it just takes up more room where-ever you store it.This machine is designed to shred leaves . It is not a mulcher like it says . It is literally a weed wacker built into a can . It is loud , and it throws debris around the area you are using it.It does shread leaves , not at a 30
 we bought one of these a year ago . We have probably 40 trees in the backyard . enormous piles of leaves . year prior we had 50 + bags of leaves at the street , so we got this thing to reduce the number of bags we used . it did the job , but it went through every single cord . as i recall there were something like 25-50 cords that came with it , and the replacement cords are rather pricey . it would , however , be much better if there were some way to use weed eater cord off of a spool . That would be more cost efficient . i would not recommend this product .
 I bought the Flowtron in Nov on ' 01 . Assembly of this was not easy . Some of the parts fit poorly . Instrutions were poor . Safety glasses - NONE . Finally got it together , took it outside and ???? the moment you drop a stick in it you hear a high pitched whine and the strings need to be replaced . The thing works like a string trimmer . The problem is the strings are a royal pain in the rear to replace . The learning curve to run this thing is steep . It works best when the leaves are 100 % dry . Any wet leaves ... forget about it . It has several settings , from fine to coarse . Virtually nothing will go thru it in the fine setting.Question is ... does it chop up the leaves . Yep . But bending over and over to pick up the leaves is tough on the back . And changing the strings is a chore . And ... when you run out of the strings they give you ???? No order form for new ones . And you ca n't run to the hardware or home depot to get some because they are custom cut to length.Would I buy it again . Nope .
 This product is pretty OK , ca n't hold a candle to the machine it replaced . Buyers , be aware of what you are looking at ; it 's a string trimmer with a hopper . My first use was a big disappointment . The setting for `` wet '' should be defined better . I believe they mean fresh cut grass trimmings , not soggy from the unmulched compost pile . Further warnings should be given . Always wear safety goggles at least , or better still , a full face shield as stems , sticks stones and dirt will fly right back out at you . Hearing protection is advisable -LRB- 28db minimum -RRB- as the noise level feels like above 80 , like a vacuum cleaner . Never ever feed sticks , stones , pine cones or bark . The machine has a hard time with hollow wastes like lily stems and stringy greens like ivy and cat tail leaves . Watch the axel for spinning tangles , as there is no stripper or guards to prevent that.At no load the motor sounds like the second d above middle c . When the motor rpm sounds like a major third lower -LRB- the third note of Mary had a little lamb -RRB- you are reaching the load limit . I mention this because the box states that it can `` Shred as fast as you can load '' . In manual , it says to load one hand full at a time for wet , two hand fulls of dry . I can load a whole lot faster than that . To prevent overload it should be recommended that you sprinkle in the feedstock , not drop it in and listen to the motor pitch or risk overload excessive wear and breaker trip , which I did first time out . Take your time . To empty a bag of 90 % grass 10 % leaves from my John Deere rear bagger -LRB- 21/2 bushel -RRB- takes about 5 minutes . The Billy Goat bag , -LRB- 8 bushels take over 10 minutes -RRB- . For best results for fine mulch start with the highest setting , then run the product through again at medium and then fine . It 's much more work , but goes faster with less wear on the motor than waiting for the leaves to get ground up to fine in one pass.All in all , it 's pretty OK . It can do the job with a little practice and patience . It 's no roto-hoe , but they 're long out of business . Built a hell of a machine though . For an American made product , it 's rather Chinesey in my book ; the plastic cowling , flimsy frame . Note
 I purchased this based on a limited trash pick up . I have large # of pine needles . This unit does a POOR job on anything larger than old , dried leaves . It 's essentially a string trimmer in a box . The strings tear apart readily . It will run for one , or two hopperloads before you have to stop ... unclog it ... . and replace the nylon cutters.A VERY poor unit for anything other than the lighest of jobs ... -LRB- the catcher works poorly as well ... poor bag seal ... stuff flies all over the place ... a MESS ...
 My situation
 It does not go together well and does not work well . I would not by this for $ 10 after I found out what it can do . a piece of junk .
 This machine asssembles easily and works well . Flowtron went cheap on the parts as it flimsy construction and I do n't expect it to last but a couple seasons . For a few dollars more in better materials , they could have had a great machine that would last many years . The mulcher works well with oak and apple leaves . Sticks eat up the string pretty quick and often clog the machine . You are paying mostly for the idea here
 I had one of these previously , and I think it was slightly better , but maybe I just have fonder memories . I got several years out of the old one , even though I bought it used . My new one seems somehow less rugged , if that 's possible , since the design is n't rugged at all . I think the spinner head has been changed and now has additional plastic parts , because I could not re-attach a metal blade I had made for my previous unit and still had . The motor is -LRB- still -RRB- under-powered , and I 'm not patient enough to load leaves and things this slowly to avoid over-loading the motor and stalling it , while it 's making such a racket . . Bottom line is
 I purchased this LE-900 unit one year ago and used it through one Fall Season . It will shred leaves but also eats the line rapidly . You will spend almost as much time installing new line as mulching leaves . I contacted Flowtron twice by Email about this problem and received no reply . This indicates they do n't have an answer , do n't care , this is OK as they sell more shredder line this way or all of the above . The problem makes the units performance unacceptable and the Customer Support from Flowtron also unacceptable . This unit does not meet the standards I have come to expect from the equipment Amazon advertises and sells .
 This is a great item while it works - and if you can assemble the rickety thing . I do n't think they could have made it much more cheaply than they did unless they made it smaller . The second time I was using it , the motor stopped dead less than five minutes into mulching without any warning whatsoever . The company has a recording instead of live , phone customer service , so you get no help and no satisfaction . I now have an enormous pile of leaves in my yard , and not enough bags , time , or daylight to bag the old fashioned way . I am not happy with this leaf mulcher.When it did work , the mulch was great , dust went everywhere of course , but the huge pile of leaves was reduced very quickly . The string line that spins to mulch was very worn , and looked like it might need to be replaced after just one use . I was not impressed with this , and wondered if a better material might help it to last.My advice
 This piece of equipment lasted one 1 and 1/2 seasons of leaf mulching ! It always smelled hot when running . No amount of pressing the reset button will bring it back to life now . It runs for a few seconds and quits . I really need it this time of year . I sent an email to Flowtron about getting it repaired a week ago and have n't heard from them.I would NOT recommend this machine!Don ' t waste your money .
 fine for yards with one or two trees . First one I bought lasted 5 + years and this is doing about 40 bags/yr on my one acre site . Reduction is about 2 bags tightly packed down to one bag . Bought a new one last year , have done approx . 20 bags and unit is faltering . Definately more cheaply made than the previous one I owned . Underpowered -- have to feed the leaves in a handful at a time . Doubt this new one will last more than 2 years -- junk-look for something better .
 I bought this mulcher in November and have had nothing but trouble with it since . The motor is n't strong enough to handle the amount of leaves it claims . I 've had to clean out the motor quite a few times . The dust gets by the filter and builds up in the motor housing . Today the bushing that holds the motor shaft came loose and jamed the motor up and popped the breaker . If your not handy with fixing things save your money and do n't buy this machine .
 I bought my mulcher three years ago . The first year it worked fine . The second year , I did not use it , but this year which is the third , I had just began using it , and the top bearing in the motor came apart releasing its ball bearings , making a racket and eventually jamming the motor and tripping the circuit breaker . I thought it was materials in the motor but once to took it apart I saw the problem . I have only been used it on leaves ; so , I must conclude that it is poorly designed . Otherwise , it worked fine when it worked .
 I have a half acre of leaves to mulch in a forested area at my cabin . You have to be careful about feeding it ... no small branches . I spent too much time going through the pile of leaves that I raked removing small branches , e.g. 1/4 inch diameter .
 This thing can not handle leaves of any kind and is poorly made . The motor choked on just a few handfuls of leaves , the base is very unsteady and wobbly and the cutting lines wore down to nubs in about 30 seconds . If you like spending your time replacing the cutting lines repeatedly and barely spending time mulching leaves , then this thing is the mulcher for you . This contraption saved no time whatsoever and caused more headache than it 's worth . I am demanding a refund from Amazon.com for selling me this substandard gimmick that has no use in yardwork .
 The funnel does not fit properly , simple as that . Motor is strong and chomps leaves , but it tends to get clogged . Your instinct is to clear the mess w / your hand , bad idead.I would only recommend this unit for a 1/3 acre lot w / maple or other soft leaves.Plastic `` blades '' are easy to change.You definitely need ear protection and a good dust mask to operate.I will use this item cautiously , but in hind site , I would not have bought it . Terrible w / oak leaves.Also storage space is a hog for what it does .
 This piece of junk lasted one small yard 's worth -LRB- 8 bags -RRB- before it died ! No amount of pressing the reset button would bring it back to life again.All I got from Flowtron when I called to find out about how to get the warranty honored was a voice mailbox and no call back after a week and two calls.Even if you decide to risk purchasing this thing , it eats through the cutting line like it was Twizzlers . For these few bags I ended up changing the line 4 times ! After other reviews ' warning of this ` feature ' I was very careful to follow the instructions to the letter - to no avail unfortunately.Don ' t waste your money on this thing . Move on .
 I bought this leaf shredder in 2003 Spring and used it for about 10 or 15 bags of leaves . It works pretty well , but is difficultto set up , the stand works loose with just a little use and has to be continually tightened . Parts are difficult to reorder.You have to send a check , the manufacturer does not accept anycredit cards so it sometimes takes 2 weeks to get trimmer line and parts that break . I have already had to replace the spool which holds the cutter line . I have not been able to find any dealer who carries the parts online .
 When this was working , I loved this item . Unfortunately , it only lasted one short fall season . The spinner head got hot and melted . It was replaced for free that first year . The second year I had to replace the spinner head twice in a 2 hour period . If you have more than one tree in your yard , do n't buy this item .
 This is a worthless lawn tool . No matter how light of job you have -LRB- perfectly dried leaves dropped in one at a time -RRB- it ca n't handle it . I sold mine at a garage sell for $ 5 and felt guilty for sticky someone with a worthless product . DON `` T BUY !
 Pros : * Can go where the leaves are -LRB- ie , in a flower bed where you can mulch and spread right in place -RRB- * Makes a fine textured mulch which looks nice in beds and quickly decomposes in compost piles.BIG CON : * Not for a yard with lots of leaves -LRB- we have 12 large hardwoods and smaller trees like dogwoods , too -RRB- . Though we mulch and bag most of the leaves on the grass with a bagger/mower , this unit did not last well even w / just the leaves in the flower beds . It just stopped running , period.For lots of leaves , either get a heavy , large , and expensive unit , or just keep raking , mowing , bagging , and moving the leaves as you mulch them ... and get good exercise , too !
 Worked very good when first used . Very loud . Motor burned out , my have been my fault . Contacted flowtron online site , NO replacement avalable . Must by whole new unit . I bought a WORKS leaf shredder instead .
 Probably a great product in the right environment but did not work well under our conditions . We were raking leaves not off a lawn but directly under oak trees and perhaps this caused the lines to wear down almost immediately . However , the service was great and would order other products .
 I was so excited about getting this product as our yard is full of trees.First 2 days using it were great.Then-stopped running.Hit the reset button-wouldn ' t run.Still not running.Had to hire someone to get rid of the leaves.I 'm so disappointed .
 PURCHASE A DIFFERENT BRAND IN A STORE !!!! Beware purchasing this item on-line . Product does not arrive with hardware listed included . After you purchase this item and receive it - it is too late . There is notification in the package stating do not return to seller - call Flowtron . Horrible horrible customer service.After many calls of automated service telling you no one is available -LRB- during the hours of their listed operation -RRB- and instructing you to leave a message and they 'll get back to you - and , oh , found out they close early on Fridays . After finally reaching an operator and insistent on speaking with a real person , was promised overnight delivery of `` missing '' hardware - it did not happen . Calling back to follow up , Customer Service Supervisor adamantly refused to honor attendants promise . You can wait and get it in about a week -LRB- of course , not received it yet -RRB- or pay for overnight delivery price difference - but that will take a few days delay -LRB- she stated -RRB- while they stop processing , figure out the cost difference and eventually get back to you . Amazon requires customer to pay for return shipping if you return item - big chunk of shipping cost . Be advised - PURCHASE ANOTHER BRAND IN A STORE !!! Will update product performance if and when item 's missing product parts arrive . Hopefully - this planting season or next year ?
 After reading all the reviews I decided to put a load of pine needles in my 30 gallon waste can and use my Black & Decker line trimmer . It worked pretty well especially as the can filled up with mulch . No expense on my part since I already have a weed eater -LRB- Black & Decker -RRB- . Now I just need to do a little refinement such as a Lid for dust and particle containment and possibly some sort of a screen at the bottom so the mulch just falls through when it gets fine enough . Something to think about before spending $ 135.00 plus shipping for something that probably does n't work much better . In addition you do n't have to do any feeding of leaves , just dump them in the barrel and wack em .
 The first time i used it the plastic twines broke within 5 seconds , this was caused by small twigs being mixed up with the leaves , to be fair ? it does say the product is only to be used for leaves ! BUT when leaves fall you usually get some debris from the branches , if you do n't sort this from the leaves then you will have constant problems , the idea was good but unfortunatley the product design is not man enough to do the job . $ 100 + thrown down the preverbally drain
 The whole thing is lightweight plastic of fair to poor construction . Another reviewer complained about the assembly time , I found it fairly quick and easy to assemble . It is flimsy overall none the less and the two piece metal stand is `` coupled '' with a plastic clamp that can , will , and does over time allow the metal tube halves to pull out . The clamps on either side of the unit which the metal tube stand fits in also tend to come loose very often and you will need to tighten these regularly . On a positive note at least these are meant to be tightened by hand while the `` plastic coupler '' is held together with screws requiring a trip into the shed to get a screwdriver when it comes apart . The motor in the one I have , which is the `` BIG '' motor , trips the overload on the motor every few minutes while in use unless there are virtually no leaves in it . That is right there are two sizes of motors are available , at least get the big one if you think you need this shredder . Anyway , through a lot of trial and error if you feed it very slow it will shred leaves . When it works they do take up much less space saving you bags . Not worth the $ though . I have not used up all the spare plastic blades -LRB- very heavy gauge weed eater type string cut into pieces about 12 '' long -RRB- yet but I am dreading trying to find an acceptable replacement at my local hardware store .
 The Flowtron might be a good deal for $ 50 or $ 60 , but is a rip-off at the advertised price . This flimsy machine is poorly designed , cheaply made and difficult to put together -LRB- and I am well experienced at putting things together -RRB- . We followed instructions and did not overload it , but it continued to shut down every 2-3 minutes which required finding the circuit breaker which is inconveniently located under the motor . The second time we used it , the spinner assembly came undone and was lost somewhere in our pile of newly clipped leaves . That ended that and we had to order new parts . That said , we were happy with the mulch which made a good addition to our compost bin and vegetable beds . However , spend a few extra bucks on a mulcher or mulching mower . The limitations of this machine are not worth the effort .
 I first became aware of the poor quality of the shredder during the assembly . Cheap plastic parts that snapped together poorly , the leg bracing and its intergated adjustment knobs that would n't work properly . The product claims to be the ultimate shredder . Within minutes of placing a hand full of dry leaves into the unit it shut down due to an over loaded motor . After locating the circuit breaker , again another poor quality item , the unit would only work when small amounts of leaves were shreded which makes the unit almost useless . I would advise those who are thinking of buying this product to look elsewhere .
 I have 5 large oak trees on my property and they produce a mountain of leaves in the fall . It takes years for them to decompose into mulch if simply left in a pile . So after reading about leaf shredders I purchased an 8 amp Flowtron shredder and used it the fall of 2008 and for part of the fall of 2009 when the motor eventually burned out . I then purchased a 13 amp Worx shredder and have been using that since . Here are my observations about both models that may help you decide which to buy.Both shredders are basically inverted string trimmers with a funnel on top that directs the leaves through the spinning line . With both models you get nicely shredded leaves that turn into good dark mulch when left in a pile for about 6 months . It is a pleasure to be able to reduce a mountain of leaves into a manageable pile of mulch , saving the effort of bagging fall leaves for trash pick up and then buying mulch in the spring . Dry leaves shred faster , but they produce a lot of dust . Damp leaves produce very little dust and go into the mulch pile with some moisture which helps with composting . I prefer using the shredder after a light rain . The Flowtron fits well over a big plastic trash can which is slightly better for managing the shredded leaves . I use a tarp under the Worx which is fine , but I liked the trash can method slightly better . The Flowtron has some features that the Worx does not have , like selecting course to fine shredding , and adjusting the tilt of the bucket . I did n't really use these features and do n't miss them on the Worx.The downside is that these shredders require frequent line changes . The lines snap when they contact anything thicker than a pencil lead and to keep production up I find myself replacing them about every 5 or 10 minutes . I try to pick out the sticks , but inevitably some slip through and snap the lines . The Worx can use a slightly heavier .090 line , but it does n't last appreciably longer than the .080 . The Flowtron has a built-in line storage compartment which is handy since you will be changing lines frequently . The Worx would benefit from a feature like this.In terms of design and build , the Worx is superior . Its motor is powerful , it is nicely constructed and the power switch is easy to locate and operate with gloves on . Out of the box there is much more assembly time with the Flowtron . The Worx snaps together in a couple of minutes . And for storage , the Worx breaks down nicely to store in a compact space . My experience with my burned-out Flowtron makes me wonder if the 8 amp motor is undersized . I am still working my way through the 2009 leaf pile , but I feel confident that the Worx will get me through this season and many more .
 This device makes great mulch . But the motor did not last one season , in spite of the fact that I was careful not to put in too many leaves at one time and did not put in sticks . Flowtron should be more honest about the limitations of the motor .
 I purchased mine 2 years ago , and the motor has already stopped working . I am very disappointed in how short of a time this was used and already of no use but for trash ! Too expensive not to get more time out of . Do n't bother wasting your money , find another one !
 Initially the motor did n't work and was replaced free of charge . I went to pick it up outside of Boston at their company and was pleased to meet very friendly , helpful people . Unfortunately the product itself is not worth your time . The parts have broken over and over again . I was going to once again order more parts but after realizing I would have to nearly replace the entire thing I 'm instead going to order a leaf vacuum/mulcher which will end up costing less .
 If you want to make a small amount of mulch for a small garden plot this thing is fit for that purpose , but it 's extremely loud and will take up a lot of room in your shed . It clogs easily and the nylon string cutters need to be replaced constantly . Definitely not useful for yards that are larger than 1/16 of an acre .
 First of all , the quality of manufacture for this product needs improvement . I am referring to holes not lining up very well , also gaps when connecting pieces together ... basically a cheap feel to it . I could deal with all of that if the unit would only live up to its potential , I am all about reading reviews before purchasing stuff , so with an overall rating of about 4 stars , I was expecting a pretty decent product . The only negative views were towards the inability of the shredder to break down larger sticks and what not , which is not my intent -LRB- leaves only -RRB- . However , when I plug the shredder in and started shoveling leaves into the opening -LRB- 1 shovel really ... -RRB- , pretty much immediately the leaves were getting stuck at the opening b/c it is simply too small , I would estimate about 8 '' in diameter . Maybe other folks have very small leaves or something , but I think it 's pretty typical to have leaves around 4 inches in length . Hence the title , if you have the time to hand feed this guy , then by all means , I think it may come in handy for you . The unit IS very loud and it does create a lot of dust , I had the unit mounted on top of a 45 gallon trash barrel to collect the debris , but even when I do get the leaves in , the rotation of the cutter creates a torrent which vortex everything to the top and to the side , it 's no wonder why the leaves would get stuck so easily .
 Do n't trust this company !!! My shredder started malfunctioning right out of the box . Motor kept stopping . Seemed like loose wire , so checked what I could see . Did n't take case apart , to avoid voiding `` warranty '' . That 's where the big problem began . The customer support numbers given do not work . Ended up contacting Chamber of Commerce of manufactors town . They did n't have a phone number , and they told me the address given for Flowtron was now condo 's ! Transferred me to the Clerk of Court 's office , where I finally got a contact number . Contacted the most unpleasant woman I ever dealt with in customer support . Would n't honor warranty , but if I was willing to ship the shredder back AT MY OWN COST , they would look at it . Looks like I am stuck with a $ 150 piece of junk . DO N'T TRUST THIS COMPANY !!!!!!
 Bought the mulcher based on the claim it would also handle pine needles . With several Ponderosa pines we have tons of needles . The unit was a total failure at those . It was impossible to get all other chips out of the mix , but I suspect the cords were probably being torn off from contact with the metal parts in the bottom of the unit.Might work well on wet products , but we used 24 strings and got less than two bags done . Returned for refund .
 Really have n't had a lot of usage of this machine . I did use it on wetlawn clippings from my tractor bagger in hopes of making the grass clippings finer . It did n't perform real well . It could only handle a small hand full of clippings and then not to quickly as the motor would trip out and I would have to reset the switch . Not really impressed at this point . It does look like it will handle dry leaves better , but have n't tried that
 This product is cheap and broke down on the first usage , motor would n't turn back on , do n't waste your time or money .
 Machine was easy to put together , just follow the instructions . It mulches well , but the feed rate is too slow . The electric motor should be larger . I bought it because I have to bag leafs , it just takes too long to process . It compress the volume , but does not save any time .
 It does what it is advertised to do , but I am on my 3rd one in 3-4 years because the motor will soon wear out if you use it year-round as I do . I 'd be happy to see a more durable version .
 Purchased the Leaf Mulcher in 2004 . Having a small yard , I estimate I ran the machine a maximum of 25 hours . This past winter , it began making an awful racket and refused to run anymore . Upon examination , I found the motor shaft turns in a sleeve bearing . How CHEAP AND JUNKY !!!!!! The sleeve bearing nearest the spinner head had worn considerably , allowing such a wobble as to destroy the motor . I did like shredding the leaves , as they make good mulch for the garden . However , it was a real pain to use . Even the smallest oak twigs could break the line . The funnel never fit together very well . The stand was flimsy and the knobs would not stay tightened . With some improvements , such as high quality motor bearings and the ability to use larger cutting line , Flowtron would have a great product . Unfortunately , after years of people complaining , the company has not seen fit to engineer any improvements into the product .
 We had another one same kind for over 5 years . My husband loved it and wanted another so I ordered one . Arrive Nov 21 , 2012 and has totally stopped working . Now to figure out what to do to get a refund !
 The motor broke on the second day of use and had to be returned to the manufacturer for replacement .
 after 2 hrs of shredding the leaves , the flowtron LE -900 shut down . We were looking for the reset button and we found it but there was no reset button installed . This leaf shredder is NOT ready for the BIG job .
 From its first use , the circuit breaker kept tripping with each load . Had to return it to the company for repair . That process was efficient , but by the time it was returned , the leaf season was over . I assume it has been fixed , but I will not know for sure until next fall .
 ORDERED ONE , IT CAME IN AND COULD NOT WAIT TO USE . WIFE AND I SET UP -LRB- EASY TO DO -RRB- AND GOT STARTED . UNIT RAN 6 MINUTES AND CUT OFF . AFTER 2 CALLS WE SENT IT BACK , HAD IT REPAIRED AT N/C THEN RETURNED FOR REFUND === END OF STORY .
 Despite all of Flowtron 's hyperbole about this being the easiest way to shred and mulch leaves , this unit is not suitable for any sort of serious leaf shredding . It is only suited to very light use.The entire assembly is flimsy and under-engineered . Starting at the top , the `` extra-large '' funnel comes in two pieces which are thin and tend to come apart where they meet . Even after everything is assembled . But , a lot of stuff will get caught when you drop it from above.What the consumer drops in should be : - small -LRB- sycamore leaves are out of the question -RRB- - dry -LRB- wet materials , contrary to Flowtron 's claim that it `` effortlessly reduces wet or dry yard waste -- including rain-soaked leaves and grass clippings , '' result in repeated , frustrating clogs -RRB- - soft or otherwise fragile -LRB- any inadvertently collected twig , pine cone , sweet gum ball , etc. , that drops in will mean another string replacement -RRB- The consumer has the option to adjust the size of the openings below the spinning string-lines , ostensibly to render the particles smaller if desired . The setting for smaller particles means that the already strained strings will wear even faster as they spend more time whipping leaves up.The motor which spins those strings has an overload/overheat switch . Ours frequently tripped . A good design might have incorporated this overload switch into the main switch . But , it is inconveniently located on the very bottom of the unit , and the user must remember to turn off the unit before trying to reset it.Finally , the stand is awkward to adjust and set . There are two large knobs which , in spite of being large , are difficult to tighten to a point where the whole unit no longer wobbles.On the whole , I really , really , really wish we had n't bothered with it . As much as I like the idea of an electric powered shredder , I find this so terribly frustrating to use that I resort to using the gas-powered chipper/shredder instead .
 I bought the Flowtron with grand thoughts of mulching leaves by the thousands , saving me bags , money , and most of all , time . However , after using the Flowtron for all of 5 minutes , it shut off on me , and I had only put 2 scoops of leaves in the thing . What a waste .
 This has got to be the WORST designed piece of junk I 've had to deal with for a long time . DO N'T BUY ONE !!! Amazon , and any other dealer who sells garbage like this , deserve the loss of reputation they 're going to garner from it.Too bad there are no negative stars ratings - this deserves a minus 10 !
 I am disappointed in the leaf mulcher and I had to return it . The first day it worked great and I really reduced a huge mound of leaves I had saved from the fall and spring . However about 5 hours into the process , it stopped running and the reset button popped out . The next day my husband tried it and it would only operate for a few seconds and the reset button would again pop out . I had high hopes for it because I did n't want a huge piece of heavy equipment that was going to rip my arm off . This seemed to be the perfect light weight , easily manageable machine but alas it could not stand up to the job I needed it to do . Rita
 I bought this machine , or its clone , at Sears a few years ago . It did n't last one season . In fact , the first time I used it a part came loose and was lost , and it took a couple of weeks for it to be shipped . It 's hard to rake leaves without picking up some small twigs , and small twigs cause this machine to hangup . Someone needs to design a machine just like this , but with metal blades . Many of us do n't need the larger chipper/shredders that are the only alternative .
 Do n't waste your money on this poorly designed product . I read other negative reviews but decided to try it anyway . What a mistake ! Putting the plastic parts together was a major struggle that took two people several hours to accomplish because they did n't fit quite right . Then the first time it was used , one of the plastic parts broke and caused a chain reaction of broken parts which rendered the mulcher unuseable . Amazon
 This product is the biggest piece of CRAP . DO NOT purchase it . The handles did not fit properly onto the stand rendering the product useable only perched on top of a garbage can . Next , the lines kept fraying down to nothing and needed constant replacement . Within 2 days , the motor quit working.I was not using the product with anything but dried leaves - no wood or other hard items.Do yourself a favor and spend more and get a gas powered shredder with metal cutting blades . If you buy this , you get an upside down weedeater.PIECE OF CRAP !
 We have had three Flowtron mulchers in the past . All have just about lasted 1-2 years . . They were essentially the LE-800 . When we saw the Ultimate Mulcher , the LE-900 , we thought `` let 's go this route again . . '' It completely stopped after only three bags of DRY leaves that were picked up with a lawn mower -LRB- that is , pretty small pieces -RRB- . By hunting through the manual , I noticed a Circuit Breaker was mentioned . Inconveniently located underneath the unit which was on a barrel and full of leaves ... Great design !!! After a cool down period , I pressed it and the unit started ... So the improvement is that it now blows it 's own circuit breaker rather than the one in the house which was the previous problem we had !!!!! I would NOT recommend this unit but it is the only electric powered one available so unless you want to play the gas engine plus metal blade game , you are stuck ... You would think on a unit that lists for 150 dollars , they could spend an extra few dollars and put a decent motor on it.Post Script ... . I upgraded to 2 stars because I discovered that the unit had been incorrectly assembled as received from Amazon . This allowed leaf mulchings to be sucked into the motor clogging air flow and hence causing the circuit breaker to Blow . ...
 Freud LM74M010 10-Inch 30 Tooth TCG Glue Line Ripping Saw Blade with 5/8-Inch Arbor and PermaShield CoatingAfter reading all of the reviews for this blade I was very impressed with the recommendations of those who used it . I had been contemplating purchasing the Forrest blade as I do a lot of hardwood glue ups in my particular woodworking projects . When I received the blade I was anxious to see if I could really eliminate some of the use of my jointer , and boy was I shocked . I found the blade to give a much much rougher cut than my cheaper Avanti combination blade -LRB- which sometimes gives a gluable cut -RRB- . Not only was it a rough cut -LRB- saw marks -RRB- but was considerably slower than my combination blade . I tried the blade on hickory , poplar , cherry , walnut and oak with the same result on all of them.I would like to think that I got a hold of a defective blade , but I 'll never know , as I sent the blade back immediately and will not order another Freud blade .
 Here 's the breakdown : Positive :1 -RRB- Quiet2 -RRB- No vibration3 -RRB- Fast rippingNegative :1 -RRB- Saw marks visible -LRB- My combination blade rip smoother -RRB- 2 -RRB- Over price
 I bought this saw blade here on Amazon . I thought I was getting a blade that could cleanly cut both sides of melamine material . I did not . This blade is nice as far as the top side of the melamine is concerned but the bottom is another story . I installed in with a zero clearance insert -LRB- that I had made specifically for this blade -RRB- , at first cut it totally chipped out the bottom THOUGH , that was my own fault because I had the blade raised way too high to work efficiently . The farther I lowered the blade the better the chip out became on the bottom side . Eventually I got it to where there was hardly any chip out but the blade was seriously maybe a quarter of an inch above the 3/4 inch mel . Heres my issue , I was testing the blades chip out on small pieced of melamine , I make shelves and I cut full 8 foot rips on my table saw , this thing was nearly as bad as a regular blade in that respect . The top edge is fine but the bottom is chipping BAD , there is no mistake about it . I knew I was gambling when I bought this blade for 40 bucks . Tenru makes a similar blade that costs over $ 100 . I should have spent my money on something else . I would not buy this blade again if I had the chance , I will probably just be using this blade for making small cuts , I would put it on my miter saw but I do not have a chop saw with a 10 inch blade and a 5/8 arbor . This blade gets 2 stars only becuase I will be able to use this for SOMETHING at my shop , if I didnt work on small projects this thing would get one or maybe none if it were possible .
 Considering this blade sells at a premium , it sure did n't last long when i was doing a laminate floor using Pergo . The room that I floored was about 300 sq ft. About halfway through the blade was just burning through the panels , it was n't even cutting anymore .
 I have a smooth round knob in my bathroom which I found was difficult to get a grip on and to turn.I had a hard time installing this product because there was not enough room between the product and the door to use the wrench properly . So I had to move the product off center in order to remove the wrench . Consequently I was not able to tighten it very tight.I am afraid that the product will slip on the door knob and that someone in the bathroom could be trapped in there . I left the wrench in the bathroom but I do n't know if I could talk someone through using it from the outside of the door . I will use it for a while , but I may take it off because of this shortcoming .
 None of my shelves fit . Took a right angle to it and every shelf is about 93 degrees . I tried bending the shelf clips and warping the shelf itself . . no luck.Called amazon and they are sending a new one . Love amazon , it 's just Hyloft who has n't impressed me so far.update : Amazon sent me a new one and still the shelves do n't fit . I have tried multiple corners and angles.To make it work I had to unscrew the wall panels and then jam the shelves in , then tighten it up . Shelves of warped but I do n't want to hassle amazon again .
 I purchased two of them for my courtyard wall . After only a few summer months , the top panel one one of them is tarnished . The bottom mounts on both lights are splitting . I would not recommend buying these lights .
 Iguess thats it in a nutshell ... cheap . I never had an outdoor postlight at my house and really needed one for those dark nights . I bought this after looking at many lights , mainly because I liked the look of it and my brother has the SAME LIGHT and has no problems . His is several years older than mine ... was.I hired a licensed electrician to put the line out to the walkway and dig and cement the pole . After the cement had dried for a few days he came back and hooked up the light . Its a beautiful , 3 light lantern that does a nice job . At Christmas I ran lights around the pole . Almost a year to the day I bought it we had a rain and wind storm . When I came home from work old faithful was lit but crooked . The next day when the weather cleared I looked it over . The lights screw into a threaded pole , a cheaply threaded pole inside the light . The metal pole goes right out the top and you put the lid on and fasten it with a fancy hand tightening bolt gizmo at the top . This puts strain on the cheap thread holding the whole thing together from the inside . The tighter you try and get the top for security , the more strain you put on the inside fitting . Bottom line was that during the storm mine let go . The electrician came and noted that the piece that fits over the pole was split as well . He said it was cheaply made . I was disappointed , and I asked him to get me a new light which he did . The cut glass is beautiful but the metal is too thin . And I cant remember where I bought it . But it was this light so look onward , there are better lights than this one.sax
 These are not the high-quality professional clips you are looking for . These leads are made of a cheap-feeling plastic , and are molded to a very low tolerance . They just do n't have the crisp , precise movement of the good leads , and that makes them hard to work with . They might be fine for a student or a hobbyist on a budget , but professionals should stay away .
 I bought this item from RTE Scientific seller . When I received this item , I immediately noticed that this is not the same item as pictured . I 've used the same minigrabber before so I was expecting to get what was in the picture . I was expecting the product to be the same quality as what I 've used before . To my disappointment , the item I received was not even the same as shown in the picture . It is cheaply made and I even wonder if this is even the real Elenco Minigrabber that I ordered . When I contacted the seller , I received I reply asking , `` DID IT NOT WORK ? '' So I guess it does n't matter whether you 're getting what was represented as long as it does the same job . It 's not really worth saving some money buying form untrusted seller . Next time , I 'm buying something and it 's available thru Amazon , I 'd get it from them and pay the extra . Lesson learned !
 Wow ! These really are cheap junk . Unfortuntely the only good mini-grabber test leads I can find cost $ 44 for ten of them.I should have known better . Now I will have to order the better ones anyway and either waste my time returning these or wasted my money and throw them in my junk pile .
 The jumpers do n't extend far enough to hook around component leads . The hook metal is very cheap quality , it bends and deforms easily making it difficult to get a good mechanical connection to the component lead .
 Only 2 out of 5 actually worked smoothly . The remainder 's springs would n't retract . I would not recommend this product , even for occasional use .
 1.6 ounces ?? NOPE ! Try 4 ounces without the keys . Looking for ultra lightweight for urban backpacking -LRB- hostels -RRB- ... . this is not it !
 I took a chance , ordering this compressor from Amazon . Price was right and I _ thought _ Campbell Hausfeld was a quality brand . The process of ordering from Amazon was straight forward . But the compressor was damaged when delivered . An air filter was crushed . Amazon does n't handle part replacements , so I had the choice of shipping it back to them for a replacement -LRB- 300lb compressor on a pallet -RRB- or they would refund me the cost of purchasing the replacement air filter . I chose that , but then after running the compressor for less than an hour , the electric motor blew up . It makes a horendous screetching noise when running . But unfortunately since it 's past 30 days , I have to deal with the manufacturer -LRB- no credit for the time spent waiting for the damaged filter element , which prevented the unit from being run -RRB- . All in all , I 'm receiving fairly poor service on what appears to be total junk.lesson learned , should 've gone to a local tool supplier .
 If you buy the scissor jig you get something similar but it 's covered with a teflon like material . I like it better than the tool rest .
 I bought this jig mainly to sharpen the edge of cabinet scraper as described in the DVD.This is just a waste of money . It does n't matter how tight I I turn the knob , applying a little pressure on the tool rest change its angle.This is the only jig that comes with the JET sharpener that I have tested and that just is n't worse it .
 It 's a pretty faucet , but in my case it did n't hold up . Lately , I 've noticed water accumulating on the top of the sink around the spout . This afternoon I rebuilt the entire faucet , including new O-rings . I noticed water pooling up again this evening and found a pinhole sized hole in the spout!Every time I turn the water on , some comes out of the aerator and into the sink -LRB- good -RRB- and some drips down the spout and onto the top of the sink and counter.Stainless steel is n't supposed to do this.I expected more , especially after ponying up a couple of hundred dollars for this product .
 The box came with the wrong faucet bracket . Delta said they would send the correct bracket by mail free of charge , but that part was back-ordered three weeks . I could n't be three weeks without a kitchen faucet so I returned it to Amazon for a refund .
 Even using the shims provided , it was difficult to get a tight grip on the steering wheel . The bolt snapped off at the head when trying to tighten it sufficiently requiring me to find a replacement bolt .
 I was looking for a red Good Vibrations 120 Easy Rider Mower Steering Knob . I thought that I had found it . The picture was of a red one and there was no choice of colors to pick from . When I received it , I had been sent a green one . I guess that they just send whatever they need to get rid of . I wish I had known . I had passed on a green one that cost less at a store where I live . I wanted to get one that would not stick out like a sore thumb on my mower . Rather than go through the trouble of returning it , I will give it to my son-in-law . His mower is green . I learned my lesson . I found a red one at a Sears store in the mall .
 The color of the steering knob was not the same as they one in the picture , the picture was red and the one that came in the mail was a weird green .
 I purchased this spinner due to its appearance but soon found it difficult to install . It adjusts to large and small diameter wheels with inserts and tightens with a limited play screw , thus making it necessary to have it cranked out as far as possible while forcing it into the slot to connect . Even with two people pressing on it , it was impossible to make it tight . I have spinners on my boat and lawn tractors but this one was by far the most difficult to install . If you have a very large diameter wheel , then it might be perfect .
 I have had experience with two of these and both were less than square out of the box . This meant they were not on the same plane as the stone 's top edge and sharpend planes and chisles at a slant . I fixed mine by placing it in a bench vise and pulling on the arm until square as measured with a large carpenter square . This solved the problem .
 we have not used it and would like to return . we switched to another product.What sould we do ????? VM thanks
 I got the router on Monday and on Wednesday the motor burned up , I have to admit I was cutting cabinet faces which is a big bit , but not a too many of them and I was cutting and assembling them one at a time allowing the motor to cool . I had to send in my other router , a Porter-Cable 690 the same model , because it had a lot of vibration . So I now have two of this model , both had problems , I would go for the 3HP model if I had it to do over again .
 I chose this one because of the favorable reviews , but it would n't start out of the box . I took it to the local PC distributor and they offered to exchange it . After a week , I called for status and they said it was on backorder until mid Nov. . Bummer , but they did refund my money , so I 'm buying another one ... I 'm hoping the product lives up to its reputation . This is the 2nd time I 've purchased an item from Amazon where the motor did not work out of the box ... the other was the motor on a Delta jointer . It took 4-6 weeks to get a new motor ... tough sledding when you 're trying to work on a project!Revised 1/14/07 - I was able to buy a new router - same model . It 's performed very well so far with a fair amount of use . The switch is sealed and is not very large , so it 's difficult to tell if you 've switched it on or off immediately . This could be a safety issue , but eventually I 'd like to set up a switch that I can mount on the side of the cabinet so I do n't have to reach under the table to turn it on/off . I have n't had an issues with frozen bits getting stuck in the collet and it 's easy to switch between 1/2 and 1/4 shank bits . Variable speed is a nice touch to avoid burning .
 2XL only is not acceptable . There are Way too many foreign countries working for Tiny wages and expertise to make this product in the basic sizes . Only having something that is for Small Giants and Beer Bellies is Not acceptable . It is silly , actually .
 The idea of the micro pinner is to leave a virtually invisible hole . The hole the pin leaves is small but the dent the nose leaves is terrible . The bounce from the recoil and the sharp nose needs a redesign . I 've used other 23 gauge pinners and PC has a long way to go to be considered even acceptable . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I just could n't seem to get the thing to reliably set pins below the surface of the wood . At best , it would set them even withthe surface , leaving a nicely visible small shiny dot . At least 50 % of the pins would stick up above the surface How much work is it to fix that sort of thing.I tried it on walnut , pine , poplar , and white oak with only marginal differences between species . I ran the air pressure way up at the nailer with no success . Pin length did not seem to make a difference either -LRB- I shot quite a few 1 '' and 3/4 '' pins -RRB- . The only way I could get the thing to set the pins below the surface was to push the nose firmly into the wood . You guessed it , a noticable dimple from the pressure was the result.So am I crazy to expect that I can gently place the nose of the nailer against the workpiece , shoot a pin that sets 1/32 '' + below the surface , wipe some putty in , and then stand back to admire the work ? Such a nailer must exist , but it is n't this one .
 We are a professional cabinet shop . -LRB- Plumbridge Custom Cabinets in Duarte , Ca -RRB- We have 2 of these guns . Using 23 guage pins saves a ton of work installing prefinished trim !! This gun works fine at first - until you loose a rack of 1/2 pins inside the magazine . 30 minutes later , you have the magazine dis-assembled -LRB- not made to be easy to do -RRB- , and the nails out . You see , you have to move a slide on the magazine to the correct position for each nail length you use . Slide it for a moment the wrong way , and poof ! your little 1/2 nails fall deep into the magazine and you have to tear it down again.Then I bought a Grex P630 - a few dollars more , but the difference is so obvious . It 's completely impossible to jamb the magazine - the design and construction of this entire gun is flawless . We have never had a single problem with Grex guns in over a year of almost daily use . If you need a pin nailer for hobby use , the cheaper porter cable is fine I suppose . But if you make a living with your tools , I suggest you let loose the extra few bucks for a Grex - you will not regret it .
 When I first received this nailer I was in heaven , nolonger would I have large nail holes in the prefinished crown and trim that I use every day in putting up cabinets . The nailer worked great for a few months than it started to jam and miss fire , now I spend more time working on the gun than nailing !!! I am presently looking for another good micro pinner , can you recomend one ? I have a friend who has a sinco and he is also having problems !!!
 I could rant and rave for hours over this pinner but I wo n't bore you all to death . I purchased 3 of these so called pinners for my shop and not one of them ever worked . All of them left 5 of 10 pins unset and all 3 pinners jammed about every 7 to 10 pins shot . And is n't that fun getting the allen wrench out to unscrew the front face to unjam it every couple of shots . Now if it were only one gun doing this I might think I have a bad piston assembly . But when all 3 perform the same way , heh , yes it is a bad piston assembly , designed by PC . You would be better off with the Senco micro pinner or even better yet buy the cheapest and most reliable one out there that I have found to date , and that would be the Grizzly pinner , made in good ol' Taiwan . At least it works.And forget any help from PC , they are all clueless and all they could tell me was to pay to ship it to them so they could look at it and pay to have it shipped back to me.Bottom line , junk ... . Save your money
 Nailer wo n't set nails below surface of wood . Maybe it would in soft woods such as pine , but it wo n't get the job done in hardwoods . It does not have a depth adjustment . Such thin nails do not set easily with a punch and you wind up with bigger hole than if you used 18 ga. . This gun has been useless for me ; think I will see what I can get for it at a pawn shop and get a Senco .
 I bought this about a year ago and use it about once a week for pinning returns . Yesterday it stopped firing . When I disassembled it , I found that the slide that sets the pin size was bent where it came off the track . I was able to bang it back into place , but I think it will fail again . I like the size and shape of it . And before it broke , it worked like a charm . I wish it was better made .
 Major disappointment . First it would n't set the 3/4 '' pins below the surface of the 1/4 '' maple scribe that I was attaching to 3/4 ply using 120 psi . No adjustment to set the depth deeper . In softer woods it would set the pin , but leave a big dimple from the un-padded shoe . After about 30 pins it quit working . The piston would not return to its upper position . Cleaned and lubed and it still would n't work . I 'm shipping it back and am ordering the Senco . P.C. is catering to the hobbiest now days , not to the professional .
 This sink spots VERY BADLY . I have this sink in my guest bathroom and from the very start can not get the water spots removed . I am going to replace .
 Bought this to finish up the trim on the tool shed and I was disappointed to see how fussy and flimsy it is . Before I could use more than a few sticks of nails -LRB- it comes with a box of 1000 nails -RRB- , it stopped driving nails . After looking at it for a while , my tool expert friend figured out that the two shaft rails that hold the contact head were slightly bent . No idea how it got bent . Normal use . So he carefully straightened the rails and got it working again.Then , about 2 or 3 sticks of nails later , it jammed on the last nail of one stick , with another stick right behind . No problemo , it says in the manual , just flip up the easily accessed jam remover cover -LRB- oops , why do I need this ? -RRB- , but the nail turned out to be jammed so hard it could not be removed without disassemling the head . After a little more precious time down the drain , set this unit down and off to HD to buy some other brand . -LRB- This is all too bad , because my other nailgun is the Porter-Cable coil framing gun . It is a fabulous , reliable , heavy duty tool . Not a relative of the DA250 , I guess . -RRB- In the end , I got a Bostich D51275K 15 gauge nailer , which has already outlasted the Porter-Cable . Visibly sturdier and it has a few nicer features , as well .
 I bought the DA250A after owning the Porter Cable brad nailer/compressor combo for over one year . I never had a problem with either one , and was expecting the same performance , but I was very disappointed . It worked fine with the Porter Cable nails it came with -LRB- about 500 nails -RRB- , but it consistently jammed using Senco nails , gouging the magazine , rendering the nailer useless . Speaking of gouging , a new magazine is about -LSB- $ -RSB- , one third of the cost of a new nail gun ! I can see why Porter Cable redesigned the gun , but I am now wary of buying another product from them despite the good luck I 've had with their router and brad nailer because of these problems . Porter Cable should give a trade-in allowance on this poorly designed product .
 This type of stand -LRB- there are others on the market -RRB- has a number of inherent flaws that make it inadvisable for a mountain bike . Besides putting pressure on the spokes , it is too low to hold the weight of a mountain bike , the support arms can hit the derailleur and throw it out of alignment , and the movable side -LRB- adjustable for tire width -RRB- usually moves over a couple of notches when you take the bike out . Furthermore , as they are made of plastic , they are very light and the footprint is not wide enough to keep the entire unit from tipping over with your bike . Also if you set it tight enough to hold the wheel straight it does n't release when you try to pull the bike out and you have to push it off with your foot . I own a Saris version of this stand and have had nothing but trouble with it . My bike has fallen a number of times .
 It is made of plastic , a little bit wobble and there 's no hole to put bolts when connecting the vertical bars to horizontal bars .
 Look no longer , fellow riders . From the most unexpected place , Husky Bicycles , comes a great stand . Check it out at -LSB- ... -RSB- . Quality materials , low price of only $ 15 and a perfect solution to keeping bikes securely upright without stressing the spokes ! I had to peel an unattractive sticker and it made it perfect . Recommend !
 When you place your bicycle 's tire in the stand it only rests the wheel against the spokes . It 's not possible to see this in the photo displayed ... basically , any place you set the tire , it 's going to put pressure on the spokes to keep from falling over . Have n't continued to use it for fear of damaging my spokes .
 Product received was not as advertised . This bike stand is only good for bikes with 20 '' wheels or larger and does n't state in description .
 Actually this stand would have been great if the seller had n't left out the screws to put this together . Very disappointed . My first triathlon on Sunday and now I have to search for screws to assemble a product that should have come with it . Not happy at all !!!
 this really should n't be purchased . yea its cheap and it appears it might work , but really it does n't . the bike wants to fall over and it leans against the spokes . spend $ 40 and get a good metal rack that holds the whole back tire .
 I read the reviews , especially the ones about pressure on spokes and decided to buy anyway . I reasoned that if the bike is kept upright the pressure on the spokes would be minimal and thus safe to ignore.Once I assembled the stand and put my bike in , it became clear that this is not the case at all . First , the bike * always * leans on one side or the other , there 's no way to balance it . Second , accidentally bumping into the bike causes it to bounce back and forth - this does real damage to the spokes . Bad buy .
 I purchased this bike floor stand to park my mountain bike in my garage . The product description mentioned that the stand is made of plastic ; which I was fine with , until I saw the actual stand . This stand WILL break eventually -- it simply is not rugged enough for the use I had envisioned . If I had it to do all over again , I would have purchased a more durable metal stand . The other complaint that I have with this product is that the metal screws did NOT ship with threaded bolts -- I had to purchase after market bolts from Home Depot -LRB- 9 cents each , no big deal -RRB- in order to make this stand work . In retrospect I should have returned this product -- it simply wo n't live up to repeated use . I got what I paid for -- a cheap plastic bike stand . Recommended for light use . But for more active bicyclists , this will not survive the test of time .
 Doesnt really work well . Bike falls over still . Pain to assemble . Maybe it would work for smaller bicycle . Spend the extra bucks and get a good stand .
 I have a 29er mountain bike and I can barely get the tire into the stand and the stand will not support my bike . It 's plastic and very unsturdy . It might work well with a light weight road bike but its useless for a mountain bike.I 'll end up giving it to someone else who might be able to use it .
 Only use for the smallest of kids bikes , not for a full size person mountain bike its not sturdy enough .
 Too light weight to properly hold a bike in place , and the maker did not include the screws . I would not recommend buying this product . It is not worth the money .
 My mountain bike does n't stand level in this stand . Since I have oversize 2.25 inch tires , the stand must be adjusted wider than the spokes for the tire to fit in . The bike tips precariously in the stand , only held by the spokes . Additionally , the unit is hard to assemble.I intend to dump it for something that works .
 The design is fundamentally flawed . The stand puts pressure on the tire spokes . Consequently , the tire spokes will break more often than usual.I visited the bike repair shop 3 times while using this . A total of 9 spokes were broken over 2 months .1 spoke broke . Got it replaced .2 spokes broke . Got them replaced .6 spokes broke . Had to buy a new tire because the tire frame bent too much by this time.All spoke breaks occurred on the back tire where the `` Gear Up Grand Stand '' held my bike.Don ' t buy this . I put mine in the recycle bin .
 Initially I thought the wheel base was going to take the weight of the bike . Now that I have a chance to you the stand in person , I can see how the majority of the bike 's weight is supported by the wheel 's spokes and not the wheel 's rim . For those with pricey wheel 's , it 's a concern . Especially when using the stand for repairs and cleaning when there 's a lot of stress and motion .
 Amazon refuses to correct this ad , the cost is PER FOOT , not for a full roll . MacLendons gets calls 3 times day about these orders , was fully apologetic and encouraged me to complain to Amazon to fix the ad and use the correct description . They also offered a full refund .
 2XL only is not acceptable . There are Way too many foreign countries working for Tiny wages and expertise to make this product in the basic sizes . Only having something that is for Small Giants and Beer Bellies is Not acceptable . It is silly , actually .
 Using the fixed base portion of this kit has proven reliable and easy . The Plunge Base , however , has been a real disappointment.Having upgraded -LRB- I thought -RRB- about four months ago , I purchased the 693VSPK Kit . Immediately upon receiving the kit the plunge base sounded like the elementary school percussion instrument where the stick is rubbed up and down the grooved gourd . The plunge base was exchanged for a slightly quieter and smoother one , but not silky smooth in any way.Not having used the plunge base I thought I would give it a go while mortising a solid wood exterior door using PC 's Mortise Template Kit -LRB- nice tool by the way -RRB- . The template was setup and installed and the plunge base mounted to the motor with a 1/2 '' mortising bit and the depth set . Immediately upon turning the thing on the bit was contacting the template guide -LRB- Porter Cable -RRB- and was turned off . Having a job to do I figured that I did n't know what I was doing and would give it a try when I had more time to get it right . Door hung - job completed.Last week I was working on a solid wood french door and needed to mortise the locking bolt into the top of the stationary side.This requires a 3/4 '' wide x 6 '' long and 3/4 '' deep mortise . Thinking the plunge base would be a natural for this I set it up and installed a new 1/2 '' mortise bit , set the plunge base up for the max depth and min . depth of 1/8 '' for 1/2 '' long for the mounting screws for the bolt.The router was turned on and the bit contacted the template guide as it was plunged and totally destroyed the bit and guide.Contacting Porter Cable Factory Repair / Customer Service was of little help . The young man stated that they do n't get a lot of calls like this , but two out of every 100 plunge bases have this problem . When asked what he thought I should do he said to loosen the screws on the base plate and move it around a little bit . The screw holes are counter sunk and provide no means of adjusting the center of the base in relationship to the bit . I asked if I should return it and he said that they really could n't do anything to fix it . It is still under warranty so I faxed a letter to their corporate headquarters and they are now sending me a new plunge base and a replacement bit . That does n't cover the inconvenience or lost time . Nor would it cover ruined materials , bits or worse yet
 The Porter-Cable router , while robustly built , has as its primary weakness a collet that does not adequately grip the shafts of bits . I expereienced a recent incident where a properly seated and tightened rabbeting bit came loose and was propelled at a very high velocity . The bit glanced off the router base , struck the workpiece , and ended up being lodged in the ground . Fortunately no one was hurt ! Previous to this `` incident , '' the collet would fail to release bits , requiring a great amount of hand force to insert or remove the bits . Yet the same collet will not hold a bit in place during rotation.Due to this substantial weakness in the design , I can not give more than a one star rating of this router . Run like hell from this one . A user would be better served spending his/her money on DeWalt or Bosch . Even my cheap $ 80 Ryobi has never presented any safety issues like the Porter-Cable .
 I recently purchased one of these routers from you . I find that this is one of the most user unfriendly routers I have ever purchased , and I have five from Ryobi to Chacago machine . Right now my knuckles are bleeding from changing the bit . Had I known that you have to remove the entire motor from the housing and use two wrenches just to change the bit , and then put the whole thing back together , I would have never bought it . Also the adjusting mechanism is a joke . To rate it one star is over rating it . I assure you if this is an example of Porter Cable products I will never buy another .
 Before Porter Cable sold their name this was a great pneumatic company with excellant service . Now its just junk . If it breaks do n't bother trying to fix it just trash it and buy the cheaps thing you can find and junk it when it finally breaks . The FN250A by the orginal company Porter Cable was a fairly good nailer .
 I purchased this item from Amazon refurbished . It arrived leaking oil and the nail depth adjustment did n't do anything . Regardless how high or low I adjusted the air pressure the nailer was shooting 1 '' nails through 1-1/2 '' lumber . Save yourself the aggravation and just buy new .
 Porter Cable needs to stay out of the nail gun business . After buying the combo pack , I gave away the gun after the first day . It was the worst Ive ever used . As a professional finish carpenter and door hanger , the `` wire '' nails just doesnt have the strength or grab needed for running trim or hanging doors . Out of the box a small screw needs to be removed before even trying to shoot 2-1/2 '' nails which are the most common in this trade . I have used Senco , Bostich -LRB- which I think are the best -RRB- , Airy etc. . . My advice is not to even bother with this gun .
 This is the first power nailer Iv ' e used ... it beats the heck out of a hammer !! . . but the `` sights '' are sloppy and the blows are very inconsistant , seems to hit heavy and light on the same setting .
 This is the first power nailer Iv ' e used ... it beats the heck out of a hammer !! . . but the `` sights '' are sloppy and the blows are very inconsistant , seems to hit heavy and light on the same setting .
 This was the first nailer I 've ever used and I was thrilled with it until it just stopped shooting nails after a couple of small projects . I did n't even get through the tiny starter box of nails that came with the nailer before it died ! I took the nailer to a guy who repairs tools and he said that it would cost more to repair than to buy new . He also expressed a very negative opinion about Porter Cable 's dramatic decline in quality since they were bought out by DeWalt . From my experience with this product and the advice from a reliable professional , I wo n't be replacing this nailer with another Porter Cable .
 I bought these for my wife and I ordered the Peltor brand for myself in a larger size . These are a cup with a piece of sponge in them , she was vacumming when I received them and she said they were garbage , and besides do n't pay the extras delivery charge for speedy delivery , the seller just sits on the order anyway , they arrived just as if I had used ground shipping . I think they keep the extra couple of bucks for any price cut they might of giving you upfront !
 I bought this item for my 4-year old to use during the 4th of July fireworks . I opened the box and tried it on to `` test '' it and it did not block ANY sounds . I can still hear normal tone conversations , my kids yelling , the tv , etc. . . I was very disappointed because this item had great reviews . I dont recommend this item to anyone .
 This review is more about presentation as it is product . When viewing the product it appears -LRB- and I certainly thought -RRB- that I was purchasing a sprayer/boom unit . There is a picture of a sprayer and boom and the description is somewhat deceiving . My purchase arrived last night and I was blown away that it only included the boom -LRB- no spraying unit -RRB- . I had looked at a very simular product at Agri Supply that included the entire unit . I have not tried the boom out yet as I guess I will have to buy a sprayer unit for it to work . I have ordered many things thru Amazon and have always been 100 percent satisfied . This is very upsetting . I feel like the product was not properly represented . When I read -LRB- and see -RRB- a 10 foot SPRAYER AND BOOM and the description says 10-foot hinged sprayer boom , I thought that was what I was getting .
 These are not your Craftsman tool quality but for occasional use , they 're fine.I was disappointed enough that I threw one of them away before using it .
 Do n't buy this one it 's way too heavy , I ended up buying a steel/metal lightweight one . The lighter the better , this thing is more plastic then tool
 I had a simple small job for this bit . To dill about 2mm of a hole with a small amount of the screw left in it . Most of the screw had been drilled out with a smaller bit I already owned from Home Depot . The tip of the bit ground away and did n't make the slightest bit of progress . Worthless . Less than one star really .
 I bought these because I am disabled and have been trying to learn to do different crafts and just basic playing around with building things . I remembered a friend of mine -LRB- An airplane mechanic -RRB- had a pair of these -LRB- Not this brand -RRB- to twist wire together . If you are looking for a cheap pair of twisters this is a good product ... however the design of the lock does n't hold very well under tension -LRB- it tends to come loose at very inopportune times -RRB- . However since I am not a professional it will work for the small rinky-dink projects I bought it for . I would suggest going with one of the more expensive types that would have a little better locking mechanism on them .
 I ordered Safety Wire pliers and received a tool which was asymmeterical and would not properly close , cut or lock . I called the third-party vendor and complained and was told I could send them back , which I did . I have yet to hear anything more .
 I have a 9 &#34; safety wire pliers I got out of the salvage dump when Miramar was a Naval Air Station . It was chipped and the spring had been removed because it was a FOD Hazzard . An old school Aircraft Mechanic filed the tip 30yrs ago & It 's been with me ever since . I purchased this one since I 've been on the line for a while & &#34; the smaller the tool pouch , the better . &#34; This unit never left my garage , I was happy to pay $ 5.50 & return it to sender ... I will only enter one fault , because there were &#34; MANY . &#34; The locking portion was only working when I took it out of the package , after that the pliers could only be locked by holding it tight . I 'd rather go back & get my Duckbill pliers , it 's 100 % better . I 'm going to spend the cash & get a pair of Snapon 's .
 I have used safty wire pliers many times and these are the worst I 've ever seen . The pliers do n't line up correctly and makes twisting wire quite a challenge it can be done but will take on average 4 or 5 tries . Also the cutter is a complete joke ! They do n't work at all . All in all you get what you pay for , Cheap price = Cheap product . Do yourself a favor , spend a little extra money and buy a quality pair .
 The pliers were hard to use at first very stiff , and then the metal bent so they could no longer be used . They are made very cheap and I should have thought about it more since they were going to be used for motorcycles and other odds and end things . My suggestion is not to purchase these go for a more name brand approach because these are not worth it and a name brand is only a few dollars more . They are made in China btw there is no name on these at all !
 I bought this compressor for the quiet operation that was described in amazon reviews , but it is just not that much quieter than the dewalt or hitachi and a lot heavier , so I am disappointed .
 Beware - they do n't tell you online that these DO N'T cover the hole in standard bored doors !!!
 The miter was off on the postive stop settings . 0 degrees was offabout 3/4 of a degree . There is no way , that I could determine , how to correct this problem . So I had to send it back . Apparentlythis is not an isolated issue . In the owner 's manual was an insertthat states if this happens with the digital readout model , thenreset the miter read out . Of course the positive stops still exitswith the incorrect settings so I do n't know what you are suppose todo . I guess the positive stops become not usable .
 The very first time I made miter cut with my new Hitachi C10FCH compound saw , the bevel angle scale fell on the floor . When cutting molding , the blade will mare the edge of the cut before cutting the wood.I 'm very sorry I purchased the saw . Plan on returning it for a Delta .
 A DIY'er may like this saw to build a dog house or fence , as $ 149 is not going to get you much more saw than this . For a few dollars more , not even a fist full of dollars , you can get much better.Why do they make a place to keep the wench and hex-key they give you and then tell you to always be sure to remove them from the holder before using the saw ? Is it because they may come in contact with the blade?Why is the lazar on the one I HAD so hard to adjust that I never did move it in fear that it would break ? Is it because you can still use the saw without the lazar that is going to break someday anyway?The saw I HAD came pre-set to build Toontown . All the angles were off just enough for Goofy and Daffy Duck to do just fine with it.I have Hitachi 's hand-held circular saw and it works OK . Their nailers are tops . Perhaps I would be pleased with their 12 '' miter saw , but I replaced this one with a DeWALT .
 I bought this item as a gift and right out of the box it had a busted handle . After contacting them they told me to contact the manufacturer and order a new part . I BOUGHT IT NEW AND I ALREADY HAVE TO BUY SOMETHING TO FIX IT !!!! AMAZON SHOULD REPLACE THE BROKEN PART !! I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND BUYING AN ITEM OF THIS SIZE AND VALUE FROM A HOME IMPROVEMENT STORE WHERE THEY STAND BY WHAT THEY SELL AND GIVE YOU WHAT YOU PAY FOR . A NON DAMAGED ITEM !!!!!!!!!
 The internal volume of this tank is nothing close to 120 gallons .
 Save your money and headaches . This pump will cause you nothing but troubles . I bought this pump to replace a failing one and it worked fine for a week . Then that 's when the problems began . I could n't get it to build up enough pressure to shut off so I tried replacing everything but the pump thinking it was fine because it was brand new . After replacing all my suction piping , foot valve , etc. and $ 1,000 later I called a local plumber to have him bring out a Goulds pump to try . Worked as soon as it was hooked up . Spend the extra money and buy the better pump . It will save you a lot in the long run .
 THIS FAUCET LASTED 4 DAYS WHEN A PLASTIC O-RING HOLDING THE SPOUT ON CRACKED AND BLEW THE HANDLE OFF SPRAYING ME AND MY KITCHEN WITH HOT WATER.THE HOME DEPOT GUY SHOWED ME THE IDENTICAL THING THEY SELL FOR A FEW DOLLARS MORE , BUT STRONGLY ADVISES PEOPLE NOT TO BUY IT.HE SAYS WHEN PEOPLE DO BUY ONE THEY ARE USUALLY BACK WITHIN A MONTH BUYING A BETTER ONE FROM HIM .
 I used it only few few months . It broken . Just wonder who to turn to to get it fixed or returned .
 I was n't impressed with this tape for stage use . The claim that the tape is charged within 30 minutes of exposure to natural or artificial light is incorrect . In my experience , bright stage lights shining on the tape for over an hour is n't enough to charge it to the point where I am comfortable with the actors making exits during a blackout .
 I wanted this tape to use for nighttime security purposes
 This tape is nothing but a worthless piece of junk ! Why do dealers choose to sell their useless trash on Amazon . Spent a lot of money for something that does not work according to its given product description . First of all , the adhesive is not strong at all and tends to curl over time . Then the glow-in-the-dark feature gives a weak unsatisfactory glow even after hours of direct exposure to light and tends to fade dramatically in less than 5 minutes after activation has ceased . Do n't be foolish and buy this product !
 Product did not perform as described . Either I received a defective product or the description of product was , um `` inaccurate '' . I exposed the tape to bright light at home for an over an hour and it failed to maintain its promised luminescence within 20 minutes of of shutting off the lights . Dim at best in optimal conditions . Was utterly useless onstage -LRB- I 'm a musician -RRB- despite prolonged exposure to pre-show lighting -LRB- as per advertised -RRB- and several subsequent and prolonged attempts at exposing this tape to intense light from my extremely bright cell-phone `` flashlight '' at extremely close quarters . I wanted this product to work . I need it to work . It failed.In my opinion , the description was deceptive .
 I chose this tape over paint because I thought it would be easier . I wish I had n't . First of all , I found it difficult to remove the tape from its backing . Secondly , the adhesive was very poor . -LRB- I was attempting to use it on painted cardboard . -RRB- Lastly , I found that the glow was only bright in pitch darkness . I would not buy this product again .
 I was very disappointed with this glow-in-the-dark tape.As I said in my review title , maybe I just got a bad batch or some that was very old or something else similar . But the fact remains that this tape did n't glow * at all * , not even a faint dim . I `` charged '' it up in a brightly lit room and when I turned out the lights ... nothing , nothing whatsoever . I even waited a few minutes in the hopes that it was just that my eyes had not yet become adapted to the dark but still there was no glow at all.Additionally , the adhesive is apparently not that great . The day after I spiralled it up an interior vertical metal rod on my staircase I found that the tape had started to peel off just due to its own weight . After a couple of days I found it on the floor . Again , this was on a vertical surface , it was n't even hanging upside down like from a ceiling or similar.I do n't enjoy writing unfavorable reviews here but , really , this stuff is complete junk and a total rip-off .
 Product arrived promptly & was well-packaged . It is easy to apply . My issue is that within 30 minutes after dark it had stopped glowing . It was applied in an outdoor area that receives constant sun .
 I bought this tape for my dance recital . I took a chance on ordering through amazon from a vendor I did n't recognize . I 've been involved in theater all my life -LRB- 50 years -RRB- and usually order from places like Rose Brand . But I needed it in a big hurry and Amazon came through on a timely delivery . Only problem is the tape does n't glow in the dark . We ' charged it over and over with a high luminosity flashlight but it would n't stay `` yellow '' and keep it 's light . It was useless . So my dancers had no warning lights on stairs leading on and off stage , and no indication of center marks or downstage marks or set spikes . I wo n't ever buy a theater product like this again from a general retailer like Amazon . I gave it one star but only because there is no option for `` no '' stars .
 This tape really did n't live up to my expectations . It kept coming off the floor ultimately resulting in several near-miss accidents . I spent a lot of time sticking it back down with gaff tape on the edges which became a daily annoyance .
 I 'm thinking some people luck out and some do n't when it comes to this product . We got this to mark doorways inside so we could cut down on our electricity use at night . It will glow very faintly at first ... then fizzles out to nothing . Maybe it just does n't play well with CFL bulbs , or maybe some of us just got a bad batch . It 's a coin toss , so good luck !
 This tape is terrible . You need to shine a light on the tape , very closely to it , for quite some time . Then immediately turn the lights off , and enjoy the glow for about 2 minutes.It sticks well though . So there 's that .
 Bought this tape to make glowing lines on a Kan Jam set - glowed for about thirty seconds before you could n't see it anymore - after being in the sun ALL day . Do n't waste your money .
 This is the wall switch that I ordered but I was sent a different one.The switch that I received was not a dial switch . I received a push switch .
 I sent for this switch because it had a twist on off switch . The one they sent was a flat toggle plate , and very easy for young children to turn on . Next time send the switch you advertise !
 Like the other comments , I too ordered the dial switch like the picture showed . After I received a white Decora rocker switch , I called Ace Hardware on-line store and told them this was not what I ordered . They refunded my purchase price , but that does not get me the switch I needed . From there , I shopped many places on-line for the stupid thing ... hoping someone had it in stock . There are dozens of sites offering the pictured dial switch with a black knob . No one has one . Then I called Air Vent to find out what is going on . They said they have not offered that switch in over a year . Hello ! Why do all of the distributors post a picture of a dial switch , when its going to be a contemporary white Decora switch you will receive ? The application I need this for is in a 80-year old house , and it has the original switch plate -LRB- double box with two switches ... light and fan -RRB- that is copper and black . The dial would have worked for the two speed fan . A Decora device is so far out in left field I could not express my dissatisfaction enough to Air Vent . It had to be some executive with a comtemporary house that figures everyone needs white decors switches in their house that made the decision to change the product . For now I have ordered a 6-position switch and hope it will work . Stupid ... stupid ... stupid
 Product is incredibly cheap . Others have pointed out the picture does n't represent the actual product shipped . True . But neither is the quality of actual as good as the original , which came with my fan.While I was installing it , the print on the switch was smearing . I had better remember what is high and what is low because the labels will soon be worn away.If I were n't so lazy I 'd send it back and get a refund . I deserve it.But do you ?
 John Frederick posted a moronic review . What kind of person says they like a product without even using the thing ? Well , he can play with his little chain . I 've used these cutters . For average steel , the monster leverage will slice through like a hot knife through butter . So , a standard chain is easy game . But put the blades against a relatively small 1/2 inch thick seriously hardened steel bar and you 'll end up getting dents on the surface of the cutting blades . The design of the cutter is ok in most respects other than this serious flaw of inferior steel in the cutting blades.You get what you pay for . If you 're the type that buys quality , move on . Do n't buy this . I 'd normally give the cutter a 2 star because it has some utility . But John Frederick posted a five-star with no basis and I would n't be surprised if he was associated with the company .
 I bought this because I wanted a higher-quality connection than the plastic hose ends found in the local home store . However , the threads on the male end are not machined , they are just pressed/stamped . The result is that they leak , no matter how carefully tightened or what kind of gasket/o-ring I use.Not recommended .
 first let me say i do n't write reviews but this one people nead to be informed abouti purchased 5 of these because the plastic ones do n't hold up and the expensive ones that use hose clamps my tractor lawn sprinkler will not travel over because of the screw on the hose clamp and the hose clamp type rely hurt my hands when putting a sprinkler or hose attachment onto because they cut into my handswell the fist one i tried to install the metal is so thin it is just a little thicker than a tin can and when crimping in the clamp the inside warped i did n't use that much pressure so the thing leaked all around the clampso the second one i tried putting a 1/2 in socket extension inside of the connector to keep the center from warping that worked but it still could not get a sealso i thought ok maby it might be ok if it leaks i just wo n't put to much presure in the hose and it might be ok well no mater how tight i tried to crimp the outside the thing would just blow off of the end of the hose they cant be crimped tight enough to keep that from happeningmy opinion about this product is i ca n't believe i actually paid money for thesei think the only salvageable part about them is the hose washers the rest i had to just throw out because there is absolutely no way they can be usedand the other review is correct they leek really bad around where the rubber seal inside your attachment is the way i finally had to fix this was to use 2 washers `` DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THESE BUY THE ONES THAT HAVE THE HOSE CLAMP ''
 i bought this for threading 1/2 rigid conduit only , and after threading 10 threads , the teeth got worn , i assume you can get new teeth for it but who wants to replace them after 10 threads ? i have n't tried the other sizes but i 'm sure there the same , spend the money and get a rigid set
 Most all of my tools are Makita brand and they are up to par . But this is my first cordless sawzall and it definitely does not have the power that a 110v does . It is a disappointment . I do a lot of remodeling and new construction of homes and use a sawzall continuously . I was using a 110v Makita sawzall for 3 years and operated it until it burned out and I then bought the cordless . I am not happy with it so am going back to a 110v .
 I have owned a lot of Makita and DeWalt tools in my life . This is part of the newest LXT Lithium ion-powered tools . This is a great concept , but seriously , 4 of the 6 LXT tools I own have flaws/problems that greatly impact their utility.The problem with this recip saw is that the shoe just plain does not work . It is only decorative . It will not hold . This is an important function when you are trying to use a certain part of the blade or to adjust the depth to keep the blade from , say , punching through the drywall on the other side of the wall.Also , the blade quick release is marginal . You really have to give it a good forceful close and wiggle to make sure it is locked in there . I have not had problems with blades coming loose/out , but others have . FWIW , I use exclusively Milwaukee blades.Sadly , if you look at the price of $ 75 to $ 100 for this or the compact version -LRB- BJR182 -RRB- , then think about the hassle to ship this to a service center and back and then not have them fix it -LRB- because it is a basic design flaw -RRB- , then you 'll understand that they truly do n't make 'em like they used to .
 Rusted after first day of use . I hate rust . Guess it was n't stainless steel , but besides that it does what its supposed to do .
 So bad I returned it . It was like clear paint with some pigment mixed in . -LRB- Yes , I shook it for 2 minutes before using -RRB- . Would have taken 3 or 4 coats to do what Rustoleum spray paint does in 1 or 2 coats . Horrible.Maybe I just got a bad can . In that case , 1-star for feeble quality control . A paint company should know better .
 The can was a disaster ! The new `` comfort spray '' did not work well at all , and seemed to drip paint everywhere rather than actually spray . I was covered in paint after trying to use it a couple of times before giving up . Very wasteful , messy , and annoying . Will definitely not be purchasing anything with the `` comfort spray '' grip again .
 The last can of Krylon I bought sprayed horribly inconsistently . There were lots of globs that came shooting out , coating both the wood I was painting as well as covering my hand . I shook the can before using and while painting . I 've never seen spray paint this bad before . I used a can of Valspar spray paint and it worked beautifully . Nice even spray . Not sure what 's going on as I have used Krylon years ago and it worked fine . I guess the old adage is true , `` they just do n't make them like they used to '' .
 I have used Krylon as my go to paint for many projects over the years . It always went on easily , laid down nicely to a good finish , covered well , and rarely sagged or ran . in short it was very forgiving for an occasional user like myself . These properties were a result of getting the formula just right for surface tension , viscosity , the perfect ratio of pigment to solvent , and the correct drying time to balance between flashing off too fast so it ca n't flow , to drying too slowly so it wo n't sag or run . Because of this for decades Krylon was my go-to spray can paint choice every time . I would drive to another hardware store in another town to get it over any other brand if I had to . It used to be that good.Well the regulations about paint have changed and virtually all paint manufacturers are scrambling to change thier formulas to comply . Not just spray cans , but all paints from professional automotive finishes to house paints . Like everyone else Krylon has had to change thier formula.But the new Krylon is not so great . It has too little pigment to solvent , which means you have to put down multiple thin coats , or apply a thicker coat to cover . BUT WAIT ! When you lay this new formula paint on thin you get flash-off before it flows ... . which resluts in a rough granular sort of surface , and if you lay it on a little thicker it dries too slowly which then leads to two kinds of problems
 The description lacks the information but these earplugs are designed for women and are thus smaller than traditional plugs . It so happens that I was buying them for my wife since I use a Peltor H10A set full time . These probably work well for most women and smaller men but do not come anywhere near providing a 30db drop for men .
 This might be a great light , but it was way too bright for my small garden and little apartment . I also wondered about its `` greenness '' . I returned it and everyone was very gracious .
 Not too bright , and not a long life . I have been experimenting with various lights as my collection of plants have continued to grow over the years , and this was one of the very first lights I had purchased . It only provided sufficient amount of light for four plants , and burned out 5 months later . So not too impressive considering the price.I would imagine that if you have a small collection of plants that this light would workout well for you , but knowing how things tend to progress with time , my own personal view on indoor plant lighting would be to buy a descent light from the start . Once you get started on growing plants indoors you tend to bring in more and more plants . It 's better to plan ahead instead of experimenting with low cost lighting , that rarely lasts too long.An investment of $ 100.00 to $ 50.00 these days can go a long way considering all the new advancements in energy saving lighting fixtures . It is better to have a light that is high quality , and lasts a long time than to see your plants die , or end up spending more replacing cheap lights.These low quality lights will eventually be removed from the market , and considering their low prices it would seem likely that the only reason they are still on the market is due to their ridiculously cheap price tag . Affordable LED lights are now every where , with unbelievable life spans that are also easy on the electricity bill . By paying a little extra you save more money in the long run , and everyone benefits from that , including your plants , your bank account , and the environment .
 This was advertised as new . It was not . I took out the bulb and it was loaded with dirt and dust . I knew something was not right when I opened the package and seen it wrapped in old paper towels and newspaper . This has to be an older person clearing out his old trash . Told him I would be glad to return it to him if he sent me my postage for it . He did not so he did not get it back . It was put in my trash since I did not want the germs . Thank You Amazon for getting the refund for me .
 First off , I may be a bit biased because we owned a 5 stage reverse osmo system prior to this . But I purchased this for its easy and simplicity . But when I installed it I was really disappointed with the water quality . The taste was really bad . Over time the taste has gotten more tolerable , but as soon as this filter slows down , and needs to be replaced ? I 'm going back to the Premier reverse 5 stage system sold from Costco . I would not recommend this to anyone who care how there water tastes.Sorry I really do n't like making bad reviews . But this thing is n't a good filtration system.UpDate 1/29/11This filter is really bad . I 'm finally having to change it out and trash the entire system . For people who have this system try and fill a dish of water and let it sit over night . Ours would develop a chemical film on the surface . We wash and cook rice with the filtered water . Lately the rice we cook with the filtered water developed a really bad rotting odor , after a few hours . My wife was thinking it was the rice cooker ? But I suggested that she try and cook some using the bottled water . -LRB- She did -RRB- the rice was absolutely perfect.I do n't know what this filter is filtering but it appears to be making the water quality worse.This unit was a complete waste of money ! Did n't even last a year ! Terrible filter!I 'm off to CostCo to purchase the new Watts Premier 4RO system .
 One of these things is in the house I am renting . The cheap plastic fittings on the head unit leaked like crazy . Fix one leak , and another one starts . Teflon tape , epoxy putty . You name it . Nothing works . I had to disconnect the whole darn thing just to keep the cabinet under the sink from rotting away .
 Understand that I am especially upset at this item because I have a house full of them . In fact , I bought 9 of them for each of the ceiling fans in my house . Do the math and see how much I spent on these things.The only positive is that there is `` on/off '' , fan control and light dimming on the panel , and that it worked for 8/9 of the switches.Now for the negatives . The absolute worst problem with this switch is that the slider tabs that you use to adjust the dimmer or fan speed will inevitably break off . There is not a switch in the house that does not have at least one tab broken . What is worse , is that the tab will actually break off the underlying plastic that controls the switch . I called to complain when the first switch broke , and to their credit , Hunter sent me a package of replacement tabs . The problem is that you can not simply snap the tabs back in place when the plastic part that held up the tab has broken off as well . My only option was to epoxy the tab to the plastic , and even that is only a temporary fix before the bond will inevitably break . Now I just have broken pieces of plastic that jut out where the slider tab used to be.As if that were not enough , just when I thought at least the switch worked internally , one of my switches now will not turn `` off '' using the bottom `` On/Off '' switch . I therefore have to use the dimmer slides to turn the fan or lights on or off , which exacerbates the problem of the flimsy tabs.These are light switches that are used everyday in my house . It absolutely disgusts me to see the broken switches each time I use them . Save yourself your hard earned money . STAY AWAY .
 We installed a ceiling fan/light in our master bedroom as part of a remodel and were able to run the required 3-wire romex to work the fan and light separately from the switchbox . After weeks of work , we installed the Hunter switch as the cherry on top . We were ecstatic . It took a while to get used to the slider switches and the master on/off switch for the preset felt a little chintzy , but we were quickly spoiled by the smooth dimmer and 4-speed fan control . Our joy lasted less than a year . The knob on the fan control broke off . I could now see how the knobs were attached to the sliders and it looks like they are designed to fail
 I did not buy my dual slide control from Amazon , and I 'm really sorry now that I did n't see the reviews here before I did . I bought two of these switches in August 2008 , and one of them disintegrated last month . Exact same thing as other people have said here -- the knob of the slider that controls the light -LRB- which , unlike the fan , I use all year round -RRB- broke off , leaving only a tiny nub of plastic . I was making do with that until tonight , when the nub also broke off . Now I ca n't use the light switch . The design of the switch was great , but I ca n't say the same for the construction quality . Time from purchase to disintegration
 Like the others have said
 I have to agree with Mr. Davis on this one . I have this switch in my kitchen to operate the fan . The sliding switch that operates the 4 speed fan broke off but NOT at the actual knob where it could be glued back on but on the stem making it IMPOSSIBLE to put the tiny knob back on . They can not engineer and build it out of something solid but rather screw the consumer into buying frail plastic junk that does not hold up .
 I 'm so glad that I came to trusty ` ol Amazon to price these controls and read the reviews . My fiance and I just bought a house and the 27182 model , without the preset , is installed all over this house . There are ceiling fans in every room . We love the fans , and the controls seem to be holding up pretty well . All but the master bedroom . The light switch on that one is missing . Was when we moved in . So , naturally , with all the others in tact and found throughout the house , I figured a straight replacement was in order . You guys have changed my opinion on that and I appreciate it very much . Obviously , the problem I have with the switch here is a very common and fast occurring one with these switches . Thanks for saving me the money , time and most of all frustration on this one .
 We bought our current house three years ago and replaced two ceiling fans right away . I used this switch for one -LRB- upstairs -RRB- and a similar switch -LRB- same brand name , slightly different in that it does n't have the on-off switch at the bottom -RRB- downstairs . I bought them at a local big-box home improvement store.Unfortunately the sliders are made of flimsy plastic and the whole user interface part of the switch is badly engineered . Two of the little knobs have broken off . The light dimmer on one has failed completely ; that slider moves up and down freely in the slot but the lighting does n't change as a result . Technically , the fan speed control does still work as long as you do n't mind the absence of a knob.Now I 'm in the market for a replacement switch . I do n't see much point in asking the manufacturer to replace them , if they 're still selling the same poorly-made piece of junk nearly three years after I bought mine.Incidentally , the two fans are Hunters too , and we 've been perfectly satisfied with them .
 I 've installed several of these dual controls throughout the house and I have had to replace every one within a year of installation due to the slider controls breaking . It 's a great concept but the quality of the product is severly lacking .
 The first one I bought had the slider knob break off after less than a years worth of use . Light use at that . The second unit I 'm still using , now makes the lights flicker on the ceiling fan . When I turn on the light for the ceiling fan , the switch now makes a buzzing sound and emits a burning electrical smell . Now I 'm going to need to replace this one , and find something better . I was told to buy a Hunter switch for a Hunter fan , as they have more powerful motors and need better switches . I guess they ca n't handle their own brand of switch . Cheap construction , as well as durability . I would not recommend getting this .
 Do n't Know ... Sent it back since it had a 3 wire connection . Our old wiring in the house has 2 wires . It was less costly to set up a hand-held remote with 2 wires than rewiring and adding new switch box -LRB- es -RRB- , patch and paint walls with the Hunter 27183 control remote ... Amazon has a great return policy . You click return . It shows your purchases from last 30 days that are allowed to be returned . You print a packing slip and prepaid address label . Box it up . Give it to USPS and you are done ... Amazon has their act together ...
 Have purchased this item for years , this shipment came with the liquid smelling of wintergreen . Do n't understand the change in formula and do n't like it at all !
 This was supposed to be odorless and non staining like in the picture . The product I got has the same product code but it stinks like Ben-gay .
 I order this and the 15 gallon tank for my husband because everyone said it worked great . Both parts were received in good condition so no problems there . My husband managed to put most of it together but evidently the pump has changed because the instruction say to screw 3/8 '' x 1/4 '' nipple into sprayer pump that came on the sprayer has a 1/4 '' barb only no place to screw anything in . If amazon would help with this matter to avoid sending back would greatly appreciate it.Precision Products TCS15 Spot Sprayer , 12-Volt , 15-Gallon
 The pluses
 ORIGINAL REVIEW : I just received this item . The pluses
 Does not come with battery or charger - useless . I do n't even know where or how much the battery would be .
 has a small hole for water to shoot out . dead on arrival . very disappointed . ca n't replace and not worth shipping back for a refund .
 Worked fine for the first few months of summer , and into the fall . Disconnected hoses and drained it for the winter . It remain mounted , but empty for the winter.When I hooked it up again this spring , it had split open along the seam where the two halves are glued/seamed together and is now totally unusable . -LRB- The winter was relatively mild and it was protected from much weather . -RRB- Very disappointed that it did n't even last a year . I 'll be looking for a metal one , now .
 I used this manifold to replace one that came with a hose sprinkler timer . Naturally the hose bib was turned on , relying on the timer valves to release the water on time . The manifold blew off at the bib where the threads join the manifold , It was in the middle of the night . I had the biggest water bill I have ever seen , the tree liked it though .
 I do not like this item . I have thrown it away after a few months . It is molded plastic and at the seam where it is molded together , it formed a crack . It was useless . I ended up getting a 2-way brass connector .
 Sunday - April 26th , 2009 * Important MessagePlease note that the price of PYRAMEX DM-3 N95 SAFETY RESPIRATOR SURGICAL MASK 10/BX has increased from $ 9.99 to $ 30.99 since you placed it in your Shopping Cart . Items in your cart will always reflect the most recent price displayed on their product detail pages.PYRAMEX DM-3 N95 SAFETY RESPIRATOR SURGICAL MASK 10/BX
 I did not read other people 's reviews carefully before I made purchase since this flux is acid which requires good clean ; more importance , it contains Zinc Chloride which causes Asthma . I tried it once , soldering is fine except too big drop of it from needle bottle . Maybe brush will work better . I decided not to use it anymore and purchased no-clean flux pen instead on Amazon .
 This is nothing but a one inch wide piece of bent metal with a hooked tab in the end . From all appearances this tool should work like a charm to separate the overlapped latches on vinyl siding , but for some reason it just does n't . It 's difficult to tell if you have the tool positively engaged on the strip , and when you think that you do , and give it a downward pull , it slips off of the latch . I found it faster and easier to remove the siding using a long handled screwdriver inserted between the overlaps and prying downward to disengage the latch . There may be some tight spots where this tool might come in handy , but I never found any real use for it on my project .
 The box came to the house with holes all through it . The only closures were plastic straps that do NOTHING to keep all the merchandise in the box . When the box was opened , or should I say when the straps were cut and the contents FELL out of the box , since there is nothing holding the box together but the lame plastic straps , half the parts were missing . It is miserable trying to actually get through to the company since you have to call long distance and can never get through . Good thing for me my dad had parts so I could actually get to use the cart.It is my fault that I did not read the reviews as I normally do or would have NEVER purchased an item from this company . They are VERY cheap with the way they ship the products . The product looks really really good on the screen , but in reality the company takes absolutely NO pride in the way they ship their products . This will be the LAST thing I ever buy from this company . Amazon should take them off the site as sellers since they are SO pathetic .
 Product came with box in poor condition . When opened , found that metal legs were missing . Called mfg. who quickly shipped out the legs . A bit of a hassel with a good outcome.Cart is really handy too use .
 first it was shipped to wrpong address , then it was missing about 50 % of itys nuts and bolts . then new holes had to be redrilled since they did n't match up
 While the amazon site lists shipping at around $ 20 , this product tallies up a shipping cost of $ 100 to San Diego , CA . I had to remove multiple items from the cart to identify the culprit , and would hate to see someone not notice this outrageous cost .
 At the recommendation of the Staff at Grizzley , I bought Slipit at Springfield Store . It ruined the finish on my cast iron surfaces on a new jointer . Best left to applying Slipit to sticky wooden drawers and not metal parts that will rust . Back to using Trewax or Johnson 's Floor Paste Wax . I have used the latter on cast iron surfaces on tools for 20 plus years with no problems using either of these products . Slipit will be slipped into the garbage can .
 This product did not make my husband 's woodworking project easier or better , it took longer to clean up because it just did n't work and he was extremely frustrated .
 This thing is very poorly made which is shocking since it says `` Stanley '' on the side . Mine went into the trash a week after using it . It sticks as it retracts ; it does n't always retract all the way , so you have to push it in ; it 's loud -LRB- cheap spring scrapes on the metal tape -RRB- ; and I should point out that it does n't lock . There are other quality portable measuring tapes here at Amazon that are definitely much better quality .
 Stack-on Products do not come with the proprietary dividers for their proprietary drawers . When I emailed them about it they sent back an order form for 2.50 for a pack and 4.05 in shipping pre-inlcuded and no apologies that they were n't just selling their dividers next to their products at Home Depot.Plus it would take 2 weeks for delivery.This company deserves to go under in the next two weeks .
 I loved the lamp , but the glass was broken upon arrival . I am still looking for replacement glass dome so I can install it . I do n't know how to go about an exchange with amazon .
 it says
 The plastic is thinner than the film that the 3Mfilm uses but the big problem is that the tape is horrible . I had to use the tape from my 3M kits because the tape just would not stick . That , in and of itself makes the kits useless . I 'm shopping online and I do n't see that Lowes has the 3M kits at all , nor do they have the 3M tape to replace what I had to utilize from those kits already.The concept I like but I do n't recommend this particular brand at all . Some styles are better than others ; there 's one that has the top pretaped with wider tape that can be handy depending on your window . Some consist of precut pieces that theoretically fit a batch of same size windows and if you know your windows are all that particular size it can work just fine . I have a long sheet that should fit many windows of a particular size that is a little more difficult to use because you have to tape the film to the top of your window and probably to the two sides and then cut to the size you need . You can end up not cutting a straight line or the plastic can be fairly wrinkled because of the manipulations you needed to get the film up in the first place but it seems to straighten out when you shrink and if it does n't straighten immediately , going back the next day with more heat seems to flatten the film .
 The tape does n't seal well . It 's hard to peel the paper off the tape , the plastic sheets do n't even stick to it , and the tape barely sticks to the window frame . I had to use packing tape to keep these from peeling from the wall . I got NO seal whatsoever with Frost King . Had to use other tape all around the entire thing . This never happened w/3M . You 'd be better off buying double-stick tape and rolls of plastic you can cut to size . Or just stick with 3M -- more expensive but I used that stuff for years w/out issue .
 I used these for years in the Adirondacks in an old drafty house , and they work wonders . HOWEVER , be sure you get a kit that is not ancient or defective . Mine tore lengthwise down one of the folded seams upon opening it up , and the protective layer on the double sided tape was a real SOB to get started . Because it sat for a month , it 's past refund time , so it just goes in the trash where it belongs .
 the gloves are good because they are made of good material which prevents cuts and abrasion BUT I suggest not touching anything hot because it can not stand more than 2 seconds of holding a hot object , therefore they do not withstand the suggested temperature .
 We were anticipating the color to be black . It came in and was yellow . Was unaware the picture displayed on the ad was black & white .
 this was not described as a plastic wedge . What I was charged for shipping indicated to me that It was steel . I was totally dissatisfied !
 You get what you pay for . The handles that pull the brake apron up do not lock down . I guess it does in a pinch , but not built for accuracy .
 I went for the less expensive sharpening kit and got what I paid for . Within the first minute of sharpening the chain in the woods , the Oregon file bent where it enters the wooden handle . I was barely putting any pressure on it . I own numerous files for many different uses , and a file that sharpens a chain saw blade should not bend so easily . Period .
 I bought this plate along with a Bench Dog cast iron router table wing . I had to shim the plate upwards to get it even with the table . That should not be necessary seeing how both are offered by the same company .
 This kit is designed to overhaul Porter Cable FR350 & FC350 nail guns . It includes all the o-rings , the `` stuff '' needed for the trigger mechanism and the inside bumper to cushion the slide . What it does n't include is the plastic spring guide -LRB- about the size of a golf ball -RRB- located in the top of the air ram . This is the part that breaks after years of use and storage . The part actually disintegrates when it fails and when it does the nail gun will not shoot nails.I bought this kit for my older FR350 that was no longer shooting nails because air was bypassing the ram . The re-furbish is pretty straight forward until the trigger mechanism where it is a little more complex . Unfortunately , I needed the spring guide to repair mine so I had to go out and find a parts store and buy it -LRB- $ 20.00 + tax -RRB- . With the cost of the kit -LRB- $ 49.95 on Amazon -RRB- , my travel to the parts store and my time it would have been better to scrap the gun and buy a refurbished one with 30 day warranty.My nail gun works fine now and I expect it to give me years more service but I would n't go through the process and frustration again.Just my two cents ...
 I bought this product thinking it looked like a great idea . Connects to the end of a hose , wash the windows with the telescoping long handle and squeegee them off . What could be better ? Well , this product certainly could be . It 's too heavy and awkward to handle with the hose attached . The cleaning head is supposed to rotate and lock but it does n't stay locked . The mophead becomes heavy and wo n't stay on the bracket . It falls off after one swipe . I paid way too much money for this worthless product that ended up in the garbage .
 Did not ever work right . Was hard to manage - could n't use the handle really at all . I 'm sure there are better options out there for the money .
 I want to know why did I paid 4 dollars for one day air and the shipment is taken more than 2 days ?????????????
 This product did absolutely NOTHING to the silver solder on my copper pieces . I am very disappointed . Unfortunately , I will stick with plating with pickle .
 I followed all instructions , but it was just like painting water onto the jewelry ... did n't do anything to the metal . I do appreciate how great the company was about giving my money back .
 Before you purchase the saw , make sure you investigate the cost of the batteries and where they can be purchased . I 'm Having a time trying to find the correct ones to fit . All Milwaukee batteries do not interchange with each other . The best reason to purchse is to repalce the saw .
 Ordered the drill guide and before it got here I stopped at Sears and checkedx out there guide . Went ahead and bought it for less then the H3487 . Good thing because when the H3487 arrived it was no where near the tool as the Sears one . Its plastic with flimsy parts and no springs on the rods very disappointed with it . Buy the Sears for less and get more .
 I have used one of these precision drill guides two times to drill holes to put lock sets into doors . The cross slide that contains the drill chuck and shaft cracked through the chuck stop hole on the one side . The cross slide is too weak to even support the lightest duty service . The cross slide needs to be redesigned with flanges and beads at a minimum in order to handle normal loads encountered during use . Material changes to the cross slide my be needed . The design of the cross slide is a total failed effort .
 This thing is absolutely useless . Flimsy plastic garbage . Do n't waste a penny on it !
 Very difficult to set up . Angle scale very hard to read and not accurate . It took 10 to 15 minutes to set it up at 90 degrees using a combination square . After the third hole drilled it went out of alignment . I finished the project by hand drilling and returned the product the next day . Look elsewhere !
 I am very disappointed in the quality of these screwdrivers . The handles on two of the screwdrivers are defective , and I certainly would have never wasted my money on this set if I were given the opportunity to `` actually see '' the product before making this purchase . It just reinforces my belief that physically shopping in a retail store is a safer bet -- this is the only sure way of knowing what you are actually purchasing . If I had n't already discarded the packaging , I would have definitely asked for a refund . I have seen better quality in discount outlets . Save your money on this set !
 Be careful
 I 've got 4 of these faucets and all 4 have now developed leaks on the hot tap . Additionally , the cold taps are all becoming difficult to turn due to mineral build-up . Since all 4 have the same problem , I think this is a design flaw or quality defect with this faucet .
 I had bought a new one a few years ago , and needed a second . So a bought a refurb and saved $ 20 . I broke within a year . Not worth it .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Yeah there are some design problems here . I ordered the plastic holder and 4 sets of leads in different colors based on the rave reviews for the basic holder . Well after getting it I dropped the pencil once and broke the lead into multiple pieces ... not a bad drop , just off my work surface . I put in a new lead strip and voila , dropped it again . Lead shattered again.What does n't show well in the picture is that the leads have grooves in the back side which weaken it considerably.As mentioned in the other review , the large square tip is great if you 're trying to make a large mark , but if you want to make a precise mark you need to make the lead stick out farther and tilt it onto a corner . That makes it hard to line up with a line on your yardstick or tape ... Unless of course you want to sharpen it , which was the thing I was trying to get away from by purchasing this pencil.Good idea , but needs more improving.Stick with your quality carpenter 's pencils that you can sharpen with a machine , your pocket knife or your sander -LRB- my choice -RRB- . Oh , and those rave reviews ? I always get suspicious of multiple perfect reviews of a product when all of those reviewers have only ONE review ... makes you stop and think , why would these guys make this product their one rave review when it 's actually not that spectacular .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 I do n't do many negative reviews on Amazon , but I do this one gladly.In short , the adjusting mechanisms do n't work well at all and the throw pattern is unacceptable . Rainbird `` fixed '' something that was n't broken.Adjustments
 I purchased this rotor to replace an older RainBird rotor that had broken . I found the installation a hassle , but I had installed a similar one before so I was prepared . Once I finally had the thing installed I realized that the spray head shot too far . The part that really upset me was that the screw that was on previous models that you turn to reduce the spray was n't long enough to work . What they want you to do is buy a separate spray head , -LRB- which did not come with this rotor -RRB- , figure out which one you need , and replace it . After I had already spent about thirty minutes getting this rotor in I was n't in the mood to spend more money and time messing with it . I returned it and tried my luck with a K-Rain K2 which was not only cheaper but did n't require the separate nozzles . I had the K2 installed and working great in about ten minutes .
 I bought two Rainbirds including this Rain Bird 4-Inch 26 to 38-Foot Coverage Radius Pop-Up Rotor Sprinkler Head . I install them and turn on the water . Perfect -- just what I wanted and expected . All was well for the next couple of times . Then , when the sprinkler turned on the fourth time , the water pressure was very low and the two Rainbirds were watering only a third of normal . When I checked , this Rainbird had water gushing straight up out of the head . I eventually found that by pushing on the top of the head , the gushing stopped but pressure was still very low . Two days later that zone ran again and the Rainbirds ran as they should covering the intended area with good water pressure . They are due to run again tomorrow so we 'll see .
 I buy almost everything from Amazon . So I was disappointed in the pricing of this product . It was actually cheaper at Lowes even factoring in the sales tax . I noted another comment like this and wanted to validate it .
 I ordered this product , but received -LRB- a long time after I ordered it -RRB- some laundry detergent instead . Customer service from the seller -LRB- the seller is NOT Amazon.com - but one of their `` affiliate sellers '' -RRB- was non-existent . I asked for a response to return , but no resposne whatsoever . Terrible waste of time and money . STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS !
 I bought this thinking it would clean out the jets in my whirpool bath tub . I followed the directions and it did almost nothing . A few pieces of gunk came out , but the jets were still dirty . What works MUCH better is bleach and powdered dishwasher detergent . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought 2 bottles of whirlout , enough for 4 applications . I did the first 2 treatments a few days apart , with no noticeable reduction in the amount of black flakes coming out of the jets . I then ran a 3rd treatment where I dumped in the entire bottle , and ran it for 1hr , again after rinsing 3 times I still have black flakes shooting out of my jets . I have tried numerous home remedies with no luck as well . I just ordered some `` ahh some '' and I 'm hoping for better results .
 The Whirlout Pipe Cleaner did not clean my jacuzzi tub as well as I hoped it would . There was a lot of soap suds generated during use which I assume means it cleaned soap out of the pipes but the outer surfaces of the jets that are exposed in the tub did not come clean . It also takes half of the bottle for each use and is recommended that it be used once a week . This can become very expensive . I would not recommend this product .
 This product does not remove biofilm or kill bacteria and it is very misleading to consumers who believe they are removing bacteria from their jetted bathtubs . Jetted bathtubs have about 15-20 feet of plumbing lines . These lines have warm stagnant water that is a perfect breeding ground for bacteria . Biofilm grows in the plumbing line , bacteria lives in the biofilm . Bleach , germicides , lemons , vinegar and other chemicals will not remove biofilm - see Montana University Center For Biofilm Engineering studies confirming this . It takes specialty cleaners like Oh Yuk -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and other products that are specifically designed to remove biofilm . Chemical like Oh Yuk have done the research and testing confirming that bacteria has been removed from the system . If you properly remove the biofilm you have a nice safe tub .
 After assembling the lamp I noticed that the surface of the stainless base was a little wavy . What I did n't know that the bottom was not manufactured properly and that it had a sharp edge that scratched the top of the new wood table I set it on . Obviously , it was n't inspected before shipping .
 I have bought this lamp twice from 2 different vendors . There is no brown wood on this lamp . I have returned it twice . There is black painted metal in the places where the picture shows wood .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 My product looks exactly like this with the one exception of it saying GE instead of Sylvania . I assume that they are one in the same , perhaps one company making for both as the designs appear exact to one another . Ours worked great for the first several months with minor inconveniences
 Bought 3 of the Sylvania power failure/night light and in less than 3 months the battery for the power failure has gone bad in 2 of them . As a power failure they are a failure . As a night light they still work . Poor quality and no way of replacing the batteries .
 We purchased 2 of these from our local home improvement store . Loved the LED night light , did not flicker but softly glowed as the room got darker and then got brighter as the night went on . However , like the other reviews , within 6 months both stopped charging and did not work as a flashlight or power failure light . We did not keep the packaging or receipt so we can not return them . I may continue to use 1 just as a night light , but we are looking for another alternative . We can not find anywhere on line to contact Sylvania about this product and complain . We just ordered 2 new lights -LRB- totally different brand and model -RRB- from an external website and we 're hoping they will work better .
 I bought a 3 pack of these . At first they were great then they all stopped holding a charge in the span of about a month . After some brute force to open them up I found the internal batteries had all exploded!They were all on surge protectors . So I will chalk this one up to either sub-standard batteries or poor engineeringI will never buy Sylvania again
 I bought this and it worked for about a week , now it does not charge at all . Do n't buy this
 These will cease to hold their charge after a while , rendering them into an oversized poor-substitute nightlight and nothing else . As an emergency flashlight they are worthless .
 I bought 3 of these lights and all failed within 6 months.All the batteries are dead . Lights are useless as power fail lights . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this light a few months ago and was immediately annoyed by the design which blocks the other outlet and prevents you from plugging in anything else in a normal receptacle . When the power went out for the first time recently , the battery was dead and the light did not work .
 I purchased about 14 of these and gave some as stocking stuffers . 6 out of 10 of mine did not work except for the flashlight after a few months . They also take up the entire plug area . I definitley would not buy these again !
 supposed to work as a night light and an emergency power failure light . worked the first few months , then only work as a night light now . emergency light does not light up when power failure occurs or when removed from the outlet . not worth it to ship back for a refund/replacement .
 As many others have noted , these were merely good while they lasted -LRB- vs. great -RRB- . They cover two plug slots , completely wiping out an outlet unless you buy an outlet multiplierLifespan as a night light ? Probably a very long time.Lifespan as an emergency light ? Between 3 and 9 months . This is the feature that you 're paying a premium for over a $ 3 nightlight . The problem ? The batteries for the emergency backup are button cells -LRB- like you would find in a calculator/watch/car remote -- a small stack of them -RRB- . To get to them , you have to destroy the device ; not very green Sylvania and super wasteful.Sylvania -LRB- or whoever makes these -RRB- redeemed themselves with the Model 72488 , which has li-ion batteries -LRB- AA 's -RRB- that are accessible and last an incredible 4-5 days when the power goes out . Add in model 72488 's motion sensor and four position switch -LRB- including off admittedly -RRB- , and it 's a superior and serviceable unit .
 I purchased one in Jan 2011 . When I tested in Dec 2011 , the battery was totally dead and would not take a chargE . The indicator light indicated that it was charging and the night light still worked . Reading other reviews that indicated failure three months or sooner give rise to the possibility that my unit had died much sooner . View five star reviews with caution , I would have rated five stars within one month of purchase . For those who are using these as your emergency light source , I recommend that you start testing monthly and start replacing with a more reliable light source as soon as possible .
 Purchased six of these for one of my homes in the forest . I was just relaxing in a hot tub reading when I heard a audible popping sound , quite loud , I was very surprised . Whatever storage device they use for the battery had over charged and had popped . This concerns me , if I am not here what could happen to my home due to the faulty device . I jumped up to see what the sound came from and could hear the chemical reaction to the overcharging , it was a sizzling/crackling noise coming straight from the nightlight . They are about six months old and will be returned asap .
 I liked these lights when I first got them -- the nightlight is not overly bright , and the flashlight was good enough to actually use . The first problem was merely annoying ; the plug is place in such a way that this light covers both outlets of a duplex fixture . The second problem is the killer , though . As a number of reviewers pointed out , the batteries die in 6-8 months , and are not replaceable . I 'd unfortunately gotten a number of these , and now have an expensive disposal problem .
 After a few power outages in our home , I decided to invest in a power failure flashlight . I purchased three of these and they have all stopped working after a few months . They will work fine as a night-light , but they do not hold a charge whatsoever .
 Mine lasted about 2 months . I decided to take it apart to find that the internal rechargeable battery _ literally _ blew apart ! In other words , the battery exploded . Save your money ... and maybe your house !!
 When I saw these at the hardware store for about $ 10 I thought they were pretty nifty and got two of them . When they worked , they were quite nice . Over time , whenever I 'd try to use one as a flashlight I could tell the light kept getting weaker . Finally , around the 6 month point , they failed to work at all -LRB- the two failed within a week of each other -RRB- . The fact they 're marketed as lights to be used during a power failure is comical - as they 're the antithesis of a dependable backup & 100 % destined to eventually fail . In a way , I suppose they are power failure lights after all .
 I bought 3 of these for my boat and they only lasted a few months . The batteries are not user replaceable and when they fail to charge the device is useless .
 Bought this little light at our local home improvement store a year or so ago and it was n't cheap . Bought just one at the time to try it out with the idea of going back for more depending on how well it worked . It lasted about a year before the manual flashlight portion failed . It only works as a nightlight now which is not what we needed it for . It uses LED 's so I do n't imagine they went dead . I am guessing it is the internal battery that you can not get to or replace . An improvement I would make , load it with common NiMH AA 's so they can be replaced as needed . This little light will probably end up in the trash soon .
 Beware !!! I purchased 12 of these lights to use throughout my home for my family as emergency lighting . Now after only a year all 12 have now died and have been thrown away ! Amazon is my first choice to purchase products and this is the first time I have ever taken the time to write a review . I am looking for another emergency product and would never consider this light again . I thought the price was a little high but I figured I was paying for a quality product I could trust from Sylvania . Unfortunately I was OVERCHARGED for a piece of imported junk . You can not trust this product to work when your family needs it most !
 These worked wonders when new , but after a few months , they go from going dim to no longer holding any charge at all.I 've emailed Sylvania , awaiting a response - otherwise , waste of money and I have to buy replacements from a competitor .
 I bight four of these from amazon . Three worked for two months , plugged in ; one of them worked only only for three days .
 We bought four . After a year one still works , one had to be returned , because it did not work at all , one did not work in our last power outtage , and the other just works as a night light now -- that 's it in a nutshell .
 I bought three of these on April 25 2010 . Only one of them still works when the power fails . I would not recommend these . The amount of light they put off is good . My complaint not even one year later two of them only work while plugged in .
 Bought three of these to put around the house about six months ago . The nite light is blueish white - and a bit too bright . But for the convenience of an all in one emergency light / night light / flash light , I thought I could live with it . But had our first power outage last night and two of the three did not work . Meaning they did not hold a charge whatsoever.Very disappointed .
 We were so thrilled with this night light that we planned on buying them for our parents . What an excellent idea to have a continuously charging , tiny flashlight for use during power failures ! Unfortunately the product does n't work as it is supposed to . I hope to find a similar item that actually works .
 Sylvania 3 in 1 LED Light , Nightlight , Rechargeable Flashlight , Power Failure Back-up LightImpractical because the `` nightlight '' is much too bright , lighting up a whole room , and if you put it out of sight not enough light reaches the sensor to ever shut if off . The only way I could use it was to tape over most of the `` nightlight '' section and tuck it away so that it had to be manually switch on and off every night and morning . Stopped bothering .
 One of the worst if not THE worst products I have ever purchased . Bought about 8 of these about 5 years ago . Always plugged in and during Hurricane Sandy was first big test . More than half did not function as Emergency Lighting -LRB- dead batteries -RRB- . HUGE disappointment ! Stay FAR FAR away & do not even consider purchase !!!
 I have two of these - they worked until an extended power outage of 9 days . Afterward they will not recharge and are useless for the purpose needed - > emergency lighting when the power fails . It could have been a great product if the battery was replaceable or the company invested a few more pennies to put a better battery in them . You are buying a $ 10 nightlight that will eventually only work if there is power . Spend your money elsewhere .
 We were given several of these Sylvania emergency lights and like many of the other comments here , the battery fails and the unit does not come on when the electricity goes out . For some reason , our electricity goes out often , even in the middle of a nice sunny day , so we were happy to get these units so we could see to walk through the house when power goes out at night.There are several other brands that make this type unit and we are going to read reviews and try a different brand .
 If you love wasting money and filling up your trash can then this is a wonderful product ! I bought 4 of them about 5 months ago and today threw out the last one . I used to trust Sylvania but not any more , a company so big and well established knows how to test a product and it seems they also think they can make a profit selling junk .
 I bought 4 or these . All 4 were useless as a flashlight after a few months . Initially the flashlight was fine but after a few months the leds emit a useless dim glow . The night light is good .
 I 've had these in the past and they worked GREAT . Exactly as advertised . Unfortunately , this one would not charge up , probably due to battery failure . What a shame !
 It isnt nearly bright enough for any room to be lit up if the lights go out . It will be a great nite lite , that 's it .
 I 've got several of these , and I 'm unimpressed overall . It throws off very little light as a nightlight , and does n't do much better as a flashlight.If your eyes are already dark-adapted , it might be barely adequate , but it has the advantage of being inexpensive.An emergency flashlight -LRB- Energizer Item model number
 Beware . The warranty is just 30 days.I purchased 3 units.The flashlights no longer work on any of them after 3 months.Do not know when the lights ceased working as it has been some time since using the flashlight on any of the three.Lights looked great initially.VERY disappointed now .
 The first flashlight died after 3 month . The rechargeable battery inside disintegrates . I emailed Sylvania about the issue and they graciously sent a coupon to me for another free flashlight which I used -LRB- great customer service ! -RRB- . However that replacement flashlight died 5 months later with the same problem . I wont be purchasing anymore of these . I did n't like how the unit occupies both receptacles on a duplex outlet anyway .
 I cant recommend these because of serious quality control issues that negate any ability to trust these in an emergency . See below for details.I bought one of these as a test along with other similar models . The one I bought worked perfectly . The night light was just bright enough to see at night without being blinding . When the power went out -LRB- testing -RRB- the very bright flashlight came on and lit the room very well . As a flashlight it was very good casting a bright focused beam . Although I have never left it on to see how long it would last it did not dim at all after about 15 minutes of use . That should be more than enough time to address any emergency issues in a power outage and set up non battery reliant lighting.However , I can not recommend these because of serious quality issues . After the initial success of my first one I bought seven more so that I had one in each room of my home and one at the top of each stairway . Out of the seven , four failed to take a charge at all and were returned and replaced . Out of those four , two failed to take a charge . They were returned for my money back . But there was more disappointment to come.After three months I did a check of all six of the lights . Only four were still functioning as an emergency light when power was cut . The two that failed had the nightlight still working but the flashlight would not . So there was no way to know ahead of time that they would have failed in an emergency . Even the working ones had some issues . Two were going dim within two to three minutes . I do not think that is adequate time to address emergency issues so they were useless as well.After almost a year only one is still working but I use it in the work room as a convenient flashlight not as an emergency light because I just dont trust it . -LRB- Sadly I dont know if it was the original one i purchased and liked so much . -RRB- Bottom line is that this is supposed to be an emergency item but if it may or may not be still working when the emergency happens then it is useless .
 I have five of these in my house . They are three years old . Two have failed.As a night light , they work well . They put out a good amount of light . Enough to walk the house at night without bumping into furniture , but not too much . The white light has a bluish color that takes some getting used to.As a power-fail light , when they work they are ok . Enough light to find a real flashlight , but the battery only lasts a couple hours . The problem is , two of my five do n't work any more . There is no warning or indicator . I found out by unplugging them to see if they would turn on . Two of the five did n't . The failed units were not abused . They have never seen a power surge -- this house has a whole-house surge protector . They have never been exposed to heat or cold -- this house has n't been above 80 F , or below 70 , for many years . They have only been through a couple dozen charge/discharge cycles.The battery is NOT replaceable . The unit can not be opened without destroying the case.I like the design . If the quality was acceptable , I would recommend these units highly .
 I bought tow of these nightlights/flashlights in April 2010 . The nightlight feature provides sufficient light to see the outline of my black cat . Another reason I bought these lights were to use in case of a power failure . In September 2010 , both lights would no longer hold a charge and therefore , would not function in power outages .
 Do n't by this item . Great concept but bad quality and design . The battery will not hold a charge after a while so the flashlight will be useless . Should of designed it with a AAA rechargeable battery that you can replace if the battery becomes bad or you can use regular batteries if your power is out for awhile and you have no way of recharging . Also the light sensor on some of them failed and the night light stays on day and night.The design flaw is that the plug is in the middle of the light and when you plug it into the outlet you render the second outlet inaccessible . Should of made the plug at the bottom edge or something so it does n't get in the way of the second outlet.Whole concept of night light , flashlight always charged and ready to go in one unit was great . If it worked . Try and find something that uses standard rechargeable batteres that you can replace . Because items like these that have built in batteries do n't last very long and become useless because the batteries go bad and you ca n't replace them or it is not cost effective even if you can find the non standard battery they use . Also what are you going to do when you run out of charge and your power is still out and you ca n't just swap out the batteries .
 Great idea , poor design.I purchased 3 of these about 6 months ago . As several others have pointed out , the night light is much too bright ... the device uses 4 LED lights - 3 for the flashlight and one for the night light , the night light really needs a lower intensity LED . While this flaw is easy to get past - the battery life is not . The unit is marketed as a rechargeable `` emergency power failure '' flashlight . If you are lucky enough to have a power failure within 6 months of purchase , you 'll be glad you have these ... but the flashlight on all 3 of mine has ceased to function after 6 months . Seems kinda pointless unless you live in an area where there 's a power failure every month . These will just disappoint and perhaps even cause harm if someone were to rely on them to provide lighting to a critical area .
 I purchased two of these . Both worked fine as an emergency power failure light and night light . After a few weeks the flashlight function on both failed to work . So , it 's a two-in-one , not a three-in-one , as it 's advertised . I would probably not have purchased it without the flashlight function , so I am disappointed with the quality and can not recommend this .
 Bought a 3 pack of these ... what a waste of money ! They make a nice nightlight , and the FIRST time the power goes out they do a good jobs as emergency lights . BUT It is one time thing for the emergency light and flash light because either the unit does not recharge the battery or the batteries are bad and will not recharge . Same problem with all three ! So save your money and buy some cheap night-lights and a good flashlight .
 These are dreadful . Read and heed the many negative reviews . They cover both outlets -LRB- duh -RRB- ! I ordered two and have returned them both . One did n't work as a standby light at all.They both had rotary switches that were so tight a pair of pliers was required to move them.Amazon should really stop selling these.And if there is anyone still alive at Sylvania that remembers what quality products were once sold under that brand name , they would be ashamed of this one .
 I have owned this product for 1 month . Went to use it for the first time this morning after being plugged in for 1 month . Flashlight works while plugged in does not work when removed from wall . $ 13.00 wasted
 These are very nice lights . They 're attractive and work very nicely as a night light and emergency -LRB- power outage -RRB- light . This is typical of a great idea that does n't actually work in actual practice.I bought a large number of these for many outlets in my large house . Right out of the box , one out of ten failed.Now they 've all failed . Ten out of ten . I 've had these about four months and it was just money thrown away.They are useless .
 The battery wo n't hold a charge after just a few months . I guess they were better years ago but everyone seems to be throwing these out now . My Eveready rechargeable has held a good charge for years .
 I got these from local supermarket at buy 1 get 1 free deal , after only 3 months , when the power failed in our community , I found out one of them already failed . It still work as a night light when plug in wall outlet but the battery do not store charge at all . I pull it out from the wall socket and the light will not even last 2 seconds . If you buy multiple of these like me , hopefully you still have at least one working unit when power fail . But if you only have one unit , good luck with that .
 This product is great in idea , but Sylvania created a piece of junk , here . I purchased three of these lights . Within 45-60 days , they would not function as a flashlight , as they should , when detached from the electrical outlet . Furthermore , in case of power failure , they also do not come on , utilizing their built-in , rechargeable batteries , as they should . Now , these are nothing more than expensive night-lights ; each of the three I purchased broke . I will not be purchasing much else from Sylvania , if this is the type of quality they let escape their manufacturing plants .
 At first these lights worked great . It was very handy as a quick flashlight where I did n't have to worry about the batteries being dead as with standard flashlights . The one time we lost power it was great to see these all lit up around the house . But now we 've had 3 out of 5 units quit working - they no longer hold a charge . They 'll function as a nightlight , but if the power goes out or they 're unplugged from the wall , they do n't function . They end up being expensive nightlights . I can not recommend them - spend your money on another brand .
 The batteries lasted only a couple of months on all three lights . Very poor quality for a name brand .
 I buy a 3 pack of these thing . I connected all of them in differents parts of my house the same night . At the morning two of them burned out together with the outlet . The third one works partially . Served as an backup light only the first week.It leave me with a bad taste , for continuing shopping by internet .
 Do n't waste your money . These lights are alright -LRB- not great -RRB- when new and gradually loose their ability to hold a charge in about a year . Unless you test them frequently you will find out during a power outage that they are dead . Even when they were new the light was not all that bright and the battery did not last very long before needing a recharge .
 LIke other reviewers , I found the nighlight feature great , but a little too bright , still not a problem . Also great flashlight option - very strong . However after having this plugged in with the nightlight feature turned on ` auto ' , after about 11/2 months , the flashlight part no longer works . It is now only useful as a nightlight . I am very disapointed with this item .
 I bought these units as a 3 pack and I find that 2 of the 3 units still function after less than a year . It would seem to me a unit designed to be a failsafe power failure device should be capable of being plugged in , left alone , and available when needed , which should be infrequently.The unit probably suffers from inferior quality cells and should probably be cycled on and off on a regular basis . They last just long enough to satisfy the warranty period.I noticed other people mentioned when this unit is plugged in to a normal duplex outlet , the other plug becomes unusable which is absolutely true .
 Battery died in only a few weeks ; battery -LRB- and LEDs -RRB- not replacable ; manufacturer does not honor warrenty ; covers both outlets of the plug-in .
 After buying these in a three pack from BJs a few months ago two do not work . They did not just stop working . The battery blew up inside . A few weeks ago a family member was upstairs and heard a loud bang . After a lot of searching of what could have made the noise we figured it was this light . It did not work anymore and when it was shook you could hear something moving inside . A few weeks later I was sitting at my computer and heard a loud bang from the direction of another one near me . I unplugged the light and could hear a fizzing sound . I unplugged the third one and put them both in the outside trash . Do not buy these for your own safety . I do n't think the explosion of the battery inside could cause a fire . But do n't risk it . If you reading this you can already see that too many people have issues with them . I will be writing to Sylvania . They should stop selling these .
 Junk , Junk , Junk . Without repeating all the negative comments on the other reviews , I did buy a number of these units because it was SYLVANIA . All of my units have failed and like a fool I have replaced all of them with the same result . So , I decided to take one apart to see what kind of battery was inside . Using my hacksaw I cut the top and bottom and removed the innards . Looks fairly sophisticated , but the battery pak was a joke . You know those batteries you replace in your electric clock ? There were three of them stacked together surrounded by a green plastic cover to hold them together . I would bet that the manufacturer would not recommend these batteries for this devise unless someone designed this unit to fail so we would have to buy new ones . Worked on me the first time but shame on me if I do it again.I have an old Garrity unit that still works , is no longer made but has replaceable batteries . Its so old that the ivory plastic has been sunburned a darker color by the sunlight . From now on I will only buy the units with replaceable batteries . End of story .
 I had a hard time finding places to use these , because they are so bright . Ordinarily a good thing , but not for a night light.Today I tried to use one as a flashlight , and discovered that , although it has been continuously plugged in for the last 17 months , the battery did not have enough power to yield even a faint light . Out of the socket , no light , nada . In the socket , very bright LED that would have made a good flashlight . -LRB- Yes , I know about the different control settings . -RRB-
 As many others have already pointed out , these quickly die and become completely useless as an emergency light . But what few have mentioned is that , even if the battery did n't die in a very short period of time , the modes of operation are pretty bad , too.Technically , there are three modes
 I purchased 3 of these to use in case of a power failure . I plugged them in per instructions . Had a power failure and none of them worked . Have gone back to having flashlights placed around the house so I can grab one in case the lights go out again . This product is not worth the time or money .
 Bought a three-pack of these at Home Depot about nine months ago . On two , the batteries no longer hold a charge , so they 're useless as flashlights/emergency lights . On all three , the nightlight is too bright - bright enough to read by in an otherwise darkened room . In addition , the design blocks both outlets in wall plate .
 I do n't know why we did n't return this , because after it 's been plugged in overnight it only was good for a night light . The flashlight has never worked . So after reading the other reviews I feel I have a lemon .
 Five months ago , I purchased ten of these to make traveling through the house safer during a power outage . After a few months , three stopped working . I returned them and received three more . As of this date , out of the ten , only one continues to work , and it is ready to go at any time . I have found , over the last several years , that Sylvania products have become extremely inferior to other products , most especially their light bulbs.Previously , while out of the room , one of Sylvania 's regular 60-watt light bulbs , which was in a fixture above my dining room table , burst . This caused one piece of the element to fall into a solid oak dining chair . It burned a 1/2 inch long by 1/16 inch deep hole in the chair . I shudder to think what could have happened if the piece had fallen on a place mat or if there had been cushions in the chair.I will most definitely never purchase or recommend any Sylvania product !
 I purchased two of these night lights to keep in the entry way of my home ... Yes , they still work if they are plugged into the electrical socket and it gets dark and there ispower.But , the emergency flashlight feature lasted so few months it is hardly worth mentioning the feature.I would not purchase again .
 These are absolutely worthless and Sylvania knows it . I bought three and two would n't hold a charge from the start . The third held charge for a few months but then died . I complained to Sylvnaia and they sent several coupons . Unfortunately , I used some to buy replacement units ... which also turned out to be defective . If you want expensive nightlights buy them but do n't count on the flashlight working when you need it .
 The idea is great but this is worthless , the `` battery '' -LRB- I took it apart and it 's a sort of capacitor not a battery you can replace -RRB- stopped charging after three months making this thing worthless .
 We have four of these lights , and after 6 months ALL of them lost their battery-backup capabilities as others have posted . I contacted Sylvania and they wont return calls -- thjis is clearly a defective design as the batteries loose their ability to charge after only a few months !
 We bought these at Sams Club about 3 years ago . Loved them . The nightlight was just right and we felt that because the batteries were always charging , we would always have a flashlight if and when it was needed . And they did work about 2 years ago during a storm . However , I did n't know that the batteries have a shelf life and that you can not replace them . I am glad I found that out now before the next electrical failure or storm . Last night while looking for a light to see our thermostat I grabbed one of these beauties off the kitchen wall . I tried to get the flashlight portion to work and nothing , nada , zip . So I grabbed another one and same thing . We tried all 4 of the ones we own and they are deader than a door nail . -LRB- what the heck is a door nail anyway ? -RRB- My concern and my immediate thought last night was - Yikes , these little buggers gave us a false sense of security !!! When we would have really relied on them , they would not have worked ! Sad . Too bad you ca n't replace the internal battery .
 We bought several for regular power failures . The night light/emergency light combo used to be hard to find . Found out the hard way these lights are way too sensitive to lightning strikes . We have one left that we use in hotels just in case . And why put out a light that covers up both outlets?Here 's a better answer - GREENLITE.It 's a night light , flashlight , power failure light and it laughs at lightning strikes . Tough as nails and it leaves the second outlet open .
 I received my light right before a storm where we lost power . Whole apartment was pitch dark and this light did n't light up even though it had been charged for two days . What a waste of money .
 It 's better than nothing , but there are other items on the market that , in my opinion , are better designed . The Greenlight LED 3 in 1 offers 8 hours of post-power illumination to this one 's 3 , does n't monopolize the outlet , and is 5 bucks cheaper .
 Purchased one , and the battery failed . Giving the brand the benefit of the doubt , I purchased another . My mistake . The second one failed within a couple of months . What 's the use of an emergency light if it 's not available in an emergency ?
 This is a great little product that does just what it says . However , the batteries only lasted for about 6 months . Now , if the power goes out or if they are unplugged to use as a flashlight they just go dead . They are not an expensive night light!Also , you can only really use these in the vertical position -LRB- as shown in the photos -RRB- if your electrical plugs are vertical and the unit will cover both plugs .
 We ordered a total of 16 units and within six months eight of them had ceased to function at all , three would only work when plugged in -LRB- the rechargeable batteries ceased to hold charge -RRB- and the others were returned new . A 50 % + failure rate is a real quality issue . DO NOT purchase , as they will certainly become non operational before a year is up !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I purchased 3 of these -LRB- 3pack -RRB- and am quite disappointed with the product -LRB- s -RRB- . Of the 3 one will not charge as an emergency flashlight but can be used as a night light , another fails to turn off when there is adequate background light . The night light is far to bright and the fixture when in place prevents using the second outlet port . Maybe I 'm spoiled by the nightlight that I purchased over 10 years ago that worked until quite recently . I certainly would not buy them again as there seem to be far better choices for about the same price . .
 I purchased several of Sylvania 's night lights and thought they were great until the batteries became weak and died . I found it almost impossible to disasemble the light but I finnally broke it to see where the batteries were . The one battery is soldered in place but it is not made to replace the battery . It is nice but it will not last long if you ca n't change the rechargable battery . This is wrong .
 Purchased 9 of these in 2007 and plugged them in all over the house . We had a power failure last week that lasted for several hours . 5 of the 9 DID NOT WORK AT ALL . Ok as night lights but not very dependable for power failure lights . Less than a 3 year longevity is not very much considering the cost . Very disappointing . -LRB- I have a couple of a different type that I purchased in the 1980 's and although not LED , they still worked ! -RRB- I will look for another brand .
 We bought one of these 6 months ago and have had it plugged into an outlet in a hallway , where it 's a great little nightlight . However , the power failure mode on it no longer works - when it 's unplugged , the flashlight part will not turn on . There 's no problem with the light itself , as you can plug it into the wall , turn the switch to `` on '' and have the flashlight part come right on . I suppose it 's just a really bad battery or something that died after a few months.We are still using it for a hallway light , since in light sensing mode it works very well . However , we 'll be looking for a new kind of power failure flashlight .
 Within two weeks the batteries in this `` new '' light were DEAD . The nite-lite came on when plugged into AC , but as soon as the power went off or you unplugged it - NO light !
 I bought one of these from a big box store where it was nicely packaged so that I could not examine it . Pictures on the package showed it in various uses including being plugged into a wall receptacle where it illustrated that , when in the upper socket , it cleared the bottom socket by a wide margin . Well , you can guess what reality was . No way could the bottom electrical socket be used without unplugging the light . As for performance , I can only tell you that the upper part of the light , used as a nitelite , was very bright , but my experience with LED nitelites is that they dim severely over a period of 12 months .
 May have performed well if I had kept it but the lack of foresight in the design prompted me to return it immediately . Given it 's small size you would think it would only cover one receptacle . But no , the plug is located right in the middle of the body so it conveniently covers the unused receptacle as well . Really poor design .
 I bought two of these about a year ago . They work well as a nightlight , but a recent powerfailure showed that the battery is poor . They no longer held a charge and failed as a power-failure emergency flashlight . What 's worse , is that unless you test them regularly , you would not know how short the battery life is . I have a older product which is years old , and still performs it 's function when the power goes out ...
 Bought it because it was cheap and HSS . Even with proper drilling technique -LRB- cutting oil , backing out every 1/4 turn , etc. -RRB- it only made it about have an inch into a very low grade bolt before it snapped into 4 pieces .
 I 've used other sharpeners before , basicly electric . I am not use to hand shapening a tool . It is hard work depending on the metal used . I thought for the money this sharpener cost that a sheath or holder would come with it also . The sharpener is ok but I would not suggest someone to purchase it .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 These are not as pictured . They are actually made to slide down a small dowel or thin post . Do n't be fooled .
 I replace the lighting on my house and this light met my needs . I also like the style . The only problem is that each light did not match . Each light had a different color shade of black and texture . Also the metal quality was poor . The paint seems to easly chip off easly . The light was $ 110 to $ 99 each . A comparable light at Home Depot or Lowes was better quality at less then $ 50 . Sea Gull Lifgting needs to reduce the cost of this light and do better quality control in China where the product is made .
 I do n't need to know about what the **** other brands are associated with Cooper tools , I WAN NA KNOW WHAT BITS AND SIZES ARE IN THE KIT !!!!!! well , after I surf the web a bit I 'll have a clue about this particular tool -LRB- set -RRB- . I 've owned and used Xcelite 99s for 40 years.Cooper has gone offshore with most of their stuff , so the quality is now a crapshoot . I 'll only buy replacement blades unless I know a specific tool is US made , waranteed and top quality . Remember , if it 's made in China , the people that made it are only paid 1 % to 5 % of what we get here in the US , so you should n't pay more than 1 % - 5 % of the price you 'd pay for made in USA tools !
 We have had two leaks due to the poor design on this model . I 'm ready to rip it out and try a different brand or model . We bought it through Home Depot and would caution anyone against purchasing this item .
 `` Hush mode '' has never worked on this device . If I try to brown dinner -LRB- it does n't even have to get overcooked , just browning is sufficient -RRB- , it starts yelling that a fire is occurring even though no smoke is visible , I have the kitchen window open , and am running the house fan , a box fan , and the stove vent . So I 'll activate hush mode . `` Hush mode activated ! '' the alarm chirps , and we all sigh in relief ... for 2 minutes before the alarms starts shrieking again . Repeat . Last time it got so bad my husband attacked it with a broom . It gets two stars for still working after the broom attack despite the serious cosmetic damage .
 and of course , I ca n't return it to amazon.com ! Item beeps every 25-30 seconds even after installing 2 new 9-volt batteries
 We 've got two of these and are sending them both back due to false alarms . They seem to be related to electrical noise on the line because one of them reliably goes off when we use our induction cooktop and both go off intermittently usually around mid-day when our PV system is at maximum output . No problems with the 6 Kidde PI2010 dual smoke alarms or the HD135F heat alarm on the same circuit -LRB- other than the fact that it 's deafening throughout the house when all 9 detectors sound off at the same time ! -RRB- , so it is n't a Kidde power supply problem , just something specific to these units.Other than that , they look and work well , and the voice feature is a useful feature since it enables you to distinguish the type of alarm . They should make the red light on these things brighter , though
 I purchased this to replace an identical model that was beeping with a low battery alarm -LRB- and would not stop even after replacing with brand-new alkaline and expensive lithium batteries -RRB- . The new unit worked for about three months until it started beeping as well . Changing the battery with multiple alternate batteries did not resolve - again lithium or alkaline . For both detectors I tested them hard wired and also without and it did n't make a difference . I 'm giving the lowest rating because the first unit was purchased at a local store , and the second unit from Amazon so the chances they 're from the same potentially bad `` batch '' is very low . No-one can tolerate the obnoxious and continuous low-battery alarm beep so the unit is effectively junk.I replaced it with a First Alert unit that 's working fine .
 I should have heeded the warnings by other reviewers that some of these units constantly beep for new batteries after only a short time . I bought one and it worked fine so I bought several more . About 1 month ago the old unit started beeping for a new battery.Thinking the battery that came with the unit was drained to begin with , I used a battery tester to ensure a replacement battery contained a good charge and inserted it into the unit . Approximately one month later , the device is beeping again . I am sending the several I had received after the replacing the battery one month prior , back to Amazon with the reason being that Amazon should not sell these.I may contact Kidde , though I really do not want to risk installing another defective unit that possibly wo n't even detect CO or smoke .
 After the 1st week , the alarm would constantly beep every 15 seconds . I thought it was a defective battery , so I changed the battery out with a new one . Then one month later , the beeping came back ;-LRB- This is the worst smoke alarm I 've ever seen . Its only brought me headaches instead of reliability . I 'm going to chuck this one out and replace it with a cheap , non-voice warning smoke alarm .
 I have Kidde devices throughout my entire house . Never had any issues . After 10 years , I upgraded all my units and included two of these combination/talking units . In the winter I keep my house around 60-65 degrees . If the temps get around 63 or below , these units report low battery . And as other users have said , when it beeps and announces ` Low Battery ' at 3 in the morning , it 's not fun . And the fact the silence button only works for a very short time , you will get no sleep until you unplug the unit . I use 10 year Lithium 9v batteries . None of the standard Kidde detectors report low battery when the temps are cool . I contacted the manufacture and complained . They indicated that Lithium batteries were not a good choice . Hmmm . Anyway they indicated I should only use Duracell Alkaline . So I installed new Duracell batteries in the two units . Still had the same problem . So I called the manufacture and complained again . They sent me one free replacement unit . I installed the new replacement unit with a new Duracell Alkaline battery . Same problem . Conclusion
 Constant false alarms in the middle of the day . And then when one presses the `` Hush '' feature it runs through a variety of smoke and carbon monoxide alarm demos before it shuts up . Then , the other night at 2:45 am I get `` SCREEEECH SCREECCH LOW BATTERY !!!! LOW BATTERY !!! '' and it would not quiet and even after tearing the POS out of the wall it still would not shut up , so I had to wrap it in a towel and stick it in the fridge to get some sleep . I called their customer service and got an obnoxiously rude woman named `` Heather '' who was little to no help . Something that is supposed to save lives should not be so faulty .
 I purchased a home where the previous owner installed these everywhere . I do like that in the event of a fire that you have a professional style system , like you would have in a school , that all alarms go off and flash at the same time . However , like another reviewer stated , it 's a nightmare when it happens for no reason.About a year ago our carbon/smoke detector started to fail and alarmed randomly , especially at night . It was hard to find what unit was going off , which is the worst part of this design . In theory if something is wrong , the unit is supposed to beep frequently , like 2 times a minute . However , when these things malfunction , the beep goes off at random times -LRB- could be ten minutes , thirty minutes , five hours apart -RRB- and its very hard to locate where it came from since their are several units in the house . The only way to stop them from alarming is by disconnecting them and pulling the battery , which is really dangerous , as you now have no alarm .
 If the item Kidde KN-COSM-IB Hardwire Combination Carbon Monoxide and Smoke Alarm with Battery Backup and Voice Warning , Interconnectable -LRB- List Price
 Reviewer javajunki mirrors my opinion , these things are annoying and never shut up . Forget burning something in the kitchen , just cooking something is enough to set off the alarm . Contrary to what the packaging says , hush mode does NOT work . Stupid thing just goes into test mode and screams into your ear instead . Battery run low ? It beeps every thirty seconds . Wake you up in the middle of the night ? Too bad because it wo n't shut up unless you change the battery or take a sledge hammer to it . How about when your power goes out ? Yep , beeps over and over repeatedly . Hush mode -LRB- again -RRB- does n't hush so you have to disable the alarm to save your sanity.I have two of these installed and they both act identically . Wish I could get my money back . Worst alarms ever made .
 When received , this unit was packaged in tough plastic surrounding the entire unit . The instructions said to pull plastic tab upward towards the top of the package , causing the serrations to tear . Unfortunately , when pulling the tab as instructed , the plastic tore about one inch and then stopped . No amount of strength , including using a pair of pliers , would enable further tearing of the plastic . So I had to cut the plastic package open with tin shears . I then installed the KN-COSM-1B Carbon Monoxide / Smoke detector , and much to my regret , it did not function and failed to work The Red and Green LED lights would not come on indicating that the unit was working properly . I contacted the manufacture Kidde by phone , and went through their trouble shooting procedure to no avail.It is not possible to determine that the item is nonfunctional if the package is not opened . The unit must be installed and tested to determine if is functional and performs as advertised on Amazon.comAmazon states the following , -LRB- under the Reasons for Return -RRB-
 I purchased this as a gift . They were not happy with it . They went through a lot of batteries as it kept saying low battery . Do n't know what they did with it .
 We have had the alarm for less than 2 years . It gives a false fire alarm constantly.I just threw it out . Do not purchase this product .
 I bought 6 of these and 6 of the non-CO Kidde detectors 1.5 years ago to replace all of alarms in my home . I chose this product because of the advertised `` Smart Hush '' feature . This seemed to be what we needed due to the location of alarms in the house relative to the kitchen and fireplaces . According to the features
 Buy this unit if you like being woken up several times a year with shrieking false alarms for low batteries . I 've read the product description and the way these work does not jive , when the battery runs low -LRB- not too low -RRB- be prepared for a bad experience , even after you replace the battery be ready for a few minutes of alarm shrieks that ` confirm ' you 've installed the battery right . Do n't worry that your previously sleeping kids are now screaming and crying . Seriously , the battery is a back up for this system . I take great pleasure in tossing these things in the trash .
 These are decent detectors , however not without problems . They do require to be hard wired to AC to operate and left running on battery alone will exhaust it within days and sound `` low battery '' alarm . Therefore leaving a house for vacation and shutting down all power is not an option.Secondly , as others mentioned , they do sound a false alarm once in a while due to power fluctuations . Indeed , this usually happens at night , the most unfortunate timing.And thirdly , although by design , the volume of the alarm is absolutely deafening , so much so that approaching the detector to turn it off in the middle of the night is a self-inflicted torture . Perhaps great for hearing impaired but not recommended for folks with good ears.But most importantly , like other ionizing smoke detectors , this devices will fail to alarm you during a slow burning smoldering fire -LRB- such as smoking upholstered furniture -RRB- until it is too late -LRB- see NBC Nightly News on 3 Oct 2012 -RRB- .
 I am on my third round of having to replace the Kidde KNCOSM-IB combo smoke/CO2 detector . I have eight of these detectors wired together , so it 's not cheap . The failure mode is an annoying chirp every 30 seconds . This is the designed-in failure mode to force you to replace your detectors every five years . My store-front retailer told me they sell thousands of these as replacements on a regular basis . On the first round , I thought they failed to quickly so I wrote the replacement dates on the second round , sure enough , five years later , they are all failing again . I 'm going with another brand this round .
 It chirps two times each without `` low battery '' sound , what does this mean ? Ca n't find this on the manual . This product is a trash .
 We have 6 installed in our small 3 bdrm ranch . The past 2 mornings we 've had false alarms - `` FIRE FIRE '' . The neighbor has had the same problem with same alarms installed by same company . The one in the attic is going off in hot weather . We had the Fire Dept here after first alarm went off 7AM to find nothing . When the attic one went off again at 4:30 AM , we just disconnected it . These alarms have only been installed for 8 months . We are having heat wave , but heat should not set off a smoke detector/CO alarm .
 I replaced identical detectors which were installed in my house when it was built in 2005 with these units about a month ago . The CD portion of the original units failed and were constantly giving false alarms . These woke me up one morning about 2 months after I installed them by saying carbon monoxide alert in a very loud and irritating voice . I took them down and pulled out the batteries for an hour or so and they seemed to reset . I installed them again and they seem to be OK for the last week or so . Not very confidence inspiring .
 I purchased 5 of these alarms to rplace the old alarms in my house . After only 6 months 2 of the alarms started beeping and announcing a low battery . That should n't have happened so soon but I replaced the batterys and they lasted only a couple of months the second time . There is obviously something wrong with these alarms . I guess I 'm happy that 3 of the alarms still seem to be working correctly .
 For no apparent reason , alarm started to go off with the sound , `` Fire Fire '' at 3 in the morning . I would replace them with more expensive units if I am given a chance . Alarm going off at 3 in the morning really got us scared , not to mention waking everyone in the town house units ...
 When the battery gets low -LRB- it forces you to install a battery , even when hard-wired -RRB- , it will suddenly start chirping and yelling `` low battery '' I found that extremely unpleasant at 4am when I was sleeping . I tried silencing it by pressing the hush/test button , but that only sent it through its test pattern of loud beeps and yelling including `` Fire ! Fire ! ''
 The Kiddie KN-COSM-IB failure mode for short-circuit -LRB- due to a water leak in my case -RRB- is to raise the alarm and confidently proclaim `` FIRE ! '' in it 's oddly-calm synthesized voice . I really wish it would yell `` SHORT CIRCUIT ! '' instead , but apparently this model only knows one word.On a related note , I 'd like to thank the North Metro Fire Dept. for helping diagnose the issue at 5AM this morning .
 This thing drives me crazy . It keeps saying Low Battery even though I have put 2 separate new batteries , fresh out of the box , into the thing . I 've tried repositioning the batteries and making every other change I can think of , to no avail . Each time it makes me go through the whole earsplitting `` test '' process , then , a minute or so after I 've finally come down from the step ladder , again tells me `` Low Battery '' . This is after it woke the whole family up in the middle of the night with the lovely `` Low Battery '' voice and beeping . How annoying !
 I purchased 4 of these to put into a home I purchased in May , 2011 . I ca n't even cook in my house ! The least bit of smoke from a pan will set this thing off -LRB- and all of the others connected -RRB- , while the air itself is n't smokey at all . So annoying . I find myself in a new hotel this morning and turn on the heater and I hear the familiar beep and `` FIRE ! FIRE ! '' and look up and there it is . The same model I have . As soon as I get home I 'm replacing these pieces of junk .
 I bought 2 of these to install along with other smoke -LRB- only -RRB- detectors when renovating my house . In less than 2 years both of these were chirping once every 30 seconds , indicating an alarm malfunction . Unplugging them and taking the battery out for a while would fix the problem , for a while ... . but it usually meant that you were getting up in the middle of the night to unplug them again soon enough . After a little internet research it seems that this is pretty common with Kidde 's combination alarms . After convincing customer service -LRB- they were pleasant enough -RRB- that you are n't a moron and know how to put the battery in the correct way etc , they will replace them under warranty for nothing . Unfortunately you will be down the unit -LRB- or units -RRB- the 7-10 days they estimate that it will take for you to get the replacements , so make sure you have another option while you wait . It 's unfortunate that my family 's safety is n't more important to a company who is in the industry of public safety . I will continue to keep making them replace them but would n't trust my family 's safety to this model alone .
 Have two of these in my home ... BOTH gave off FALSE ALARMS!Just about had a heart attack from false alarms on several different nights , sound asleep at 2:00 am !! Nothing on in the house to cause them to go off ! Too sensitive of units I guess . Returning both .
 Purchased five of these for use in our personal home with the intent to buy more for rentals if they performed well . Really liked the idea of having a voice warning that tells what the problem is and was thrilled at how easy the installation was ... for about 48 hours.About two days after initially installation , started getting a `` beep '' but no voice indication of low battery/other . We always keep spare batteries in stock so decided to replace the batteries with fresh ones and problem seemed to go away . Temporarily.A few days later the alert goes off again which of course , signals ALL of them to go off as they are interconnected . This time it indicates a dead battery . Odd since we replaced them but figured our batteries may have been older than we realized . Went to the store and bought all new batteries - replaced in all five units.A few nights later - about 2 in the morning - we get a full fledged alert with the ` WARNING - FIRE ! '' screeching through the house . After peeling ourselves off the ceiling , we took down the one main culprit and figured that one may be a lemon . Since we have five in the house , we still felt it may be an isolated problem ... EXCEPTThe Next night we get yet another screeching alert ... `` WARNING - Carbon Monoxide '' . It should be worth mentioning to note that we had NO fireplace burning and do NOT cook or heat with anything other than electricity . In fact , nothing was running whatsoever.At this point , we 're exhausted from several nights of interrupted sleep and all of these are going back . The good news is the interconnected portion works . The bad news is the constant false alarms will leave you likely to take them down in order to get a full nights sleep.In all our years of smoke alarms these have given more false alerts in just a couple weeks than the past 20 years combined . SKIP ~ !
 I read the reviews and was worried about the A/C problem . I decided to give it a try . I needed to replace my smoke detector for a combo , and the original was an A/C w / battery backup , so this one fit the bill . I received the first detector and followed all the instructions . I am comfortable doing electrical work around the house and do have experience . The problem I encountered is that the green light on the detector that indicates AC power would turn off after 5 minutes . I checked all the connections and used a tester to verify that the connector that went to the unit had power . Everything was fine , except that the green light would still turn off after 5 minutes and stay off until I unplugged and plugged it in again . This means that the unit is being powered by the battery which would eventually run down . I immediately contacted Kidde through their web site . It has now been a month with no reply from them . I waited a couple of days to hear from Kidde , after which I contacted Amazon for a replacement . Amazon as usual is great and is one the many reasons I keep on buying from them . I received the replacement from Amazon a couple of days later . I installed it and this time the green light remained on . I returned the broken one , and I am a happy customer :--RRB- For those that complained about the battery running down , I would suggest that you check the green that light is on .
 After purchasing 3 of these devices before selling house , I learned that they are unacceptable in the State of Massachusetts for the inspection . The Fire Chief in my town explained that only `` photoelectric '' type devices -LRB- First Alert or BRK -RRB- will qualify . See -LSB- ... -RSB- for more information . I would check your local fire code -LRB- call your fire department -RRB- before spending money on the Kidde device . Unfortunately , we did not realize this and are now stuck with these devices.After further research , I realized that this device states in its information brochure -LRB- which is NOT on their website description -RRB- that `` it should not be installed within 3 feet of the door to a kitchen , door to a bathroom containing a shower , air supply duct use for heating ... '' In our house that is basically where all the original hardwired smoke detectors are located when they were originally installed . -LRB- We were trying to upgrade them -RRB-
 We had been living in our home for about 10 years , so I decided it was time to replace my old smoke detectors . I read the reviews on this unit , and I liked the idea of having a combination smoke/CO detector . The voice alarm sounded good to me as well , since I had heard that young children respond better to a voice than to just a beeping alarm . I bought 6 of them to replace all the interconnected smoke detectors in my house . I had to change the wiring harnesses on my interconnect wiring , but that was no big deal . I put the first one up , and all seemed normal after it completed its initial test.However , I kept getting CO warnings from them whenever two or more of them were connected . Whenever I would disconnect the units from the interconnect wiring , they would operate normally . Troubleshooting with Kidde was ineffective , as the tech that I spoke with told me that we either had a CO problem , or there was another brand of detector still on the interconnect line that was causing the problem . I eventually gave up trying to work with them , and left the units up , but disconnected from the interconnect wiring . This was okay , aside from the fact that the units would drain their batteries within about 2 weeks . After a month of that , I pulled the units down altogether.I eventually called an electrician out to check the units and the wiring in my house to make sure that I had not caused the problem when I changed the harnesses , and he found no problems with the wiring . He determined that I had at least one and possibly two bad units in my batch of six , and recommended that I replace them all with less expensive units.I still like the concept of the dual alarm with voice , but I do n't think these will be installed in my home . I 'm going to see if I can get Kidde to refund any of my money , considering I 've had the units for some time , fighting them ! : - -RRB-
 We will try calling the company , but my husband just installed this and after about 12 hours it says low battery . Put in another battery and another 12 hours later it says low battery ... and the batteries still work in another appliance !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If there is another error and all this thing can say is `` Low Battery '' instead of what is actually wrong , then it is going back as soon as I can figure out how to return the item !!!
 My unit was incredibly sensitive to the battery used , even among the major brands and within the same brand . With each rejection I checked the battery voltage . All rejected batteries were close to 9v and most were above . I found one rechargeable that worked but only for several months.WARNING
 We bought our home 2 years ago newly remodeled , and 4 of these alarms were installed in the house . After about 6 months they started chirping but with no other voice warnings . I replaced the batteries , which seemed to work for about a week and they all started chirping again . and replaced batteries a second time . Finally they stopped chirping . About 6 months later , I had to go through the same process again . and this has been the routine for the last two years . I even took them all down for about a week or so , just so we didnt have to listen to them . Of course then we didnt have any smoke detection in the house -LRB- Not Safe -RRB- Needless to say after replacing 8 sets of batteries -LRB- 32 total in two years -RRB- we have had it.Many other reviewers talk about poor customer service and the warranty says that if you want to return the alarm you have to provide a prepaid return package to receive your replacement.You would think that a company that stands by their product would not have a problem paying for shipping to replace a defective product under warranty.We are now researching replacements . These units may be cheaper , but as the saying goes ... `` You get what you pay for '' Spend the extra bucks and buy a more reputable product ... Good Luck
 These were to replace the ones in my house as there is something in them that chirps after 7 years of service . The ones from Amazon did not interconnect . It set off a fire alarm when interconnected . I called Kidde and they replaced them for free including shipping . The new ones worked flawlessly
 Quick shipment , replaced 7 sensors which were smoke alarms only -LRB- past expiration -RRB- . Even with need to use wire connectors -LRB- sold separately , old system contacts different -RRB- , each one took about ten minutes going slowly . Impressed when tested - all systems kicked in . No false alarms now after 6 weeks . Good saftety investment for the family . System install capable of novice handy person.UPDATE
 works well but no warning that between 7-8 years they will ALL fail . no warning of this ahead of time just recommendation to replace at 7 years . no warning that they will all fail . my home is large and has 45 detectors . what a surprise to find them all failing within 8 years of manufacture -- NOT installation . check the dates -LRB- stamped on back of unit -RRB- . if not current remember it will fail early
 Those of you who are happy with this product , just wait till you get this awful sharp beep and ` low battery ' warning every few minutes . I tried to twist it as directed but could n't open it . I had to pry it open ! And where is the battery ? Where am I supposed to find a battery in the middle of the night ? Who designed this piece of junk ?
 Thank you , John Graham !! Both of my units developed the `` low battery '' syndrome -- and I would have had to call an electrician to install new ones ! But your reverse-polarities trick seems to have worked ! Thank you , thank you , thank you ! ~
 Received product with missing items , never could connect item . Contacted shopdealonly , still waiting to hear back from them to send me a return label !!! Amazon was NO help to resolve this issue .
 I am less than happy . I missed the day to return these by one day and will have to eat part of the price and the shipping . Nowhere in the description does it tell you that if your currently hardwired smoke detectors are over 15 years old that these wo n't work without having your house rewired because the third wire is not there . What you need in an older home is a hardwired detector with a radio frequency . I also bought several of the battery ones for other rooms in the house . So not only do I have to eat costs on the wired ones but also the battery ones in order to get a system that will work with a radio frequency which this model does not have . This was quite an investment on my part and as I said I am very unhappy . Talk to your electrician before you buy and make the appointment with your electrician to do the work before the return deadline . Now I have to sell my system , return it for less than I paid for it , rewire my house , or just install them without the connected feature that I was shopping for in the first place . or just put up five very expensive smoke detectors .
 In 1989 I built my home and had 2-hardwired smoke detectors . Never a problem with them . Decided to change them early 2012 with this combination SD CO alarm model with battery backup.Poor choice . Both units were made September 2011 . A few months after installation I got a replace battery beep from each unit . I replaced the battery in each with Rayovac batteries with an expiration date of 2016 . I checked the batteries removed from the units and both checked good . A couple months later same thing in the middle of the night . Again I replaced the batteries and the removed ones from the units checked good.Last night 12-11-12 at 3:00 AM the one in the hall went off again so I got up and unplugged it . I called Kidde and the technician told me that every 2-months you have to take the units down and vacuum them of dust and ? She also said the units are tested with Energizer and Mallory batteries and that I should replace the batteries again wit one of either brand name . I vacuumed the units and put Energizer batteries with an expiration dat of 2016 in each unit . She also informed me the units will not work with hardwire only.For anyone looking for a new SD I recommend a hardwired unit only and good luck if you decide to buy Kidde .
 Seven of these were installed in a newly renovated house we bought 3 months ago . Now one remains . Constant low battery alerts despite having just changed the -LRB- not cheap -RRB- 9V battery . False smoke alarms up the wazoo . An ear-shattering cacophony every time one went off , as the other 6 units took up the hue and cry . The final blow was 3 carbon monoxide alerts in 2 days , with 1 -RRB- the oil furnace not running , 2 -RRB- no other sources of combustion in the house , and 3 -RRB- my ADT-monitored CO detection system proclaiming all was well.I took down 6 of these and smashed them into plastic dust . My children called me a hero . DO NOT BUY , unless lack of sleep/peace of mind/sanity and visits from the fire company telling you your units are defective are luxuries you can live with .
 This unit detects smoke just fine , but it sure does n't distinguish between a real fire and a bit if smoke from the frying bacon . We get incessant false alarms when we 're cooking . And if you hit the Hush Mode button , should n't it know that two seconds later you still want it hushed ?
 I just removed 8 of these from 3 different rental units . They constantly have false alarms . Buy separate smoke and co detectors .
 Have these units on their own circuit breaker . When a storm went through the breaker was tripped and soon found out these units can not live off a 9V battery for more than a day . They are also good for waking us up at 3 am with false fire alarms . Good way to find yourself in a `` boy who cried wolf '' situation .
 We have had multiple false alarms with this unit . First , we had our furnace company come out and check it , nothing . Then after multiple false alarms today we called 911 and the awesome Spokane Fire Department came out and checked with thier PPM device . The air in our home actually had less CO than outside . This is not good when a machine that is supposed to protect your family continues to have false alarms . DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT !!!!
 I bought and installed this detector less than two weeks ago and it has already crapped out . Last night is went into fire alarm mode and it wo n't stop . The location is smoke free & CO free -LRB- my cellar -RRB- and the battery is fresh . I have another CO sensor in the area so I know that CO is n't a problem since that one is running fine . I tried cleaning the sensor disk by opening the guts of the device -LRB- which voids my so-called warrenty -RRB- but that did n't help either . The Kidde web page is useless in troubleshooting since you get caught is a logic loop that puts you back where you start from when trying to solve this problem . BUYER BEWARE !!!
 We purchased 5 units in June 2011 . Installation was very easy -LRB- the same as most other pre-wired household detectors -RRB- . 5 units took me about 1 hour .11 months later , we had our first unit go into false alarm mode -LRB- fire -RRB- . The LED indicator blinked about once every 15 seconds -LRB- not on their status list -RRB- . Battery replacement does n't help.So my questions as a consumer not answered on their web site :1 -RRB- should I buy another one to replace it ? 2 -RRB- should I invest the time , money , and effort to send `` the alarm with proof of date of purchase , postage and return postage prepaid '' for warranty service ? 3 -RRB- what is the chance that the other 4 units in our house will do the same thing in the next 5 years?So , -1 star for product failure , -1 star for the hassle of pursuing their warranty repair -LRB- how do I prepay return postage on a box ? -RRB- , -1 star because now I WORRY about reliability of the other units that I count on to let me know when there is a fire or CO risk .
 If you buy this product be prepared to be awakened repeatedly in the middle of the night by the unit going off screaming `` Fire ! , Fire ! Firer ! '' and blaring its alarm for no reason . This unit was installed by electrician and is not near a fuel burning appliance or exposed to any other condition that would cause false alarms . It is only 7 months old . Also had problems with it being too sensitive when first got it . None of the other units -LRB- plain smoke detectors -RRB- go off with it or ever have , and we have never experienced this with any prior smoke detectors or CO detectors . And it only happens in the middle of the night . Had to disconnect .
 I was excited to find this alarm since it is much less expensive than at the local hardware store . However , I am very disappointed in what I received , and I am returning this product . The included base was a significantly different color than the alarm -LRB- not true on the other devices I have from the local hardware store -RRB- , and the manufacture date is mid 2008 -LRB- 2010 on the units from the local hardware store -RRB- . The manufacture date is important since the unit `` expires '' 7 years from first use . I realize that this unit should never have been activated , but I do not trust that assumption based on the condition of the base and the packaging .
 I have two of these . I 've had them for about 2 years now and they are both wired for AC power with `` backup '' batteries installed . The `` backup '' battery I installed is a 9V Lithium `` Ultralife '' which is claimed to last 10 years in a regular smoke alarm . I 've replaced the 9V batteries in my units TWICE since installing them -LRB- the second time was today -RRB- . These units are wired into the AC so a low battery condition should not be a critical alarm . BOTH times when the batteries ran down , the alarm went off in the middle of the night -LRB- this morning at 4 AM -RRB- and kept going until I ripped the unit off the ceiling.This unit should not start squawking in the middle of the night and keep doing so every 5 minutes due to a LOW BATTERY . Also , the unit should not drain a 10 year battery in 1 year WHILE IT IS POWERED BY AC 100 % OF THE TIME.I will never buy another Kiddie product .
 I bought several of these to add to and replace some hardwired Firex units in my home . Today , they false alarmed for the first time - nearly 6 months after installation . It was impossible to determine which unit was the trigger for the alarm . The hush button did n't work either . In fact , the button is poorly designed and can get stuck . I replaced the batteries in all of my detectors with fresh ones and still had problems . I am so frustrated with this product .
 We followed the installation instructions , put in brand new `` recommended '' batteries and after 30 minutes of plugging it in kept getting battery low messages . Tried the manufacturers phone line 3 times to get it fixed with no answer , could n't even leave a message ! It took them nearly a week to respond to email , even though I completely explained the problem the only answer they had was to ask a question I had already answered . Needless to say it took them so long to respond the product was out of the 30 day return window . I now have to eat a 15 % restocking fee on a product that never worked .
 I bought two of these the beginning of the month . The end of last week , one of them started `` beeping '' every 30 seconds or so . I looked at the instructions that came with the unit and it stated to call their customer service number . Good luck ! It rang , and rang , and rang . No one picked up , and there was no voice message stating their hours , etc. . I 'll be returning the unit to Amazon , I guess .
 Have 3 in the basement for a few years . Change batteries every 6 mos . All 3 stopped working within 2 weeks -LRB- 2 on the same day -RRB- . Changing battery does not help , they still chirp . I think they are not made to last.Have to change all three . Not Happy .
 This unit was exactly as described - but the units in Amazon 's warehouse must be old stock , the battery had a production date two years ago ! Or Kidde got a deal from Duracell on nearly dead old chinese-made 9v batteries . I did n't realize this until the unit started beeping in the middle of the -LRB- first ! -RRB- night and saying `` Low battery '' . Of course the reason I bought an AC powered alarm was to avoid exactly this scenario . So check your fridge for new batteries if you buy one of these Kidde products from Amazon .
 I got this without a mounting hardware . It was missing ... it looks like an open item . Otherwise , it 's ok.Please , Make sure you have everything after you receive the packege .
 This unit woke me up at 3am by repeatedly beeping and speaking `` low battery '' in the middle of the night . Owing to the cheap , plastic construction of the case , I could not get the cover off to remove the battery . In the process of attempting to do so , the wires connecting the unit into the building 's electrical system became detached , sending sparks flying . Do n't buy this unit unless you 're looking to deprive yourself of sleep and introduce a fire hazard into your home .
 The unit that was shipped must have been a previous return . It had no battery installed , had no mounting plate and the alarm sounded once wired with no way to turn it off . I returned it immediately .
 Advertised as a good purchase with the tire , this tube did not work . Poor angle of the stem . Used the tire as a tubeless .
 Tire would n't hold air and is a piece of junk ... Do n't waste your time and I do n't recommend you purchase it .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 Reviews complaining about damage caused by shipping have to be taken with a grain of salt . Afterall , a lazy UPS or Fedex worker is a variable that should be ignored when considering a product.However , sometimes you receive a sealed manufacturers box that has been shipped and say to yourself that there is no way that even 1 out of 100 of these make it to their destination unbroken.Both of the Astra-Lav sinks I purchased -LRB- and these were the smaller ones 31x22 -RRB- were broken in so many pieces , I could hear the rattle as the UPS driver carried them off the truck . The UPS driver and I looked at the boxes and through the handle holes and just shook our heads - no styrofoam , no plastics , no zip ties . just the sink sitting loose inside a flimsy box.Fortunately , I was able to refuse shipment and not have to deal with sending them back , but unless they change the packaging on these , I ca n't see how any would make it delivered without being broken.I guess you can take your chances at this price and maybe I 'll try again if I see a review here that says they received one of these unbroken .
 I felt the bricks looked nice along my driveway until I found out I had a bad solar light.I e-mailed the manufacture to get a replacement.They e-mailed me back with a request for my PO number that I mailed to them that day.It has been three weeks with no relpy and no replacement solar light.I was going to place another order but with the poor service I changed my mind .
 In Amazon web site there is no description on how many solar ligths you get in the 20 feet box , I was surprised to see only 4 solar lights plastic bricks in 20 feet of plastic bricks.I think the description of the product is misleading , be aware before you think about buying this product.The picture portraits several solar lights total of eight but you get only four .
 I decided to replace the male end of a garden hose with this . It seemed to install ok , and looked tight . The first time I applied pressure though , the coupler blew apart . The steel claw ring slid right off the brass part . They are n't even soldered , they 're just kind of pressed together . The claw is still attached to the piece of hose I cut off to try a better product.It did n't cost enough to be worth sending back , but it is a waste of time and money to buy and install . Use something else , probably ANYTHING else is better . This did n't give me ten seconds of service . It is a complete piece of crap , and I will avoid Gilmour products in the future .
 The whole thing fell apart on the first use . Hose would not hold pressure , sending water jetting all over the garage . Trie to fix it with hose clamps , but these are so cheep that the hose clamps collapsed the couplers . Total waste of money .
 this was purchased it got here on time but after only about a mile of being inflated -LRB- below the 30 psi max -RRB- it just deflated , not it has a very large hole in it and I never ran over any sharp objects , this is a poor product .
 I am a homeowner . I rarely use this compressor and thought it was a `` good one '' . I have used it less than 10 times in 1 year and the regulator is broken . They -LRB- Dewalt -RRB- are sending me a repair kit as a `` favor '' so we 'll see if that fixes it . If your compressor lasts this long it is not worth much ! This thing also puts out a lot of ozone when it runs ... the electric motor must be doing this you can smell it !
 I bought the DeWalt D55146 from big orange 2 months ago . It died today after only two months of daily use . The last two or three days it sounded like it was laboring and it was taking a lot longer to bring the tank up to pressure . Now it does n't make a peep . No idea what 's wrong , and do n't intend to mess with it . I 'm taking it back for a refund , or possible replacement , under big orange 's 90 day return policy.The other poster 's comment about the drain position is right on . It 's a pain in the rear to bleed it down and get the moisture out . I added an 8 '' drain line extending to the side with the valve at the end . Makes it much easier to reach . But having to prop it up at 45 degree angle to get the water out is a significant design deficiency .
 I really liked this compressor for the first year and a half . It was easy to move around or load into the truck and worked well enough for my needs . Then the regulator started leaking ... The nearest authorized service center was 75 miles away so DeWalt sent me an O-ring kit . Two weeks later , when the kit finally arrived , and after 10 minutes to install it I was back in business.It 's been less than a year since replacing the o-rings and I think the motor has burned up :-LRB- I AM REALLY DISSAPOINTED IN THIS COMPRESSOR ! For the price I could have bought 2 of another brand.If you buy this to air up the kids bicycle tires , you will love it ! If you have work to do , this would be a poor choice .
 Amazon needs to sort out their shipping and handling !!! I recieved this unit with the shipping box open -LRB- the tape had came off -RRB- this was n't a problem until I realise the box was upside down so the unit must have fell out of the bottom of the box . The unit appeared to be fine but after 10 minutes of use the motor stopped working . It looked like the fan had been broken which caused the motor to overheat . Amazon was good about sending a replacement and having the broken one shipped back free of charge , but keep in mind this unit WEIGHS 87LBS not very easy to get back to the UPS store to send back ! . So I then recieved a second unit yesterday from Amazon . This unit had a dint in the metal handle ... not a deal breaker as I can live with that , however the regulator dial does n't function at all ! Two units and both damaged . Im taking the unit back yet again to the UPS store to send back today and getting my money back to purchase it from a local store instead . The unit itself is exactly what I want and really like it but ca n't keep going on with recieving damaged goods !
 I bought this product a year ago and within a few uses , the air leak around the regulator started and has rendered this product useless . This flaw in design should have been corrected by now . I 'm frustrated to see people with the same complaint from 4 years ago.What a waste of $ 300 .
 I am very disappointed with this compressor . After using it a couple of times it stopped working . When I 've bought Dewalt in the past their products have always been high quality and have lasted a long time . This however is a piece of junk.To make matters worse support was unhelpful and the only solution they offered would be for one of my employees to take it to a service center -LRB- 20 miles away -RRB- , wait a week or so , and then go pick it up . They would n't mail a replacement part or let us mail the entire thing in for service.The one good thing is that it stopped working so quickly that it was still covered by Amazon 's 30 day return policy so we were able to return it to Amazon for a full refund.I advise everyone to stay far away from this compressor and purchase something else .
 This looked a good price for small Compressor with wheels . I purchased this as a birthday gift for my son who lives in another State . It came with free shipping which was great so that I did n't have to worry about weight costs . The first one he received had trouble starting and when it did it only worked for ten minutes then died . Amazon said he could ship it back for free and get a replacement , which he did . When the second one arrived the box it came in was not damaged but the compressor had dents in it , the pressure gauge was also not working . He shipped it back again and I asked for my money back . I sent him a check and he purchased one from a store .
 i order mine form amazon brand new . frist amazon need to update this air compressor it ` s -LRB- 1.6 -RRB- hp not -LRB- 1.8 -RRB- hp also brand new unit with air leaking in switch area . Very disappointing .
 Bought from Lowe 's for $ 329 . Followed all the start-up procedures , ran it for 5 minutes and the tank pressure gauge would not go beyond zero . Tried it 3 times , and checking thoroughly both the drain and safety valves , but the resultsare still the same . I 'll be returning this tomorrow and request replacement otherwise I go for another brand .
 I purchased my DeWALT D55146 on 4/25/2007 and have a reoccurring problem . I had it for 3 months when it began leaking air from around the pressure adjusting valve . I took it to an authorized repair shop . It was repaired under the warranty , but the part was on back order and it stayed in the shop for over 4 months . The same problem has again occurred and of course it is now out of warranty . I took it back to the shop and I 'm told the repair kit is on back order until September.I am very disappointed with this compressor and the availability of parts ! It has spent almost as much time in the shop waiting for parts as it has in service . The fact that the replacement parts always on back order would seem to indicate that there is a problem with the design and/or manufacture of this model.The specs for this model look great on paper , but it has not performed well .
 Bought this compressor a few years ago . I 'm a contractor and need a portable , powerful compressor for nail guns , etc. . This is a powerful compressor and easy to get around , however I believe there is a design flaw on the outlet tube and compression nut assembly that runs the air from the compressor head to the tank . The tank is mounted solid and the motor has rubber mounts with a rigid tube between the two . The vibration translates from the motor through the tube and severs the outlet tube inside the compression assembly nut where it enters the tank . I can get 30-40 hours out of it before it severs . I keep ereplacementparts.com in busniess . In fact I buy two sets of parts at a time so I have less down time . I have since purchased a backup . I just ordered the 5th and 6th set of parts to repair and have on hand for the next time it breaks . If I could replace it with a flexible outlet tube , I believe it would be the last time it would have to be repaired . DeWALT has not been very responsive to my inquiries about this problem .
 After researching compressors for six months Iwas very confident that I was buying the bestin , or even near , this price range . It seemed tobe in good condition when I received it - I helpedunload it myself . Box was in great shape and nodings at all on the compressor.I did everything by the book - the initial breakingin , etc. . Neither gauge was working properly . Thepressure regulator was cranked down so tight that Icould not tell if it was fully open or closed at first.I had to take off the knob and loosen the regulatorstem with a wrench - absolutely ridiculous . I eventuallygot the regulated pressure gauge to free up but no luckat all with the tank pressure gauge.These issues should have been addressed with even themost rudimentary quality control inspection at themanufacturing facility.I will update in the near future to let everyone knowhow Amazon and / or DeWalt address this , and hopefully Iwill be writing a glowing review like those people withworking compressors.Frankly , I expect better for $ 349.00 - who would n't ?
 This compressor works well except for the pressure regulating valve leaking air . It was fixed once while under warranty and now is leaking again . The leaking is substantial enough that the compressor runs non-stop . Extremely irritating .
 I plugged in the product and it built up pressure as expected ; all seemed well . Then , I turned off the unit to find that the clamp on the hose to the regulator had never been clenched ! The thing leaked like a screen door in a submarine . Obviously it had never been tested before shipment ! Very disappointing ! Must be a `` Made in China thing '' ! Makita from here on in !
 Received my compressor on time , box arrived opened and looking like they ran out of room in the truck and drug it behind the vehicle . Compressor motor mount was broken along with tubing . UPS picked up the next day , and am waiting for the second shipment . Will update when it arrives.Received the replacement compressor Friday . Opened the box and again I received a damaged compressor . The lift handle -LRB- mounted on the tank -RRB- was broken . I will contact Dewalt and see if they can send me a replacment handle.So far , they are 0 for 2 on shipping . Either UPS needs to be more careful or Dewalt needs to improve the packaging .
 Do not buy this lamp . I could not even turn it on . The directions are very difficult to understand and the charger would not work . I would have returned it , but I threw out the box before I discovered the problem . It will go in the trash .
 This wheel is not made very well . I bought this wheel because it has a counter reset on the handle . The construction is of mostly plastic and not made for daily commercial use . The reset button broke within the first week of using the wheel . After fixing the broken button , it works , but not as well as it should . If you are looking for a wheel for everyday use , buy a more expensive one , as you will not feel like you can depend on this wheel .
 this company advertised 4 clamps for the price they listed . they informed that was a misprint and it should have been only 1 clamp . they did issue a $ 10.00 credit . i wo n't buy from them again . bob g.
 This Water heater worked great for the first six months . Then one day it just would stay in standby mode , never would turn on to heat the water . Had to send the entire unit back to the main shop in Florida . Total of 3 weeks to get water heater back , that 's a long time to be without hot water in winter time . Installed the unit that was supposed to be fixed , it will now turn on to heat the water , but the water does n't get hot . It wo n't get above 75 degrees . Before the issue it worked great , but not worth the hassle we should n't have to be worrying about what to do for hot water . That 's why we switched , we thought it would last long time now out all the cost of extra wiring and modifications to go this route . Would have been cheaper to stick with tank heater which I 'm going back to . They just wants us to send unit back again to look at fixing .
 Bought one of these in March , installed in June . It lasted a week before the flow switch failed . Had to ship it back for a warranty repair . Got it back and it worked for around three months . During that time I started noticing metal flakes in the water and one time found a coil obstructing my faucet head . Not too long after that it stopped working and I had to send it in for warranty repair , again paying for shipping . This time when I got it back , it produced barely warm water right after it was installed . I complained about the lack of repair to them and now they are giving me the run-around . I would not recommend this product or company to anyone .
 I installed one of these units in my Chesapeake Virginia home about two years ago . I moved and rented the property a year later . The N210 is great `` when it works '' , however , reliability is an issue . Three weeks ago my tenants informed me that there was a problem with the hot water . I went and checked that all electrical connections were tight , and reseated the optocoupler microcircuits on the controller board . The unit worked for another two weeks and then failed again . The manufacturer says that , if I send them the unit , they will refurbish it and give me another 1 year warrantee . That 's great ... but what are my tenanats supposed to do for the week -LRB- or so -RRB- that the unit is at the manufacturer ? The regrettable solution was to remove the N210 and replace it with a tank type water heater . The N210 had replaced hot water created by an oil fired boiler , so refitting for a tank type water heater required re-plumbing again ! I am getting pretty good with a torch and copper .
 I bought the Titan N-210 a couple of months ago , as a fomer electrician with considerable plumbing and construction experience , i did the install myself and the unit worked fairly well for about 3 weeks . One evening of that 3rd week we noticed the unit had begun to make a loud popping sound as if it was arcing electrically inside it 's cabinet . I contacted the folks in Miami and returned it at a cost of $ 26.00 and some change . I received a new unit and was told that mine appeared to have fallen victim to an electrical surge . Funny thing is that I have whole house surge protection and a generous assortment of PC 's , Laptops , TV 's , etc. . . none of the other far more sensitive electronics showed any signs of failure or problems of any kind . It took me a couple of weeks to take the time to re-install the new unit , I then purged the lines by running water for several miniutes to flush out any air . I powered the unit up , turned it on and voila , hot water ... then about 30 minutes later it refused to power back up when the water was turned on . I contacted the company , was told I must be doing something wrong , put a meter on it to check voltages while speaking with their rep , it was determined that the main `` board '' was not working and they sent me another . In the process of testing the unit , I found a couple of wires were loose and tightend their `` ligs '' to secure the connections . I replaced the board after it arrived , the unit powered up and the display reead the voltage at 240 , then flashed and displayed 114 ... and the water started to heat , so far , so good ... about one hour later my daughter complained that she could not ghet any hot water for her bath ... I contacted the company , obtained the return authorization and sent it back ... now waiting for a refund . By the way , I am now out over $ 50.00 's for return shipping and not sure of the refund , though I received an RA ???
 this is the biggest piece of excrement i ever purchased , especially for so much money . i purposely bought the model for high demand and cold climates and it just doesnt work ! it makes the water warm at best on its highest setting . i have a hard time explaining how completely dissappointed i am in this water heater -LRB- i use that term loosely -RRB- . if possible this would be a zero star review , but i had to give it at least 1 star .
 This is a waste of money if you ask me . It blows loudly and takes forever to blow anything up
 Bought a few years ago ; lasted 2 years with perhaps 1 use every 2 months.Save your money and shop around via Internet on a more reliable compressor
 I have an issue with the ASI300 regarding the warranty and the rated maximum pressure . The box says 1 year warranty -LRB- not 2 yr . -RRB- . Also the box says 160 max psi but on the unit label it specifies 120 max psi . Your website information about the ASI300 is misleading .
 Very inconvenient to use . The hose and cord are much too short . I have to use an extension cord and move the pump around too much . The old model had a long cord and a long hose and was much easier to use .
 After a year of light use the unit would no longer work when connected to an outlet . It still works when connected to a car 's lighter outlet . Trouble is I needed both . Some Black & Decker stuff is champion , like my battery mower and drills . Some of it is crap , like my power washer and this air station .
 I purchased this item late 2011 . The plastic tip that connects the air hose to the tire snapped while I was trying to add air to my tire . This was during an extremely cold day in winter . I tried to replace the part , but BlackandDecker wants $ 8.00 + for the part , and $ 10.00 + to ship it by standard mail . $ 20.00 to replace a part the is cheaply made . If you live in a cold area , I would advise you the purchase another type of unit that has a brass connector .
 B&D ; AirStation has a non user-serviceable fuse -LRB- soldered to the internal circuit board -RRB- which seems to regularly blow out for many customers -LRB- including me -RRB- . I returned mine for refund . Note that the 12v input uses a separate circuit , so if your fuse blows you may still be able to make use of the AirStation with the 12v plug in your car.Hopefully in a future model B&D ; would :1 . -RRB- add a circuit breaker on this unit 's panel in place of the internal fuse2 . -RRB- make the one or both of of the air hose and the 120v cord slightly longer3 . -RRB- design the storage for the 12v cord such that it does n't obstruct use of the switchUntil then , I recommend buying a manual floor pump instead , else spend a little more and buy a small industrial air compressor .
 This inflator might be okay for bicycle tires and light duty small tires , but it does not work with larger inflation jobs at all , especially jobs requiring inflation pressures above 60 lbs psi . On my car tires , to raise the pressure from 35 to 40 , it took nearly 10 Minutes per tire -LRB- that 's 40 minutes for the car !! -RRB- ! And on my truck tires , the unit would not inflate the tires about 62 lbs ! It just kept running , with no increase in pressure . Do NOT buy this unit if you expect to use it regularly on car or truck tires .
 I had my Air Station for a little over 2 years ... enough time for the warranty to run out . It worked fine , and I did n't use it very often until it just stopped . I suspect it 's the fuse as I 've heard from other reports over the internet . I called their repair center , and they said it 's not repairable . I have an older inflator from another company , and I 've used that for at least 10 years . My older one was built in the U.S. . This more recent one from Black and Decker I think is from China . I obviously would not buy this again , and I would recommend you save your money for something of better quality .
 I bought this so i would n't have to haul around my big compressor to pump up tires , unfortunately it is n't powerful enough to do tires , unless you have nothing but time to burn
 Great packaging , but it fails at the critical aspect ; ability to pump quickly.Bought a small baby pool and it took more than 6 hours to get it pumped . Not acceptable !
 Works great until you blow the fuse located on the circuit board . It can be replace , if you are handy with a soldering iron . Still works on DC , but that 's not why I purchased it . I have to agree , Black and Decker quality is not what it once was .
 I bought this in 2008 , used it about 20 times -LRB- on 120VAC power -RRB- to fill bicycle tires - it worked fine and then in 2012 it failed . Read about multiple people having problems with the internal , non replaceable fuse blowing out . I dismantled the unit and checked - the internal fuse was blown , but that was because something else in the circuitry was blown out . Had to toss the unit . This unit spent most of its life indoors in its original box . This is not the reliability I 'd expect from a Black and Decker product - especially from a product that might be needed in an roadside situation .
 This worked great for about a year . Used it to top off tire presure on car tires , fill bike tires etc. . Pulled it out last week to pump up a bike tire , switched it on and got nothing . Checked everything , then googled the problem and found that this is not only common , but that Black and Decker has made a product with a fuse that is not made to be replaced by the customer - it 's soldered into a circuit board . Poor design , poor businss decision . Buy this only if you can afford to replace it yearly.See the link to their website for additional complaints
 I purchased this inflator and I did not use it on a daily basis . One morning I was checking tire pressures on my wife 's car due to a change in the temperature . And started to add air to one of the tires , I started to smell something burning and this compressor then stopped working and was very hot . We were using this inflator for only two months and as I indicated we did not use on a daily basis . So do not waste your hard earned money by purchasing this brand . Also the nearest service center was over 25 miles from our home and we live in the Chicago Area so do not count on customer support from Black and Decker .
 I purchased this with the hopes that it would be better than the one I purchased for $ 10 at my local auto part store . But it ended up being totally worthless since after two uses , the cheap plastic locking mechanism that locks in place on the valve steam for inflation broke and rendered the Black & Decker ASI300 totally useless.If you are considering buying a reliable tire inflation unit , do n't waste your money buying this item . Make sure that what you buy has metal locking tip at the end of the hose otherwise , it will last you as long as it did to me .
 I had this unit for just over a year and I didnt really use it much and it just stopped working . Not worth the money .
 After a handful of uses over a few months , the fuse blew . Huge headache to replace it . It does n't make a lot of sense why B&D would have a fuse that you ca n't replace . Looking for a new unit now , definitely not going with B&D .
 1 -RRB- I tried it on my car tires and it stopped inflating just a few seconds after it was started , well below the pressure level I set at the built-in pressure gauge . I also tried it on my soccer balls and it also stopped below the pressure level .2 -RRB- The pressure gauge pointer is about 1.5 mm wide and it is not clear which edge -LRB- upper , middle or lower -RRB- it is supposed to be aligned with the PSI range which does not have accurate readings itself . It claimed to be + / -3 % accurate which is a joke .
 This product works well as an air pump . However , a tiny internal fuse is guaranteed to blow with regular use . I have had two pumps and both fuses blew within 7 months.The fuse is not a user serviceable part . Had B&D ; designed the unit with a user replaceable fuse , replacement would be a minor annoyance . However , the complexity of replacing the fuse means that this product is a disposable unit that will clog landfills needlessly.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I saw this in a retail store , and this looked really useful for the bike , car , and unicycle tires that we need to refill . It has convenient features , easily switchable from 110V -LRB- with a short , permanently-attached AC cord -RRB- to 12V -LRB- with a removable low-voltage cable and cigarette-lighter plug -RRB- . I used it twice in the garage , and it worked great . Then my wife slid on the ice and bumped a curb , and her tire needed a boost of air . I met her with the ASI300 and my warm winter gloves , plugged in the compressor to her cigarette lighter , and snapped the plastic connector on the end of the short air hose onto the valve stem . BUT rather than snapping on , the connector snapped into six pieces . Granted , the temperature was -10 degrees F , but these condition happen in Iowa.My disappointment is that an otherwise useful product with generally good design and features is spoiled by this low-quality plastic part , that gets used every time the device is used . I did not abuse it -LRB- other than the cold -RRB- , but now it is useless and non-repairable ! So I am returning it , thankful that at least it broke soon while I can still return it -LRB- only two weeks since purchase -RRB- . Looking through more products and reviews , I have ordered the Viair 90P Portable Air Compressor Kit for a bit higher cost as a replacement . Viair makes a wide range of similar small units , but they use stainless steel valves rather than the plastic of this Black and Decker . Viair is not as familiar a name to consumers , but Semi Truck Drivers and others who use these products know Viair has a very good reputation . I will add my review of the Viair 90P after I have a chance to use it .
 I got the product out of the box and tried to use it . When I went to lock the plastic piece on to my tire it broke in to 3 pieces .
 I got this back in October . It was good while it lasted . I could plug it into my lighter and the cord was long enough for me to reach to all the tires of my Honda Odyssey . It has attachments to use at home to inflate my children 's toys . It 's a compact machine I kept in my car for emergencies , and I seemed to have a lot of those.The dial worked as advertised , though it was difficult to see exactly where 37 PPI would be . When I got out my little tire gauge , it was always pretty close to what I wanted.This little machine broke last weekend when I tried to use it to pump 100 balloons . We were using both this compressor and my Intex Quickfill pump . The Quickfill was definitely faster , but the Air Station was doing its job . Then , it just stopped and it has n't worked since .
 bought one in february . used it about 4-5 times per week for bike tires . first unit failed in july . cost me money to mail it back to blackanddecker . received replacement in august , which broke in november . now will cost more to send that one back again . worked fine until it broke , but just not a product that can function in an everyday use type of situation . I need a more robust compressor with a tank .
 Everything about this product is a disappointment . The short power cable , the short air hose , cheap accessory needles . Power switch is buried behind the vehicle power cord . Nothing is easy to store away . The dial on the top of the unit is a nice idea , but again falls miserably short . My father owned the original Air Station and it was terrific ... this is a far cry from the original . Black and Decker has horrible customer service and -LRB- sad to say -RRB- puts out a horrible product . Do not be fooled by the low price ... buying this would be a mistake .
 I bought this thinking it would provide me a few good years of service , but it lasted a bit over a month.The compressor worked well and pretty quickly . A bit of a pain as to the location of the on/off switch in the cord storage area , but the auto shut-off feature was very nice.Then I took it out today to inflate my snowblower tires and the nozzle literally broke apart . Seems that the business end of this compressor should be less fragile . Very disappointed .
 The first time I tried to use this the lever on the fill nozzle broke off rendering the whole pump useless .
 I got this product because I wanted to be able to power it through the power outlet in my garage , rather than the car 's cig lighter . It worked fine for the first tire . When I got to second tire and connected it to my tire air valve , the plastic connector broke . I figured I was going to get more uses out of this ...
 My first Amazon review
 Great points
 I just used my new B&D As1300 Air Station for the 1st time and was greatly disappointed . I had a older model that worked much better and faster and had longer power and inflation cords . When using the inflator , the storage compartment door must be left open which makes turning the air station on and off very awkward . The only part that broke on my old air station was the plastic valve stem attachment which I could not replace . If I had bought this new air station from a local retailer I would return it for a refund .
 This thing could n't blow the fuzz off a dandelion.The description says it can be used for camping mattresses , but in the time it takes to blow one up , you could weave an entire hammock.Buy it for blowing up bike tires if you ca n't operate a bike pump . Otherwise , a waste of $ 50 .
 This inflator is poorly designed and engineered . The position of the on/off button is horrible and hoses can not be left out without keeping the door open , which makes access to the on/off button even harder . But a bigger problem is that the analogue gauge is terribly inaccurate , it hardly works and Black and Decker admits that in the manual -LRB- check with another gauge -RRB- . Finally , if you interrupts inflating , you need to turn of the device completely before continuing . I returned this item .
 What a joke this thing is . To inflate the tire on our van I would hook it up at a commercial break and go out during the next commercial break and it still would n't be done inflating the tire . I sent it back . I got better things to do with my life than wait on a tire to be inflated .
 SORRY BUT THIS IS A REAL PIECE OF CRAP ! IT IS TOTALLY UNDERPOWERED , TAKING 20 MINUTES TO INFLATE A POOL TUBE . THE CORD IS 16 '' LONG , WHICH REQUIRES YOU TO SIT ON THE FLOOR BY AN OUT LET TO INFLATE SOMETHING IF YOU DONT HAVE AN EXTENSION CORD . SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 I never could get the gauge to calibrate to the correct reading . I found my tires were always overinflated or underinflated . I ended up junking it - waste of money .
 In summary
 This is the second unit that I bought . The first one was one year old and died when I tried to inflate a wheelbarrow at a home located at 6100 ft elevation . I thought the unit had died a natural death until the second unit which was brand new also died . No where in the BD manual did it warn about not using at certain elevations .
 The product is complete - but it appears to cheaply made - it takes a LONG TIME to add air to tires . I am going to return this unit and look for something else .
 It would be a good inflator , but for some strange reason the manufacturer limited the length of the electric cord to a foot and a half , not even long enough to leave it setting on the floor while I pump up bike tires . I have to get an extension cord every time I want to use this pump . I called Black and Decker to inquire about this design mistake but was not given an adequate explanation as to why the power cord is so short . I had a previous Black & Decker inflator that lasted twenty years and it worked and functioned very well.Many pumps priced at up to the cost of this Black & Decker ASI300 , and now on the market work only by plugging them into cigarette lighters , in fact I have yet to find one that plugs in to A/C . I have n't been able to find any brand of pump that would function as well as my old Black and Decker or I would quickly return this ASI300 for a refund .
 I have found this product to be inferior in every way . Loud . Slow to fill tires . Awkward placement of the on/off toggle . Short power chord . I could forgive all of these short comings however , if it could do just one thing ; fill more that 10 tires without blowing a non replaceable internal fuse . The first time it blew B&D sent me a new one without question . The second time it blew they said since they already sent me a new one the first time , I would have to take this one it to an authorized repair facility and I would need an original receipt to do so . I ca n't find it -LRB- of course -RRB- so now I have a big orange paper weight . Read the other reviews , this appears to be a common problem . If you do buy this make sure you keep your receipt in a safe place . You will need it often .
 Extremely loud when running , and extremely slow regardless of the item you are inflating . You have to literally cram the hose and wires into the storage compartment in order to get them inside , then you need to worry about pinching a line or cord when you close the cover . The hose attachments fit nice underneath but none of them fit air mattresses or the larger air holes . Also , the AC electrical cord is SO SHORT that it is almost impossible to use this product without an extension cord , which defeats the purpose of its compact design . Skip this item and spend a little more money on a better product . Sorry Black & Decker , you normally make good products but this one is lousy .
 May be ok for bike tires but that is about it . Tried topping off my motorhome tires with this unit and never finished . Both the 12 volt and 120 volt pump stopped working . Very disappointing . Also seemed to act erratic at times as mentioned in other reviews .
 Used once and quit working on ac power . DC still works but not sure for how long .
 I plugged it in and turned it on and smoke came out everywhere - obviously defective
 Got a few problems with this product . The on/off/ac / dc button is not conviently placed . The dc plug and wire cover the button . Their is no handle . It 's very slow . I filled my 4 tires from about 30psi to 45psi and it took over 30mins . Worst of all - It broke after less than 10 uses . It 's too late to return it so I lost out . Buy something better . Dont waste ur money .
 I 've owned two of these and it did not take long for the fuses to blow.A total waste of money . If you feel like throwing $ 50 away , buy it .
 The weight indicator did not work from the very beginning however it does serve its purpose .
 Dave try to inflate tires , but inflator no start . Dave find gauge needle on wrong side of selection marker , meaning unit can not ever turn on . Graah ! Poor quality control make Dave ANGRY!Dave want to smash stupid plastic thing , but Dave fear this may invalidate return policy.UPDATE
 I purchased this for school to be used as a multipurpose pump.The blurb stated that it had an inflation needle for balls and valves for inflating a variety of items ... . it did n't come with any attachments and trying to contact amazon and the vendor has been a dead end ... . so as far as customer support that has been a dead end.The power cord is only 1 ft long so I have to use an extension cord.The only real positive is being able to set the psi by rotating a dial.The hose is also short , we have a bike program at our school so that when I have to inflate bike tires I have to use two chairs , one for the pump and one for the bike so that I can put the wheel of the bike on a chair and the pump on a chair next to it ... . its not an easy thing to do.The pressure gauge is on the only plus for this pump.Knowing what I know I would not recommend this pump for purchase it simply has too many issues and forget customer service .
 As others have mentioned , the fuse on the AC power supply is a problem . It is soldered in , and not replaceable by most people . Mine just went with a little less than a year of occasional use . I have n't replaced it yet so I do n't know if there 's a bigger problem than just the fuse . It does still work on the DC side . Because of this I ca n't recommend the unit .
 We bought it to inflate a small bouce house . The first time we used it , it stopped working within 10 minutes before the bounce house is inflated .
 Some things you ca n't tell until it arrives at your house
 1 . The valve adaptor -LRB- that mates to the tire valve stem -RRB- is made of plastic . My experience is that these are typically metal . It broke on the fifth tire I tried to fill up , without any particularly excessive force .2 . The on/off button is located underneath where the 12V power cord is stored . So even if you are using the AC/plug , you still have to remove the unused 12V cord and have it lay next to the unit .3 . The setting for pressure target is convenient , but not close to accurate . I set the target at 30 psi and filled car tires , per the gauge , and my tpms still reported low pressure . Measured with a couple of different pressure gauges , and they read back 26 to 27psi .2 & 3 I can work around , and I would otherwise have rated the unit maybe 3 stars . But with plastic where there should be metal , and that the unit has already broken and become unusable on the first day I tried to use it , I have to recommend DO N'T BUY!I will try to get Black & Decker to replace the valve adaptor , and will see how their customer service goes . If they do replace it , I will have to unfortunately be &#34; extra gentle &#34; in using it .
 This thing is n't good . Just buy a real compressor . You have to set a dial to the pressure you want , plug it in , and it goes until that level is reached and cuts off . No way to just press a button and air comes out . I regret this purchase .
 I liked everything about this unit until the internal fuse blew on it after 3 years of occasional use . As another reviewer states , you can replace it easily enough if you 're willing to crack open the unit and solder in a new one on the circuit board , but if that does n't sound attractive then consider yourself warned . A shame really ; everything else about it is great .
 This unit works as advertised initially but not when plugged into car power supply after 20 or so inflations . I used it to inflate a slow leaking tire on my vehicle and to inflate my son 's toys occasionally . I would return the unit but it has been over a year since I purchased it and it still works if I plug it in to a wall socket . Very helpful tool if it were more durable and reliable . As it is I would not count on this tool or purchase again !
 Purchased brand new , mine crapped out on me after a grand total of three uses . Made predominantly from cheap plastic . The cords are unwieldy , no one thought about practical utility . In my opinion this product should not bear the name of a U.S. company .
 Obviously these inflators are not built to stand up under even light usage . Like several others reviewers , my inflator died in the middle of adding a couple of psi to a set of tires . Since this is something that is not user repairable , I have to take it 20 miles to the B&D repair center so they can order a new one under warranty . This is particularly annoying because this one was a replacement for my original one that had the same problem . I 'm seriously considering just buying a different brand .
 The system is designed in such a way that you have to pull the 12v cord out of small storage location to get at the power switch . Therefore if you are using the 120v plug , you have to pull out the 12 volt cord anyway , and it just kind of flops around . The power switch should not be buried in this little cubby hole behind the 12v cord . Oddly , the 120v cord and the inflation hose are very short , just like in the picture , which means you have to place the unit very close to power , and right next to whatever you are inflating . Poor design . Otherwise , the inflator blows things up as advertised .
 This item is way over the cost , I had gone camping and had brought along a small air compressor that I purchased for 9.99 at Big Lots . After 1 hr my air mattress had enough air to sleep on it . First thing I did when I got back was to look for a new air pump . Based on the reviews , the description and the name -LRB- Black and Decker -RRB- I purchased this one . Tried it the same day I received it , NOPE same amount of air being pushed out as the cheep 9.99 one . Still took over 1 hr to blow up the mattress . Returned item .
 I used this moderately 3 times over maybe 6months , and on the 4th time , it cut out just as I turned it on . There is no replaceable fuse ... so that 's $ 45 thrown away . Avoid this product .
 This product worked a total of FIVE SECONDS and that was it ! Just the motor ran , did not produce ANY air . Returned for refund !
 My product died after 20 month , and was not used very much . Was a little slow in pumping up car tire . Pressure reading on dial is very inaccurate . Having 2 types of power cords is nice -LRB- car and wall outlet -RRB- . But , the power cord for the wall is too short . Good price point , but not sure if worth it .
 I had the Airstation for about two couple years , but I only used it 5-10 times . It has now stopped working on AC power , and it puts out less air than it used to on DC power . This product will only frustrate you when you need it .
 I 've had this for just under a year . Today it stopped working on AC power and only works on the cigarette lighter adapter . I 'm going to try to return it through B&D . It worked fine before then . The version I have n't does n't have a fuse in the back as pictured . This is the 2nd B&D product I 've bought in the last two years that 's been defective . If I get a refund I wo n't be buying this one again .
 I have been using this little compressor for over two years and loved it . I say loved , past tense , because it suddenly would not power up on AC or DC and after reading , calling , emailing , checking ... it does not have a serviceable fuse . Such a small thing , but obviously planned obsolescence . Maybe B&D does n't want you to be able to keep it going long enough to wear out . I was very disappointed , because I really liked many of the features that people have mentioned and if I had reviewed this 3 days ago I would have given it 4 or 5 stars ! If you want something to last more than two years , this is not the unit to buy .
 Received air compressor from Amazon and tried it out.Bicycle tires . Compressor comes with standard schrader tire filler and also although you could n't tell from the manufacturer 's data , adapters for sports balls and guessing bicycle presta valves . I say guessing for the presta valves as it works so poorly it is hard to imagine it was designed for such , but looking at it , hard to imagine it was meant for anything else . With effort , managed to fill one bike tire using it but decided that would be it . Ended up cutting off the manufacturer supplied filler and installing my own presta filler.Unit is fairly noisy , not such a big deal but not pleasant to listen to either . Taking a 700C tire from 60 lbs to 105 lbs took about 1 minute . Using my own filler , once in place , was a hands free operation.As others have noted , both the AC power cord and the air hose are pretty short . There is a DC power cord that is substantially longer , probably long enough to where you could plug it into the 12VDC accessory in your car and use it to inflate tires on same.Switch is hidden on the back of the unit . I would rather it was on top.Also took the opportunity to fill car tires . Smallish tires , low profile for Infinity sedan , going from 36 lbs to 42 lbs took on the order of 5 minutes . Ok for a tire , if you had many to do , probably quicker to drive to the gas station.Unit is ok for the price . Giving it only 3 stars out of five for the short cord and hose and the lack of a decent presta valve adapter.PS . Unit died 1 week after Amazon return ended . Still functions in DC , but the AC no longer does .
 to fill an auto tire , set the desired PSI to the highest setting possible then disconnect when reached if you are lucky . anything lower and the pump shuts off almost immediately .
 Considering its not something used every day it should have lasted longer.stopped working today . 2 years 10 months . I used it about once a month.I will be conservative and say It was used 50 times max . It worked ok . A little slow and noisy . Gauge is hard to read . All in all I would n't suggest this unit .
 In spite of how slow it was , this seemed really handy at first , and the auto shut off feature is really slick . Unfortunately , as long as it worked , it was so loud I literally wore hearing protection every time I used it.It stopped working after I had topped off I guess more than a dozen but less than 20 tires . I believe the internal fuse blew - should n't have been a big deal . This was when I discovered that it truly is a disposable product . They sell no parts for it , and even the Black & Decker service facility I took the compressor to could not replace the fuse ! I did not have my receipt so they refused to replace it . They did offer to throw it away for me and I let them.I know the modern trend is to build everything in China and replace it when it breaks . But an air compressor turned permanently into junk because you ca n't even replace the fuse ? And a company like Black & Decker that just expects you to buy another one ? The competing product from Slime is much more highly rated so I just ordered one of those . I guess I will try to avoid Black and Decker products from this point forward .
 This little inflator is not as good as the Kobalt 12V/120V air inflator they carry in your local Lowe 's Hardware store . The Kobalt has all the same features as the Black and Decker , for $ 39.00 , including the auto shutoff when the desired pressure is reached . I found the Kobalt a more compact unit , with the same features , for alot less money . It even comes with two spare valve caps plus all the other inflator accessories . Did n't see the Kobalt inflator on Amazon.com . Too bad .
 I bought the Black & Decker ASI300 Air Station Inflator in 2007 . It stopped inflating in AC mode after 2 years . Like an idiot , I bought another one because of my trust in the Black & Decker name from years ago , and thinking I got a lemon . Well , here it is 3 years later and guess what , you got it , it has stopped inflating in AC mode . First time , shame on B&D , second time shame on me . That said , please learn from my experience and do not buy this product .
 Worked great the first 3 times - died on the 4th . Basically , this is a toy and nothing more . Black & Decker has gone down hill in recent years and this a perfect example .
 I was using it to inflate snow tubes for sledding . It inflated the first one fine . On the second one it was difficult to get the inflator hose end piece inserted properly into the snow tube valve . Tried running it , but it kicked off immediately . Tried several times to restart it . I called Black and Decker and they said to either return it to Home Deport or take it to a service center . I was hoping they could be more helpful than that .
 I purchased this to fill my boat trailer tires and my Deere garden tractor tires . No such luck . This unit does not have the strength to fill these tires even though it states it 's good for tires . It did work well on some smaller 15 psi tires I have , but anything over that , I wish you luck . Bottomline , I have not been able to find the right machine for my needs , looks like I will go ahead and just spend the hundreds of $ $ $ for a full scale air compressor . Amazon was a no hassle return , so that was nice .
 I bought the AS1300 from Amazon in January 2008 . Used it 4 or 5 times a year for car tires and snowblower . Worked fine until today when it would not start.I looked at the reviews of other failures and tried it with the DC . That worked.It 's hard to believe that a company like Black & Decker can not fix this defect.I obviously do not recommend buying this product .
 Who designed this thing , the government ? Hard to imagine why they placed the on-off switch to sit deep in a cavity buried by the long DC power cord . Or why they designed the air tube and AC power cord to be only a foot long each , thus extremely limiting its usefulness . Also , why put the adapters on the bottom?It functions well , the auto-shutoff feature works , but it is a pain to use in general and lowers the amount of joy in the world .
 I have had this unit for a few years and used it for filling up basketballs and some tires . Airing up my truck tires to 80 psi from about 25 psi is an all-day job . This unit is not designed for that level of air pushing . And today I fried it by running for about 15 minutes to pressurize some plumbing for a test . It did n't make it to 100 psi before smoke started billowing out and the unit quit . These machines should have thermal switches which cut off the machine before it kills itself . If all you 're ever going to do is fill bike tires and balls , this is fine . For anything more , you need something bigger .
 The size and function of this thing work well and it was great while it worked . I used it for balls , bike tires and the occasional car tire.However I have had two now both of which have stopped working after about six/nine months . I suspect an internal fuse is blown but since it can not be replaced the unit is effectively dead.It pains me to have put two in a landfill for such a short and light operating life.Please do n't buy more and black and decker might take note and make a better product .
 I purchased one of these several months ago and have probably used it 5 times . After the 5th time it stopped working . The problem from what I have been able to discern is a blown fuse that is soldered inside the unit . If you Google this product you will see that this is a very common issue and many owners have experienced the same issue some repeatedly . Since I ca n't use this anymore to fill up tires I am going to use it to fill up the inside of my trash can .
 This pump was useful for a while . I bought it to fill up our car tires and because it could run on AC or DC from the car . Buyer beware that it has an internally soldered fuse -LRB- read that as not one that you can replace -RRB- . After a few uses the fuse blew on mine , and after looking at posts about how I might fix it by soldering a new one into place , I decided to save the time and get a Slime branded one instead . It turns out that the Slime one is quieter , and it has lasted for over a year longer than this B&D model . Only downside to the Slime pump is that it only runs on DC from the car , but that has n't been a problem .
 I used this unit two times before it stopped working . The unit would light up as if it was functional , but not pump air . I adjusted the pressure sensor all the way o the right -LRB- highest setting -RRB- . I tried turning the unit off/on and got the same results . I unplugged the unit thinking it would reset the pressure sensor , but when powered on the needle showed at 0 while the pressure sensor was at at the max 160psi . I had read reviews that the AC side would blow a fuse , so I tried the DC power , same results , gauge lit up and showed the needle at 0 and the pressure sensor at 160 . you would think for $ 50 the unit would last more than a couple of days .
 I got to use mine three times
 The product worked for ~ 15 seconds then died . It could have been a lemon but that 'd speak to poor B&D ; quality control if so.In re Amazon 's return policy - 5 stars ! Incredible .
 I thought I had found a great , convenient little unit for inflating car tires , balls , etc. , around the home . But , to cut to the chase , this has been an unreliable unit . As other reviewers have noted , the deeply-buried internal fuse blows , rendering the unit useless . B&D says ship it back , but how many times can someone do that before it gets ridiculous ? It 's a bad cost-saving design , pure and simple . I 'll invest more for a higher quality one next time . Lesson learned .
 The unit works great when it works . However , it stops working after a few uses . Checked couple 1-star comments . One had disassemble the unit and found the fuse good . I had disassemble the unit . The AC input of the transformer has open circuit . Most likely , the input is burnt after an inflation of an air castle . The DC input still works . But it is very unconvenient every time to inflate a basket ball , I have to bring it to a car .
 On the third use , the plastic piece that locks on the tire valve stem broke off , rendering this purchase completely useless . I 'll definitely be contacting Black & Decker for a refund . It 's a shame , because otherwise this product would rate five stars .
 The cables are too short and the power switch is inside ! Not worth returning , but certainly not easy to use
 I 've owned a Type 1 Air Station for years , but finally the nozzle wore out . As a result , I received the new model for Christmas and , boy , is it a weak replacement.My earlier hose was sturdy and over eight feet long ; the new one is flimsier and about two feet . As you might expect , the power cord is similarly shrunken . The new machine lacks the former 's power ; it 's passable for a wheelbarrow tire and such , but if a person needs to inflate more than a couple of pounds into a car or truck tire , he should pack a lunch . The plastic case that the cords are supposed to tuck into is brittle as is the hinge to seal things in . The worst feature , though , is that the power switch is tucked up inside behind the folded cigarette lighter cord . In fact , a person needs to reach around the upper open lid , down inside this compartment , and behind where the power cord goes into the body . I find it incredible that this design ever made it off the drawing board . I 'm no ergonomic engineer , but this placement of the power switch defies belief . On the plus side , the feature that shuts off the pump automatically is nice , but I would guess most people will be there monitoring the pump 's progress in any case . This AS1300 mess has been returned as many likely have been . Good for grannies and a stray air mattress , but I 'd recommend that most folks keep looking for a stronger product.As for me , I 'm trying now to replace just the nozzle on my old Air Station and leave well enough alone .
 So I bought this mainly to inflate my bike 's tires which are rated at 100 psi , which is why I 'm not particularly upset that it has to be plugged into SOMETHING cigarette lighter/socket at all times - there is no internal battery that is charged , so if you 're inflating your car tire by the road , what the picture does n't show is the cord stretching inside the car.The `` universal fitting '' fits poorly onto my tire stem and so essentially while pressing downwards with one hand I have to make a seal around the bottom with my left hand . The inflator took about 3 minutes to get the tire somewhat firm - everyone is correct about the reader being inaccurate , so either the inflator is physically unable to go above 40 psi - which is possible - or it fails to read higher than 40 psi . Needless to say the clever auto-shut off does not work as a result.Unfortunately I do n't think `` this inflator sucks '' falls into Amazon 's return policy so I 'm stuck with it . I 'd give it 2 stars if it was $ 15 instead of the $ 30 I bought it at because it does get my tire somewhat firm at which point I can use my hand pump to take it the rest of the way - but would I buy it again given the chance ? Hell No
 I purchased my first Black-n-Decker air station in 2009 . It worked well for about one year and then it would not work on AC power , but continued to work on DC for another year before completely giving up . Bought another B-n-D air station several months ago as a replacement for airing bicycle and golf cart tires . Since purchasing , I have used it twice for airing up bicycle tires ... and now it will not work on AC or DC . I will attempt to return the unit and get a refund if possible . . I would consider a different AC/DC compressor if you want reliability .
 Worked well on one tire on household current . Stopped on second tire , and that function has n't worked since . Worked on one tire off of the car battery . I 'm expecting it to break on the second . Unfortunately paperwork was thrown out . Obviously a common problem , and a cheap product . Would NOT recommend .
 The product is complete - but it appears to cheaply made - it takes a LONG TIME to add air to tires . I am going to return this unit and look for something else .
 I do n't know if I got a lemon but this thing took an hour to blow up a small inflatable pool . I filled up a huge inflatable raft using a different compressor in about ten minutes . Returned this puppy the next day .
 do n't expect this compressor to fill up anything other than a beach ball . bought it for my rv to keep the tires inflated . took 20 MINUTES to go from 40-80 psi , then got extremely hot and either seized or the -LRB- non-replaceable -RRB- fuse blew . plastic connectors are cheap . spend another 50 bucks and save yourself the trouble .
 This inflator is worthless . It makes a lot of noise , has short cords and tubes , and can hardly inflate . You can pump a basketball with it , but do n't try it on anything bigger -LRB- like a boat or a tire -RRB- unless you have the day to spare because that 's how much time it 'll take it.Piece of junk , do n't waste your money .
 i ordered this product coz it mentioned it could reach 200 psi but when i used it to fill up portable airtank , its giving up . cant give the specified pressure . its not heavy duty . only for a small job & tyres .
 I also bought this at Lowe 's and not Amazon . I wish I would have read the reviews on here before purchasing as I would have saved myself some money.I bought this station primarily for inflating air mattresses when camping . The AC/DC choice was perfect . Unfortunately it takes about 20 mins to blow up a standard size mattress.As others have mentioned , the device is very loud . Having to listen to that thing for 20mins minimum in a camp ground or house is taxing on the nerves . If your use is for air mattress , then I suggest getting the battery operated ones that are sold in the camping gear section.If you are only doing bike tires , it 's tolerable . Slow , but tolerable .
 The B&D ASI300 Air Station Inflator seems to work OK on bicycle tires , but it DOES N'T WORK AT ALL on car tires .
 Used it 3 times for about 30 minutes total then died . Totally dead now . Does not work on either AC or DC . Opened it up and the motor coil was open . I really liked it when it was working and I liked being able to run it on AC or DC . Wish it had lasted longer .
 There seems to be an inherent flaw in the concept of moving the dial to the air pressure desired and actually having the unit do this.I 've now returned two units as the dial did n't work correctly and then unit over-inflated tires.the basic concept is great , just needs more fine tuning . I like the dual power concept and that is the primary reasoned I purchased it in the beginning .
 First try got my portable air tank to 80psi in 15 minutes . Then zero . No pressure , no pumping.Took back to B&D ; repair facility -LSB- 60miles , one way , or I could have shipped , my expense -RSB- . Replacement mailed to me in a week . Plugged in . Inflated hand truck tire to 40 psi OK . Then attempted portable tank refill to 100 psi setting . Zilch . Would not pump . Took back to B % D , another $ 20 in gas plus my time . Refund coming to me in 2 t0 6 weeks . Not worth the risk .
 This air station/compressor is a piece of junk . First of all the ac power cord is only about 12 '' long so you must supply an extension cord . The compressor takes a long time to do its job even on a bicycle tire . The air pressure dial/setting is way off . You must set it at least 10lbs above the desired inflation .
 The product itself is nice and compact . Looks great . How it works is the problem . There are two major problems.As other reviewers have stated it shuts off when it hits the set PSI . Then you have to flip the power switch on the back off and back on to inflate another tire . Also the set PSI feature does n't work well when inflating sports balls that needs less than 10 psi . The machine just immediately shuts off without pushing any air . You have to set the limit high and trick the machine.The second big problem I discovered is the AC cable and the air hose are both extremely short . I mean like a foot each . I was trying to put air in the wheels of a stroller and it took a lot of juggling to get it done . It also has a DC cable for plugging into a cigaret lighter . That cable is fairly long . But a longer air hose is what is needed.As I said these are the two major problems . There are other little things that bother me but these two caused me to return the compressor . It might be ok if you only use it twice a year to inflate a flat tire and some summer toys but if you want something you can rely on look elsewhere .
 I 'm on my third unit - and it just failed.This is a great little unit in that it runs on AC or DC , and has an auto shut-off . Problem is , they keep blowing fuses - even when used very carefully - and the fuse is permanently wired into a circuit board and ca n't be replaced . Bah!The idea of this machine is convenience - which it does n't provide because of its poor electrical design and complete lack of reliability.Apparently some of the units work OK , but I suspect that these are units that are mostly used for very low pressure work . If you need to pump something up to more than 40 psi I suspect that most of them will fail . Too bad B&D ; rates this thing for 160 psi . I 'm really surprised that with all the excellent products they make that they are peddling this POS .
 This item is so chock full of design flaws , it really serves only one purpose , namely , an emergency air pump to have in your car if you decide that you are so prone to flat tires that this is a necessity.First the positives
 obviously the designer of this inflator never tried to use it . the power cord is far to short , the inflator hose is far to short . then to really show the idioticy , the off/on switch is buried beneath the 12 volt power cord on the back side of the unit .
 This product does not contain a device for fitting into a car tire . The product I bought is not shown on the drop-down listing .
 I needed an air compressor to fill up the tires on my motorcycle and on my car . Ask yourself what you need it for.I can tell you that for my needs I could do just as well with a $ 15 12v air compressor -LRB- the ones that plug into the cigarette lighter of your car -RRB- . I purchased one of those after returning this Black and Decker item . And I can take a tire from 15 psi to 35 psi in under 5 minutes with the $ 15 12v air compressor.So for this item which costs over 50 dollars for me it was major overkill . That being said the one that Amazon sent me was also defective and refused to power on after I finished one tire.But regardless of that I can tell you that for most home consumers this thing is overkill and it really is loud as hell . I mean obnoxiously loud . I mean loud enough to anger your neighbors loud . Its TOO LOUD !
 The cord is very very short , that is true , but I was able to overlook it and its slow pumping ... However after using it about 10 times , the pump broke . Unfortunately , have had it too long for warranty , just had n't utilized it very often . What a waste of money .
 Noisy , slow , awkward , hard to disconnect from tire , impossible to re-store the hose and DC cord once you take them out . Should have believed the other reviews ...
 The first time I used this product it failed . I was able to add air to one vehicle tire , but the Black & Decker ASI300 stopped working when adding air to the second tire . The Black & Decker ASI300 has not worked since .
 The inflator I got only last me less then 2 month with 3 use on my kid 's bike and it went dead on me . I call the warrenty center , gladly they replace it right of way . Not sure if the replacement will go dean in 3 use again or less then 2 month .
 I bought this little machine because I believed it to be very handy , but was anything but . The cord to plug into the wall was way to short . When I tried to use the cigarette light to plug in , it would not even come on . I tried useing the wall outlet with extention cord but unit would not work . I was able to inflate a basktball first before it quit . Shipped it back . Amazon was very good about this and made it a pleasure . As far as the inflator , search for something else.Air pump
 I got one of these inflators as a gift and it 's been sitting in my closet for a year . I finally took it out to use on my mini van tires -LRB- 36psi -RRB- and spend an hour trying to get it to do anything but make noise . The most I got was 1/2 pound inflation . I tossed it and went to the gas station . What a waste . Maybe for toys and beds but not for tires .
 I returned this item when I saw that the part of the machine that attaches to the valve stem is made of plastic instead of metal . It seems inevitable that at some point this was going to fail .
 Used this B&D ; twice to top up air in car tires . Unit stopped working on third attempt.Have to travel 75 miles to get it checked out ! -LRB- no I do not live in a village -RRB- as only certain B&D ; service centers will repair.AC cord and air hose too short.Noisy .
 As noted by others , a tiny internal fuse is guaranteed to blow with regular use . The fuse is not a user serviceable part . Had B&D ; designed the unit with a user replaceable fuse , replacement would be a minor annoyance . However , the complexity of replacing the fuse means that this product is a disposable unit that will clog landfills needlessly.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I agree with most of the positive reviews of this product
 I got this product because I liked the Air Station I had in the past . The compressor seems fine for normal tasks . The auto off feature is nice , but not a need to have . The power cord is literally a foot or two long . You have to have an extension cord to use it ! The DC power cord is 12 feet long . I just do n't get that ... I 'd not buy this product again .
 I would like to have known that the inflator cord was so short.For me it was difficult for inflating my car tires.Unit will shut off near desired pressure but you have to keep adding more air.I bought a black and decker air inflator 25 years ago and it ran circles around this one .
 I would have taken my own photos to illustrate some of these issues , but I already returned the unit.Pros : * Small * Lightweight * Easy to useCons : * Sharp plastic edges * Easy to lose adapters that clip under the unit . Peculiar place for them , since the AC & air hose have their own protected spot.And here 's the biggest con , also the reason I opted to return it and find another product ... * HORRIBLE placement of the power switch . This is where I feel the unit falls seriously short . The power switch is actually up IN the storage compartment for the 12v DC cord . It 's a rocker switch allowing you to choose either AC or DC , with OFF being the middle position . Since the unit shuts itself off when it reaches the set pressure , you will need to access this switch frequently . Since it shares the compartment with the DC cable , this means that the DC cord will have to be unpacked and left dangling in the way when you 're on AC power . The sharp plastic edges will rear their ugly head at this point , and if you have larger hands like I do , it can be very unwieldy to have to reach in to toggle the power switch on and off every time you change over to a new tire.The awful placement of the power switch and the fact that you have to have the 12v cord unpacked is very carefully NOT visible in the product images .
 The Black and Decker Airstation has been useless to me . My first time using it , after less than a minute of pumping , the unit refused to work . It would simply not run . Come to find out that it had blown an internal fuse . This fuse is not even socketed , so it is a pain to replace . After replacing , the next time I used it , it again blew a fuse . This was not a high pressure or strenuous inflation job . I never went above 40 PSI -LRB- unit says it can do 160 -RRB- , and never more than 60 seconds of running time . Totally worthless - buy something else .
 I used this tool twice.The first time it performed splendidly , quickly pumping up my tire.The second time I tried it , about a week later it did n't work at all.A quick search on the web led me to believe this is a common problem ... there seems to be an easily blown , but hard to replace fuse soldered inside the unit.I do n't like relationships with equipment that entail soldering.In the past , I used a cheap disposable -LRB- $ 6.00 -RRB- harbor freight compressor , which happily inflated a handful of tires before it went to meet its maker.The black & decker compressor pumped up one ... so the cost per tire works out to be about $ 49.00 per tire.I have other black & decker power tools that have worked well and have proven to be reliable ... So I know all their stuff is n't crap .
 I bought this to replace a cordless inflator I owned that recently stopped working after many years . I liked the built in pressure gauge feature . When I took it out of the box to use , my first impression was that it felt like a toy . I tried to use it to inflate my car tire , I set the pressure to 32psi but it immediately jumped to over 80psi and then shut off . I took out my handheld pressure gauge and set the machine on its highest setting so it wouldnt shut off and proceeded to inflate the tire and checking the pressure every so often . Doesnt work as claimed , no hands free/no-worry / set to pressure and forget ... Not accurate , toy-like , not recommended .
 I purchased this black and Decker air pump based on my last pump by Black and Decker . This pump was a big disappointment . The Air hose is very short and AC cord is even shorter . My last pump hat a 3-foot air hose and 6 foot Line cord and lasted 25 years . It would pump up my truck tire in 5 to 10 minutes.This pump takes 45 minutes to put 8 lbs of air in my truck tire . The air valve is too small to easily attach to tire valves . Tractor tire is very difficult to air up because of the short air line.Over all I rate this pump as very poor . I suggest do not purchase this model .
 My new air station replaces one I bought about 15 years ago . Compared to the old one , the new one inflates much more slowly , has a harder to read gauge , is larger , and has much shorter cords . Definitely a huge step backward .
 I 'll start with the positives : It looks good . The inflator concept is a good one.That 's it . The actual product is pure garbage . The lines are short -LRB- I can deal with that -RRB- . The motor is louder than any car engine made after 1980 -LRB- no big deal , keep it in the garage -RRB- . So , it 's been knocked down to 3 stars until you flip the switch and ... NOTHING HAPPENS.Could it be I have a bad electrical outlet ? It must be . After all , this thing has had less than 2 hours of use . It 's been kept in the original box except when in use . The first and last time I used it was to inflate pool toys . I do n't expect it to fill a dragster tire , just rings and beach balls for my kids . So I swith outlets and ... NOTHING HAPPENS.A quick web search reveals that the fuse is faulty . I take it apart , grab my Fluke meter and this is indeed the problem . I 've studied engineering and understand that in a compact unit , you ca n't give the customer everything easily . That being said , PUT THE FUSE WHERE IT CAN BE EASILY CHANGED . All in all , I could n't be more disappointed . The fuse can be swapped by cutting it out and soldering in a new one , but forget it . I 'd rather do a little more research and buy a product worth having . No more time will I waste on this thing.Black and Decker was a solid name when I was a kid . Now I understand why Stanley tool bought brand .
 I bought this product mainly to keep air pressure in our vehicles -- does n't do the job very well -- takes a long time and still not sufficient inflation on my truck . Does footballs/basketballs/bike tires ok .
 Before you order this pump online , check to see how far away you are from a B&D service center . Mine developed a fast internal leak that let more air out than it ever put in . Now , to be fair , B&D will replace the pump with a brand new one and I 'm satisfied with that . But that 's only because I live 20 minutes away from an authorized service center . Many people live much further away . Use B&D 's service center locater on their website to find out how far YOU are away from your service center because if you have to drive far or ship the pump that time and $ $ will cost you .
 we got this as a wedding present and had it just about a year before it just flat out stop working . We used it to inflate bike tires and van tires a couple times . After it stopped working my husband opened it up , an electrical guy , and said the fuse was blown . Unfortunately the fuse is not made to be replaced . After reading other reviews we found that this happens a lot . Very disappointed .
 I purchased the Black and Decker Air Station in July 2010 . I read many of the reviews and anticipated I could live with some of the issues stated previously by other owners . I specifically wanted an AC inflator and this was a similar unit that I had for about 5 years -LRB- Black and Decker also -RRB- . I received the inflator and it worked well and up to my expectations until about 2 weeks ago , when the inflator stopped working . There were other reviewers also stating premature failure , but thought it was worth a shot . It was a decent inflator but reliability appears to be a real problem when life expectancy is about 5 months .
 Great machine until it 's 10th use . Simply stopped working and there is no way to repair it if out of warranty . Was n't abused in any way . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ! Spend a few more bucks and buy a better quality compressor !!
 when I first got this it worked good , when it was a little over a year old -LRB- about a dozen uses -RRB- the fuse in the unit blew and it quit working . I thought that was a expensive unit for about a dozen uses .
 Why is Amazon charging full price for this but claiming it cost $ 90 . Lowes sells it for $ 49 also . It was $ 40 about 3 4 months ago .
 It worked reasonably well for the short time it worked , and the other day while adding some air to the car tire , it just quit.There is no fuse on the AC side , and I opened it up to see there is a small fuse on the circuit board . The fuse did not look like something you can get at Radio Shack or home improvement store , so I will have to go to the B&D ; Service Center to exchange it ; it 's a good thing it has 2-year warranty , but just to get to the service center will be a hassle as they do not have late or weekend hours.Somewhat disappointed .
 The fuse was burnt after about 1 year of light usage . Replaced the fuse and it worked for another month . Then , the fuse got burnt again . Replaced the fuse again , and it did n't work . I just do n't bother to fix it again and will have to buy a different brand this time .
 The AC power cord and the air hose are both very short making the use complicated and almost always requiring an extension power cord . Furthermore , the car power cord is connected to and must be stored right next to the on/off button . As a result , you must deal with that car power cord every time you use the pump , even if not connected to the car power .
 I purchased the Black & Decker AS1300 air compressor . The built in gauge did n't work . It was about 20 pounds off . I called Black & Decker and was told the gauge on this model was not accurate and to purchase the model ASI500 with a digital gauge . Black & Decker is selling a model that they are aware the gauge does n't work . Do yourself a favor . Shop around and buy another model.air
 Mine lasted only two or three months . B&D would not help . Ended up tossing in county recycle .
 Valve inflator head broke after the first use . They used thin plastic . I hope they will do some improvement on their quality . It 's made in china anyway . .
 Main negative is that it is basically a 12V pump . The 120 plug in just feeds a 12V transformer -LSB- like a cell phone charger -RSB- and the pump is DC and the output is really low . Ok for a lawn mower or bike tire , but go have a sandwich and a nap if you 're trying to pump up a car tire . Had a B&D ; Air Station many years ago that was 120 only and while it does not have the pressure of a big pump , it got the job done much faster than this one . Anyway the 120 side went bad -LSB- after warranty -RSB- so can only use it with a battery.For $ 50 you can find a better air pump .
 I bought this being a fan of past Black & Decker products . They typically have very nice features and overall clean designs . This was no different so I bought it . It worked initially but after about a months use it died . I ended up returning it . First time I had issue with a new product from B&D . I then bought a differnt model AS1500 from Black & Decker which is not quite as intuitive to operate , but does work and works well . I would recommend that model instead of this one .
 Do not buy , item is junk . Tried inflating a small pool toy and it took a very long time . Compared to my old B&D air station which broke after 10 years of use , this item does not output any air . Very disappointed !
 I originally bought this product about 4 years ago and I just finished go through a 2nd one . The first one I bought stopped working when my friend borrowed it and he kindly bought me another one . But , this second one stopped working on the sametime as the first one . I do n't know what caused this . I use it occasionally and it was great and fast , but I have to look for another one now!Update 10/22/12 - I was on the second one after my first one did not work and my friend got me another one . However , this second one just died this year . So , I had one from my original purchase in 2008 and then this second one from 2010 to this year . I am definitely not happy with the quality control of Black & Decker air compressor .
 I read the reviews and decided for the price I would give it a shot . I 'm a single mom who often has flat bike tires , inflatable toys and the occasional flat tire before work to deal with . I thought this would be perfect for the limited use I needed from it . I used it one day , heard a loud pop and it does n't work anymore . I can only assume that it was a blown fuse as mentioned in other reviews . I 'm not going to waste my time taking it apart to see if I can fix it myself -LRB- which I 'm not above doing -RRB- . Thank goodness for Amazon and their return policy . It 's going back today and I 'm going to start looking for a small air compressor instead , I 'd advise anyone looking at this product to do the same .
 Maybe I expected too much . Or maybe I got a lemon . Whatever the case may be ... I had to return this . I bought this specifically to take to the beach to blow up 4 regular-sized rafts -LRB- the rectangular kind you lay on in the water . It took about 50 minutes for this inflator to blow up the rafts . Maybe that is acceptable for some people . But for me , it was a waste of 50 minutes that I could have spent with my family , but instead , I was up at the car blowing up rafts while they were in the ocean enjoying themselves.I can blow up the raft faster than this thing . So I returned and will consider buying a better one next year . Disappointing to say the least.But Amazon was very quick to refund my money . That is why I will continue to buy from Amazon ! I have not had to return very many things to Amazon . But when I have , they have ALWAYS been very helpful and very quick to issue my refund once I send the item back . I love Amazon!If you want something that will inflate an item quickly , I would suggest that you steer clear of this inflator . It works , but it takes a ridiculous amount of time in my opinion .
 Do n't buy this item . I can not even contact the seller that changed names . Within a month it just broke . Cheap plastic , waste of money . Buy something other than plastic .
 We 've owned two of these now and , while they work well at first , both failed in less than a year of moderate use -LRB- blowing up pool toys , topping off normal-size car and bike tires -RRB- . They still make noise -LRB- LOTS of noise -RRB- , but do n't inflate . Home Depot replaced it for us the first time , and we 'd hoped we just had a dud , but the second unit suffered the same fate , in about the same amount of time.I do n't think we mis-used it at all . Probably brought it out every 2-3 weeks on average ... meaning it died in approximately 12-15 uses . Unfortunately , I just do n't think it 's well made or at all durable.Like others I see here , the failure point for our unit , both times , was the fuse , which is soldered to the unit and can NOT be replaced , which seems silly to the extreme.It 's compact , easy to use and when it works , it works well . The bad part is that it just does n't work for long .
 Very disappointed . Bought it to take on our vacation to Tahoe . Wanted to use it to blow up the rafts and a mattress . It was too slow and we wound up blowing up manually . A lousy product . Never would recommend it .
 I ordered this and it was delivered on time and as stated . The original compressor lasted 3 months before failing on the AC input . It was replaced by B&D at no charge . The replacement compressor lasted 6 months and again the AC input failed . After talking with customer service at B&D , they requested the second one be returned and upon it 's receipt a third replacement would be shipped at no charge . I was told by customer service the AC input circuit had been changed and would not fail as the first two had ! The third compressor lasted 9 months before the AC input again failed . I have the original and the failed 3rd compressor that both work on DC power . The AC input failures all made a loud &#34; POP &#34; noise and never worked after this happened . None of these compressors were used for anything other than car tires , bikes and a wheel barrow . My original B&D Air Station lasted for over 10 years before it failed . This unit is made in China and I ca n't advise anyone to buy it .
 The nozzle broke on only the second use . Unfortunately it was after the 30 day return policy so I am stuck with it . I should have listened to the countless other reviews on Amazon that said the same thing . The compressor itself seem alright , but it is useless when the nozzle breaks . I ca n't believe Black and Decker would make the most integral part of the unit out of such cheap material . I will never buy another Black and Decker product again . I could n't be more dissatisfied with this product . Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere . If you are depending on this pump to fill your tires on the side of the road in case of an emergency , you could n't pick a worse pump . It is highly unreliable .
 The power cord is ridiculously short , so the unit must be used with an extension cord unless you are just inflating a football on your workbench . Confusing and inconveniently placed switches . Unit has a tendency to shut off or blow fuses if You connect and push buttons in the wrong sequence . I like the feature to set a pressure then have it shut off automatically . Noisy but it does do the job .
 I got this compressor specifically because it was AC/DC . The fourth time I used it the AC plug just quit working . There isn ; t any reset for it , it just does n't work . The 12 volt works fine but I 'm apprehensive that will fail too.Airs up quick but I don ; t think the pressure gauge in accurate . There was an 8 and 9 PSI difference from this gauge and two seperate tier pressure gauges.Save your money !
 The first one I bought lasted about 2 months . I returned it , got my money back and bought another same kind -LRB- with an extended warranty of 1 year -RRB- . This one lasted 11/2 years . I only use it occasionally and took good care of it . I had one of another brand years ago and it lasted at least 10 years .
 It inflated a tire , so it gets a star . But , this has to be the worst piece of engineering I have seen in decades . No handle nor any way to carry it , except to wrap both hands around it ; short 120v cord and air hose ; a switch that can only be reached by removing the 12v cord ; and the switch is located inside the case . Just awful all the way around .
 This thing stopped working after 6 minor inflations . I had read others had this problem , but I decided to roll the dice . Black & Decker and other companies in the USA should stop putting their name on Chinese junk.I took it apart to see if there was a fuse inside that may have blown . No such luck . Removing the bottom panel reveals two electric motors , an ac/dc transformer , and a small circuit board . My guess is that a transistor or something on that board is what seems to fail for many people . I would not buy it again if given the choice .
 This seemed like a great product to fulfill my need for a compact air compressor for my bike tires . However the fuse blew after my third use and is not easily replaceable . I will be contacting Black & Decker for a refund . I would NOT recommend this product .
 I purchased the Black and Decker ASI300 Air Station 7 months ago and I ` ve used it about once every two weeks to top off my car tires . Just last week it would n't work when I plugged it into a wall socket to fill up my car tires , so I tried using the 12V car adapter and it too would n't work . After reading several reviews that said it was a bad fuse , I disassembled the unit and unsoldered the fuse from the circuit board to check the fuse for continuity . The fuse was fine but the unit still would n't work after re-assembly . My recommendation is that you stay away from the Black and Decker ASI300 Air Station Inflator and spend you money on something more reliable.Sincerely , Joe M.
 First off , I did not purchase this from Amazon . It was purchased from Lowe 's . I 'm writing this review for anyone thinking about getting the B&D ; ASI300 Air Station Inflator . One word . . DONT!I bought this inflator for the purpose of keeping my tires at the proper PSI . I used it one time to inflate all four tires of my car . The noise was acceptable , I did n't think it would be quiet . It took forever to get to 37 PSI , but once again acceptable for the little inflator . I started in on my spare tire and that 's when the inflator made a pop sound and would not turn on again . I figure a fuse inside of it blew . I spent $ 50 to inflate four tires one time . UNACCEPTABLE ! I returned it only 3 hours after purchasing it .
 About a year ago , I bought one of these . I topped off the tires on my family 's two cars . Yesterday , the TPMS warning on my car lit up . I used this again to top off my tires . On the fourth tire , about a second after I started it , I heard a little popping noise and it stopped working . This might just be a blown fuse , but there 's no easy access to check/replace it , and no mention of how to do so from the manual . Tech support is only opened M-F 8-5 eastern time , so I 'll have to wait to find out.So far , this pump has been good for topping off 11 tires before it failed .
 I just picked one of these up at Lowe 's . Everything else I 've ever bought that was made by Black & Decker was great , except this . I tried to fill an air tank I had which maxed out at 150 psi , I set the dial to 120 and let it run . About 10 minutes later it shut down , which it should do when it reaches the desired psi setting . In this case it had reached 85 psi and shut off . The unit smelled and felt very hot . After letting it cool , I was not able to get it running again . It may have blown a fuse , I 'm not sure , but in either case it should not have gotten so hot and shut off well before it hit it 's own limits . It looked like a nice unit , very handy , and good reviews found here which is why I bought it .
 I bought this product 2 years ago for car and bike tires . It works ok , but is very loud and slow . It takes about 10 minutes per car tire , and that is just to raise about 5 psi each . The noise is so loud that you need to set the pressure and then leave the garage , unless you put on hearing protection . I did like the auto shut off feature . I could have lived with the slowness and the noise if it were not for the fact that they keep breaking . The first one broke after about 1 and 1/2 years of use . The replacement only made it about six months . They just stop working . I am done with Black and Decker . -LRB- Come to think of it , I have never had a B & D product that worked very well ... -RRB-
 Vastly inferior to its predecessor product . Very disappointed . Ca n't understand how the same firm can come out with a product so INFERIOR to its predecessor . Ca n't even inflate the tire for a BMW750Li . Gauge is so imprecise , it casts aspersions on the product . I do feel like throwing it away . DO NOT BUY .
 Here 's the short and sweetPros :1 . Works well , looks good as well2 . Low noise and vibration -LRB- In my experience -RRB- 3 . AC & DC powered4 . Cords stored inside the unit in a compartment5 . Carrying handle6 . Auto shut-off featureCons :1 . Very hard to fit all cords back in the the unit . -LRB- I thought about cutting off the AC cord with a pair of pliers to make room -RRB- 2 . Handle at the back is awkward and fingers kept pressing against the power switch .3 . AC cord very short and the DC cord is not very long either4 . DC cord has to be removed from the compartment and plugged in the back each time .5 . The plastic top does not appear sturdy and the edges of the compartment 's lid are somewhat sharpI guess I was expecting better from the brand and for the price .
 I fill up bike tires for my kids , basketballs , soccer balls , dolly wheels and air mattresses and this is a piece of junk for me . I was willing to buy this and the Bon-Aire model at the same time , just knowing one version would be the clear winner `` out of the box '' , and I was right ! The Bon-Aire has MUCH long cords and hoses for simplicity . The Black and Decker ? YUK .
 Do n't waste your money ! I took delivery of this unit and the next day it was in the trash . I purchased this pump because the literature describes the pump as being able to deliver up to 160 psi . We have G rated tires on our RV that need 125 psi . The first time we attempted to top off a tire the compressor blew something inside and began leaking . I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing this unit .
 The only pro to this pump is that it pumps like a champ.The cons are : Smooth exterior , no handle , relatively heavy and therefore easy to drop.Extremely short air hose and AC power cord.Cover for the short hose and AC power cord , but no cover for the DC power cord , it comes unraveled in the trunk.The power button is located inside the DC power cord storage area so you either have to take out the DC power cord to get to the power switch or you have to try to force your fingers into the compartment to get it to turn on.Useless `` industrial '' add-ons of faux nuts which are just little plastic pieces that fall off .
 Great while it lasted , inflated my car and bicycle tires , 32 and 100 psi respectively , just fine and the automatic shutoff was reasonably accurately , compared to my tire pressure gauge . Developed an internal leak after about thirteen months and can no longer inflate my bicycle tires to the needed psi level .
 I bought this and have used it less than 5 times when something inside popped . I took the unit apart , and it appears as if an internal fuse has blown , which -LRB- of course -RRB- is non-replaceable . I owned a very average craftsman pump before this -LRB- which I paid roughly the same price -RRB- which lasted me 8 years . I have contacted B&D with no response . This is a piece of garbage , I 've been a black & decker fan for years . Not any more !
 I read the review and wish I had paid attention to review . Cords too short and on off switch in awful place . Terrible design .
 This thing has some sort of pressure detector that says it will stop inflating when there is enough air in the tire , basketball , etc. . But it 's worthless because it cut out 3 seconds after I turned it on and then would n't turn on again.Worthless -- I returned it .
 I had a great inflator . The power cord was 6 ' long and the air hose was another 6 ' . I could top up all four tires on a car without much trouble . I could inflate bike tires with the bike sitting on the floor . Lawn tractor tires - piece of cake . Sadly , after a long and useful life , it died.I replaced it with this one because it 's just about the only one you can find at Amazon , Lowes , Home Depot , or anywhere else . Black & Decker has flooded the market with this thing , to the exclusion of other companies and other products . It 's unfortunate , because this product sets a really , really low bar.The primary problem is the ridiculously short AC power cord and inflator hose . If your garage power outlet is at workbench height , as most are , then you 'll need to leave this on your workbench or add -LRB- at your own expense and hassle -RRB- an extension cord . 12 '' of AC power is useless . Couple that with the ridiculously short inflator hose -LRB- another 12 '' or so -RRB- and you have a solution where anything you want to inflate has to be within 2 feet of an electrical outlet . If your car has 18 '' tires and the valve stem happens to be at the top , then you 'll have to move your car before you can inflate the tire . It 's easier -LRB- for me -RRB- to lift bikes up onto the workbench to inflate them and , even then , I have to rotate the tires to make sure the valve stem is at the bottom!The secondary problem is the inane placement of the power switch - on the back , recessed , as a rocker between 12V/Off/120V . Is there some reason it could n't be placed on the front , where you could see it?The auto shutoff is a good feature , and the air delivery is strong enough , but the crippling limitations of the 2 ' range make this a non-starter . I curse Black & Decker every time I use it , and I suspect you will too .
 I did n't use this compressor very frequently , maybe once every couple months . It annoyed me that the tube and attachments did n't fit correctly in the storage compartment , and that the power cord was not long enough . But after having this for around a year -LRB- and using it a handful of times -RRB- it just stopped working .
 I love the design and concept of this pump , however , the fuse will blow very easily , then the whole thing is trash . My husband is an electrical engineer , so he tore the thing apart and added a new fuse , twice , but it still keeps blowing fuses ! So , as nice as it is , it 's really just an expensive paperweight . Stay away ! I 'm looking for a pump now that will actually do what it 's supposed to do .
 I 've had 2 of these , and both worked great , for about 2 months or so . After that , both quit working . Could not figure out why . Will NEVER buy one again .
 Pump lasted less than than a year . Stopped working after a few months on AC , then two months later quit working on DC . Threw it away .
 Have one of these , along with 2 trucks -LRB- big & small -RRB- and 2 bicycles . Auto shut-off worked great . But last time I was airing up my tires , it quit , and wo n't restart . A compressor I 'd bought in 2002 for $ 40 lasted for 7 years . This one was $ 60 in 2009 , but it died after 2 years 8 months . Now I 'm back looking for a different one .
 Never even able to inflate one tire . Valve stem locking mechanism broke on initial use ! Purchased with cerdit card points - now in process of trying to get a refund . Unfortunately thought I could depend on the Black & Decker name for quality . Should have read the reviews . Sounds like a fuse would blow after a few times anyway . Guess I 'll have to get another like the one I bought 20 yrs ago for $ 25 , and still have , from K Mart for my 2nd car .
 This product is not well made and you should n't buy it . I used it maybe 10-15 times in the last few years to fill up my car tires and just last weekend it broke . Sounds to me like the ball Barings inside broke down . Also when it did work it did n't work very well . It took a good 5 minutes per tire to add a few psi to one tire and made a lot of noise in the process . Also the air pressure gage was small too hard to read to put an accurate amount of pressure in the tire . You basically had to guess where in-between the line for 30 and 40 that 32 or 34 might be . Would have been helpful if they had at least put lines every 5 psi.I would not buy this product again and when I called Black and Decker to complain they basically said that its past the 2 year warrantee so bug off . Am I really supposed to expect a product like this to only work for 2 years and break are you kidding me ? When I suggested that they could send me a coupon or something to make up for their product breaking with moderate use the CSR acted like she did n't care and again referenced the 2 year warrantee . I do n't think I will ever be buying anything Black and Decker makes anymore.Don ' t buy this product unless you only think you are going to use it a few times and then expect to throw it away . And certainly do n't buy it if you think you might ever need to count on it in an emergency .
 It worker great a couple of times , then it quit when I was filling up a tire . When I turn it on , it will light up , but it will not push out air .
 didnt last but a year or so . . then just wouldnt turn on anymore . both cords are very short . . when it worked , it worked fine . i need a more dependable unit .
 Used mine about 5 or 6 times ; electric motor burnt out after only these few times . I wo n't buy another of these .
 Had it 2 yrs and it died . Tried to inflate my car tires and all it did was suck the air out , did n't have enough juice left to put any air in . Do n't buy this
 This product will not be useful if you are looking to inflate cycle tires , but will work for sport balls ...
 Unit had been working well , but after 18 months fuse blew . No easy way to replace and apparently not covered under 24 month Warranty . Will not purchase this product again .
 AC fuse blown after second use . Internet search and you 'll see this is a common problem and can not be fixed . The fuse is soldered onto the circuit board.Unfortunately , I am 2 days out of my amazon return window.Do yourself a favor and do n't purchase this air-station .
 The first time I bought this compressor , the nozzle broke . The replacement stopped working on the first attempt at filling a tire . Even if it did work properly , it would take far too long to fill a tire from empty .
 the B&D ASI300 did not perform up to the standard that I expected . It did not work as good as my old 15 year old Craftsman
 The nozzle broke on only the second use . Unfortunately it was after the 30 day return policy so I am stuck with it . I should have listened to the countless other reviews on Amazon that said the same thing . The compressor itself seem alright , but it is useless when the nozzle breaks . I ca n't believe Black and Decker would make the most integral part of the unit out of such cheap material . I will never buy another Black and Decker product again . I could n't be more dissatisfied with this product . Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere . If you are depending on this pump to fill your tires on the side of the road in case of an emergency , you could n't pick a worse pump . It is highly unreliable .
 The power cord is ridiculously short , so the unit must be used with an extension cord unless you are just inflating a football on your workbench . Confusing and inconveniently placed switches . Unit has a tendency to shut off or blow fuses if You connect and push buttons in the wrong sequence . I like the feature to set a pressure then have it shut off automatically . Noisy but it does do the job .
 I just blew up my second B&D Air Station . The first one failed after a couple of uses - it started leaking internally . Today my replacement failed - started making a different sound that sounds like something is stripped inside . I 'm using it to inflate tires to 60 , 72 and 80 lbs - so I 'd say that 's likely the problem . I guess I need to get a ` real ' compressor .
 I got this as a gift , otherwise I would have returned it . The AC power cord requires an extension cord since it 's ridiculously short . It can not be used without an extension cord at all . The product design is terrible . The on/off switch is located inside the unit behind the DC power cord , so you have to pull that out even if you want to plug it into the wall . The unit is supposed to inflate to the PSI you set it to - that did not work properly on mine . I basically had to set it all the way up to max PSI to get it to pump up the tire on a baby stroller . Finally , it 's incredibly awkward to handle . I 'm surprised they did n't put some sort of handle on it . Black and Decker used to mean quality ; this thing is terrible . I hope it breaks so I can buy a different product .
 Anyone considering purchasing this product should save your money and buy a different brand . Have had this unit for 6 months and it broke while operating . It sounded like a fuse popped but unfortunately there are no replaceable parts.As other reviews mention , ridiculously short electric cord and inflation cord . I 'm going back to Campbell Hausfeld brand . You get what you pay for .
 Bought the unit 3 months ago from a local home improvement store . I usedit 2 or 3 times a month to keep various tires properly inflated . It wasslow and noisy but got the job done . This morning it ran for about 5 secondsand quit working . I suspect a bad fuse or switch but it 's unimportant now becauseit 's in the trash and I 'm going to invest in a good gas powered air compressor.You get what you pay for and B&D ; needs to stick with drills etc. ...
 I bought this product because I need an air station trustable but guess what ? it is MADE in CHINA . I receive and read the instruction I plug in start making a lot of noise and blow up in only 15 seconds incredible but what can you expect with someting made in china . Dont buy it stinks .
 My product died after 20 month , and was not used very much . Was a little slow in pumping up car tire . Pressure reading on dial is very inaccurate . Having 2 types of power cords is nice -LRB- car and wall outlet -RRB- . But , the power cord for the wall is too short . Good price point , but not sure if worth it .
 Great features touted , lousy capabilities delivered . Hose to short , plastic valve handle breaks after a few usages , warranty now 1 yr vs. 2 -LRB- I guess B&D is confirming it 's junk now -RRB- . Compressor/auto shut off no longer functional after 1 yr of light usage .
 Big fan of Black and Decker tools . This is perhaps the one product in their line I regret buying . It is very poorly designed , inside and out . Fail written all over it,-No On/Off switch per se - a nonintuitive toggle switch between 12v Dc and 110v AC-Dial is not properly calibrated - you will need to cross check with an alternate gauge-Awkward handle/compartment for wires -LRB- not sure if you can use the compartment as a handle -RRB- - Very loud compared to peer products -LRB- 70 ~ 85 dB -RRB- - Very short air hose -LRB- 18 '' -RRB- - Very short AC power cord -LRB- 18 '' -RRB- so you will need an extension cable if you intend to use it in the garage-Inaccessible fuse - intentional so you buy a new one each and every time you blow a fuse.-The internal electrical design is probably from the 80 's . I have had it for 2 years . Used it on 3 cars , 3 times a year . So a total of 18 times -LRB- 72 tires -RRB- during the time . Just to top off the tires not even full inflate from a flat . At the time , I spent about sixty dollars on it . So eighty three cents a tire over its lifetime . Not a good value proposition . You are better off filling up air at the gas station.Having said that if you are a hobbyist/DIYer who knows his/her way around electrical/electronic components you can replace the fuse and or install an easy access screw cap panel mount fuse holder . There is an awesome instructable , do check it out.For very poor design and guaranteed failure -LRB- almost like an internal kill switch -RRB- - 1 glorious star . Black & Decker - why you no do good design .
 I purchased this Black & Decker Air Pump to replace the one I had that broke after 15 + years of use . The new one broke after only 5 uses .
 There seems to be an inherent flaw in the concept of moving the dial to the air pressure desired and actually having the unit do this.I 've now returned two units as the dial did n't work correctly and then unit over-inflated tires.the basic concept is great , just needs more fine tuning . I like the dual power concept and that is the primary reasoned I purchased it in the beginning .
 It does work , but is Poorly designed !! Using the a/c power , the d/c cord has to be removed from it 's storage to get to the on switch . Very inconvenient ! The a/c cord and the air hose should both be about 6 feet longer . Who wants to get out an extension cord every time they want to plug it in ? The coupler on the air hose is very flimsy , cheap and ca n't last long . The previous model air station was so superior to the new one and it was made in the USA ! It was a/c power only but had long cords and hoses and wrap around storage for them . The switch was easy to get to . That thing was used almost daily , like any other home appliance . New one needs re-designed again to be much more user friendly , and made with better quality materials , such as a metal coupler and re-in-forced air hose . Sorry , I just think a company like Black & Decker could have done worlds better . Thanks!ProsAc or dc poweredConsAc cord is way too shortAir hose is way too short
 Purchased brand new , mine crapped out on me after a grand total of three uses . Made predominantly from cheap plastic . The cords are unwieldy , no one thought about practical utility . In my opinion this product should not bear the name of a U.S. company .
 Obviously these inflators are not built to stand up under even light usage . Like several others reviewers , my inflator died in the middle of adding a couple of psi to a set of tires . Since this is something that is not user repairable , I have to take it 20 miles to the B&D repair center so they can order a new one under warranty . This is particularly annoying because this one was a replacement for my original one that had the same problem . I 'm seriously considering just buying a different brand .
 This product is a headache to use for several reasons :1 -RRB- It almost never puts the correct amount of air in a tire -LRB- forget the gauges -RRB- , maybe 20 % of the time . Found the least time consuming way is to over-inflate , then use an external gauge for accuracy .2 -RRB- It constantly has to be turned off and on , and frequently shuts off when trying to connect to the tire .3 -RRB- Cords are short , unplug easily4 -RRB- Is difficult to attach to the tire 's air inlet.I would not buy this again , and am disappointed with Black & Decker . Another cheap Chinese-made product to avoid .
 Good for light use . Readings are not accurate . Mine broke after a little over a year of infrequent use . Apparently not powerful enough to handle inflating car tires .
 I Purchased the AS1300 Air Station in Jan. 2010 and by Nov. 16 , 2010 it had stopped working . I have used it to pump only a few small items . I made the mistake of trying to pump up a tire on my Honda CR-V . The Air Station quit . I contacted Black and Decker and they knew the problem already . They will send me a replacement . My older Air Station had lasted over 15 years , but it was made in the USA.I was told that a fuse has blown and it is hard to get at . I looked inside and on the mother board a fuse is soldered in place . The AC Mode failed , but the DC mode started to pump . I have not worked the pump on the DC mode . Black and Decked should have produced a great AC pump and not a total mediocre Air Station .
 A Black & Decker of old quality it is not
 Giving it two stars for the two year warranty . Good warranty for $ 50 product . Still , this product is for minimal use , expect to use it only a few times .
 When I went to purchase the unit , I wanted proof it worked so we plugged it in , it ran for 1-2 seconds on AC and popped . It still works on DC . But opening it up I find the impossible to replace fuse , due to my electronics background I should be able to make a user replaceable solution ... . which should have been in the original design . I would definitely not recommend paying retail price for this unit from reading all the reviews mentioning the blown fuse , I 'm hoping the DC circuit is more robust.The good news , upon opening the unit , you find a circuit board and TWO pumps , one hooked to the DC , and one to the AC that is converted to DC , and some other electronics , I plan on breaking down the circuit to see how it all works.Update : I wrote an instructables for how to install a user replaceable fuse , because I see this unit having a problem with blown fuses from most of the reviews . Also I went with slow blow to see if that makes a difference , I intend to give the unit more testing tomorrow .
 Fuse blew out after using it to pump an inflateable swimming pool . I have to admit that it was pumping for about 45 mintutes straight , but is that too much to ask ? It works fine on cars and bikes . Beware that this is a very light duty inflator . Any strain on this puppy and it will die on you .
 Both the power cord and air hose are very short . You will need to use a extension cord every time you use it . The air hose is less than 2 ' long . The auto shut off is a nice feature .
 Not accurate enough to properly inflate tires . Only a dial that estimates the air pressure . Also very , very slow on filling up a car tire , kind of loud , especially in gargage . On/Off button not easy to access , should be on top of device . Cords are supposed to fit in compartment , but you have to jam them in and shut the door quickly to get them in .
 Perhaps it 's only me . The Amazon Search shows this as a RV tire inflator . The Product review seems to indicate that it will inflate RV tires . It will not inflate a motor home tire to the required pressure of 120 PSI.I have `` burned up '' two of them while only getting the pressure to 110 PSI . It might work on camper tires or Fifth Wheel tires , but not on a motor home tire .
 I do not recommend this product . The fuse is of low quality and has a propensity to fail . Because of a design defect , the user can not access the fuse to replace it . When you call the manufacturer , they attempt to get you to take the unit to a local `` authorized '' repair facility which is often in an undesirable area in major metropolitan areas . Most people will not want to spend several hours to take a $ 40 purchase to a god-forsaken location to get a 25 cent fuse replaced by another Chinese-made piece of garbage . This is a very expensive way to put air in a ball or two .
 I received this as a gift . I asked for it - by model number - so nobody to blame but myself . I was surprised to find the power cord is only a foot long - if that ! I do n't know about you , but I rarely park that close to an outlet . Even if I did park right next to one , the outlets in my garage are high enough that the compressor would have to hang from it 's own cord . It would not reach the floor . Maybe building code varies from region to region , but outlets in my garage were part of new construction - not added by the owner incorrectly.This will work fine for the person looking to inflate an air mattress/sports ball . There is no reason you could not do so indoors - using an outlet just above the floor . But if they really think this is convenient for the person looking to check and inflate their tires , they have to think again ! I will need an extension cord at all times to use this in a garage . Poor design .
 I bought this from Lowes . I tried it on my car tire and it actually let air out of the tire and the pressure sensor sat at 0PSI . Somehow the internal pressure sensor had a leak and actually let air out . Returned .
 I do acrylic paintings . I had been using blue painters tape to attach paper or canvas paper to a board . The blue color was interfering with my ability to manage the colors of the artwork . The adhesive on this tape is really strong . When peeling the tape off , it often takes part of the paper with it . Probably great for other purposes though .
 And buy white masking tape , it 's essentially the same thing , and it wo n't cost 10 bucks ! Kinda translucent , really thin .
 I bought this ready mixed concrete patch for two reasons :1 . I was too lazy to add water to the premixed concrete from the bag2 . Wanted a job to be done quicklyInstructions say to apply in 1/4 '' layers . Even if you do so , it takes more than twice the advertised time to dry -LRB- in 80F weather ! -RRB- . Should you have a need to fill some large and deep cracks , forget it . With this product you will have to revisit the work site couple times . If you 're in a hurry and will apply more than 1/4 '' you will come back to a patch with fresh cracks of its own . I wish you much luck if you happen to have some cracks/holes to fill in the ceiling.Bottom line is that
 Get this
 I bought this a while ago and while it sounds like a great idea , it just does n't work very well . It is battery powered and is REALLY slow and weak . So , you pretty much need to adjust it by hand to where it is all but clamped to begin with . So , I guess it works , but I do n't use it at all because it is just too weak .
 There really is n't anything good to say about this clamp unless one works for Black and Decker . To say that the clamping is slow is an exaggeration of the speed . When attempting to use this device be certain to have your cell phone handy so you can order dinner to consume before any real action begins.The best thing I can say is `` Forget it ! ''
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 Bought this saw online . Died after 10 minutes of operation . Engine will not start , wo n't even kick over with starting fluid.Spark works , cleaned out entire fuel system including carb , put in known good fuel , still wo n't start.Expensive dud .
 I do n't understand the 5 star reviews . We had a hot water dispenser that worked wonderfully past few years . Then it broke and we replaced it with this , based on the amazon reviews and its looks . Nothing but problems : - it makes sounds and starts to sputter steam at random times . we can avoid this by turning down the thermostat , but then we lose the boiling water ability . -LRB- I suppose we can also avoid this by turning the unit off entirely -RRB- - no way to press boiling water and keep it on , have to hold it in an ergonomically awkward way while water trickles out . - takes around 15-20 seconds for water to start coming out while you are standing next to the sink holding this knob down . this is just a joke - my wife is thoroughly displeased with it .
 It clearly states the product comes with a mounting bracket and quick connect fittings . Both of which are missing for me . Since I already have a plumber here to do the job , he has to `` make it work '' . I am totally bummed out .
 It worked very well for a while ; then the nicely hidden blade decided it had had enough and retreated into the plastic frame . Now it no longer opens any CD wrapping .
 The picture was not accurate . The light fixture did not have amber fixtures as shown in photo-instead had off white fixtures .
 I purchased this light for the closets in our new house as the code laws say closet lights have to hold only a cfl bulb . First , these are beautiful lights and for $ 20 the price was right . However , I wanted a fixture with 2 bulbs so the closets can be nice and bright and that 's what the details on this product say ... that it takes 2 cfl bulbs that are included with the light . The bulb is included but this fixture only takes 1 bulb . So , this is a fine light fixture and it will look beautiful in our closets , however , if you 're like me and looking for a fixture with 2 light bulbs , pass on this one . 5 stars for the product , 1 star for the poor description .
 This kit is the worst window shrink wrap kit I 've ever used . It is difficult to imagine what the product engineers were thinking when they made this ; for instance , did they at one point say to themselves , `` Wow , we 've made a window insulation kit whose flimsy double sided tape unsticks from nearly any surface with the least provocation , whose backing is almost impossible to peel off , and yet this is okay despite the mass of superior products out there '' ? Yes , they probably did say this to themselves with undertones of laughter.Not only is the kit overpriced for its exceptionally low quality , not only will it come off your wall if you cough in its direction , but it also seems to make less difference than other window kits in insulating your home . This kit , which in the end is nothing more than a cardboard box containing nonsticky plastic and sticky plastic of uniformly poor make , is an instance of all cons with such a scant sprinkling of pros that the balance swings dramatically in the favor of `` Utter uselessness , thoroughly and completely . '' Perhaps if you live somewhere where the temperature rarely drops below 50 F , where most people consider window wrap an exotic product , then you will be none the wiser in using Frost King 's recycled plastic waste in the form of `` insulation . `` There are many more cons to discuss , but let us end it there . This review comes from someone who has successfully used window shrink wrap year after year and only this time decided to go with this product because it happened to be the only woeful garbage the nearby hardware store carried . It 's too bad I could n't insulate my wallet from Frost King . Go with a product with the snap-on plastic tracks .
 I was hesitate to buy this kit because of the other reviews of the film/tape coming off , but I wanted to give it a try . It was simple to install ; however , after just two days , the film started coming off just like other reviewers had said . I watched the company video and cleaned and dried the window just as suggested -LRB- I thought maybe others had not been so thorough -RRB- , so it ca n't be dirt or oil causing the problem . I believe the tape is where the problem lies . I will look for a similar product from another company because I could tell an immediate difference in the temperature which was great .
 I bought the 9-pack listed as size 42 '' x 62 '' . There are 9 pieces in the box , but none of them are actually 62 '' wide . They are between 59.5 '' and 60.5 '' I have two windows that are 41 '' x 62 '' , so I would expect to be able to cover them with this product . It should be a nearly perfect fit ! It is not . I am really disappointed since now I have no used for what I bought , which is inexcusable . I am throwing away dollars trying to save pennies!I honestly expected that because the actual plastic film is probably VERY cheap to produce , and is designed to shrink , that it would even be a little over-sized , especially because right in the instructions it says to ` allow at least 1 inch overhang on all sides ' . If that is the case , what I bought is only good for windows up to 40 '' x 58 '' ! That 's a HUGE difference.Lesson learned
 Bought this at Home Depot last year . The film itself is fine , but the tape is terrible . After a few days , the film was peeling off at the corners on EVERY SINGE WINDOW . Garbage
 I 'm on my third box of this product . The first one was used when I got it home and stuffed with the plastic crumpled up . As if someone tried to use it but then said , `` I ca n't deal with this '' , and brought it back.The second one worked better at first but then the tape started to loose its adhesion . I brought it backand checked to make sure my next box has stickier tape . It seems I 'm not the only one . Most of the boxeswere opened and tampered with . It seems many people have a problem with this product or so many boxes wouldnot have been opened . I ended up using blue painters tape with the original plastic . Not next year . I will notbuy this product again .
 As stated by others , the adhesive with this product is extremely ineffective . Last year I used the 3m scotch brand , but I picked this up this year because it was in a display by e checkout line at the home improvement store . With the 3m I did all the windows in my house in like an hour and never had any problems . With this frost king stuff I 've tried to do three windows so far and each one has taken like two days of my life . The tape is impossible to work with since it does n't stick to the window frame . I even waited 15 minutes like the instructions say before removing the backing -- does n't matter . Then , once I eventually managed to get everything in place , if the tape did n't come off when I ran the blow dryer over the film , then it would come off overnight , leading me to try to stick it back with more tape the next day . I should have just thrown the whole thing out after the first five minutes of trying to do the first window . I never had any problems with 3m . Do n't waste your time or money with this garbage .
 After thoroughly prepping the surface the tape does n't stick . Except to the backing , which it 's nearly impossible to remove from . By the time you 've gotten the backing off the tape , the tape has come off the surface you want to adhere it to . After using the ENTIRE roll of tape on one small window , the plastic sheeting barely stuck to the tape . Where it did adhere , the tape pulled off the wall.Junk product . Do not purchase .
 First time attempting anything like this , so I had no idea what to expect . It took a couple windows to get the hang of it , but even then this kit did n't work well at all . First , peeling the back side of the tape was nearly impossible and took way too long . Second , as others have noted , the tape does n't stick well at all . It stuck better to me than it did the wall . When we finally were able to get one set , it fell down within a day or two . All that work for nothing and it left us just as cold as when we started . Definitely try maker of this product !
 There is a reason the Scotch 3M window treatment is more expensive than this junk . This stuff does not get rid of wrinkles with the dryer , the tape does not stick , and it simply does not seal or stay up for over an hour . We had to replace every one of these with the 3M version again . I know people get Frost King once because it 's cheap . Then they never buy it again .
 I found that the tape works just fine if you use a blow dryer after you have the tape and plastic in place . Getting them in place is a pain though and made for more frustration than I wanted to deal with . I am using what I have left over of the product from last season but will never buy it again . Removing the tape pulled up the paint beneath it so now having to fix that will use even more of my time and money having to buy paint .
 I 'm just going to throw one more negative review out there . Just like everyone is saying , I bought this and the tape does not stick to the plastic in the box . The tape sticks just fine to my window frame , but not to the plastic that comes with it . Total garbage . It fell down in less then 1 hour . DO NOT BUY THIS .
 Normally I use the 3M insulating kits with good success but this year I went with Frost King because it was on sale and money is tight . I broke the cardinal rule of `` go with what you know '' . I would like to ask the exec in charge of this product a simple question , '' have you ever tried to use this garbage yourself ? '' . The tape is absolutely worthless . No matter what I did , including heating the window frame , the tape fell off . I reinforced the film with packaging tape and thumb tacks . Shame on you Frost King . Lesson learned .
 I felt like I needed to write a review to help out some folks interested in buying this product . My husband and I have been using this insulation kit for a few years now , and it has always worked fine for us in the past . This year , for whatever reason , Frost King totally changed the tape that comes with the kit and it sucks unbelievably bad . I can not believe this tape even made it onto the market , that 's how bad it is . Did n't anyone even test it first?Anyway , if you read the reviews on this site , you 'll notice all the good ones are from 2009 and earlier , before they changed the tape . We ended up using the plastic sheeting that came with it anyway because we were lucky enough to find some leftover tape from last year . However , we will never buy this product ever again . Next year we 'll pay the extra $ for the 3M kit !
 Frost king should just buy their adhesives from 3M , the tape that comes with this kit is useless . I followed every direction to the `` T '' , and the film WILL NOT stick to the tape . Absolutely will not stick . I 'm returning the product today . Do n't waste your time with Frost King .
 I just got on here because I was curious of the reviews for this product . We always end up using plastic on windows in the winter because we are suckers for old draft houses . My husband picked this up and Home Depot . And I kept thinking we were doing something wrong . Even though I knew we were not . The tape is HORRIBLE . It pulls away from window itself . Even it is freshly cleaned with no dirt to be found . AND the plastic itself pulls away from the tape . It pulls away when you use the hairdryer to tighten the plastic and as I sit here next to the window we just did it is pulling away with the wind . We will be getting the 3M today . Stay far away from this product !
 This has to be one of the most inferior products I have ever come across . It baffles me in this day and age that it would be so difficult to manufacture tape that can stick to plastic wrap . Utterly a waste of money and time . I called/emailed the company in hopes of a refund and to express my disappointment in this product . If you need a window insulation kit , stick with 3M 's kit .
 1 . The film is cut into pieces that are just too small , I had to really stretch it to cover the whole length of the window . Seems the dimensions refer to the glass , most of us would like to attach the film to the frame ... 2 . Some of the sheets split along the creases when I tried to open them out , rendering them useless3 . The tape provided is really not very sticky , so it 's tough to get it to stick to the window frames -LRB- you really DO need to leave it in place a while and press it down repeatedly -RRB- . HOpefully this means that it wo n't pull the paint off the frames come the spring , but I 'm not optimistic.COME ON , Frost King , plastic film costs PENNIES . Ca n't you do better than this ?
 I bought two boxes of the 62 '' x 42 '' shrink window kits with 9 films in each kit and out of the 18 films , four of them were almost 61 '' and the other fourteen were less than 60 '' . Not one was even close to 62 '' . My windows are 60 '' high so I wasted three hours of my time insulating two windows with a cheap shrink wrap that was smaller than advertised . I have used the 3m product in the past and will never make the mistake of using any product by this company again . If I could give this product zero stars I would .
 This is the first year I 've had to pay for my own heat in my apartment , so I decided to buy this kit to help `` weatherize . '' My boyfriend and I spent about 3 hours carefully taping and attaching the plastic to all of our windows , following the directions on the box . We were very proud of our work and could already tell the cold air was no longer getting inside . Unfortunately , the next morning I woke to see that the plastic had come off of half of the windows , and a couple of days later it had fallen from every window in the apartment!The Window Insulation Kit turned out to be a total waste of time and money !!!
 I have never used a worse product in my entire life . I stopped halfway through , threw in the garbage and got 3M products . To start with , the double sided tape is complete crap . It does n't stick , but that 's not the worst part . Trying to peel off the backing after it has been applied to the window seal is a joke . The fricking strips are cut every two inches , so you are basically peeling off a thousand little pieces of tape . At this point , I yanked off the tape I already put up and will never use frost king garbage ever again . DO NOT BUY THIS .
 The actual size of the plastic films put in the box were different than what was advertised on the box cover ! They were supposed to be 62 '' long , but were only 60 '' in the kit I had purchased from Home Depot . I also read some other reviews with similar complaints before writing this review myself ! I have already returned this item and will probably try 3M instead .
 My husband and I live in a very old house , and we thought we would try this window kit to prevent cold air from coming in from around the windows . We have been struggling with it from the beginning . The tape sticks to the window sill and walls just fine , however the plastic will NOT stick to the tape at all . I 've been standing on a chair , trying to get the plastic to stay for about 10 minutes before finally giving up . The tape is worthless and is n't sticky enough . This product is absolute garbage , and I will not be buying it again . I 'm extremely disappointed .
 First
 I inherited a box of this junk from my house 's previous owner , having previously used just the 3M product . I was first struck by how thin and chintzy the plastic felt . Then I put the tape on -LRB- a clean surface I might add -RRB- and it instantly came up . Fair enough , maybe the product was old , so I got a fresh package and the same thing happened . This is a lousy product that , unfortunately , they somehow conned all the major hardware stores -LRB- inc. . Lowes , Home Depot , Sears -RRB- into carrying instead of 3M . That 's why I 'm on line to order the good stuff !
 the plastic melted when i blew a blow dryer over to shrink it ... the tape was difficult to adhere . The length was tight to fit over my window . all in all very disappointed with the product .
 I am a single female and was able to install the product fairly easily . Any wrinkles I had were gone by blow drying the shrink wrap . It 's been 2 weeks and I have not noticed any difference in the rooms that I used the product . Well , there is one difference , now I ca n't use the shades that I shrink wrapped in !!!
 I ordered this product at what I thought was a sale price ... it was n't they priced it wrong . Ok that happens . So they cancel the order never notify amazon and I still get charged and no one seems to want to give me my money back . This is the LAST company I would ever recommend to anyone who actually wishes to get the product they order . I will also post this review on Ivillage message boards to warn others not to order from them .
 This product is a waste of time and money . First of all the tape does n't stick to anything , not metal , not drywall , nothing . And if you manage to get the thing up , water and cold air still get through . I would have given this piece of crap a zero if it were possible .
 You have to wonder about consumer products that do n't deliver the benefits that are the reasons for their very existence . Imagine a shoelace that does n't stay tied and ca n't even be added to the shoe . Should such a shoelace exist ? Is it even a shoelace by definition ? This conundrum can be applied to this Frost King window insulation product , even after following all the instructions to the letter . Upon removing the plastic from the package , the material is folded in such a way that it clings to itself very tightly , making it necessary to spend several minutes trying to unfold the plastic . The two-sided tape used to attach the plastic to the window frame is alarmingly weak , perhaps to appease consumer fears of damaging the paint or finish of the window frame . Fair enough , but this makes the tape too weak to even do the job it 's supposed to do . Also , the paper protecting one side of the two-sided tape is annoying difficult to remove . After waiting the prescribed amount of time , I was generally unable to keep the tape stuck to the surfaces of my window panes , even though the panes ' material is listed as eligible for use with this product.Upon finally sticking the plastic to the tape around the windows and shrinking the plastic , with a hair dryer as directed , the tape failed on three of my five windows , completely eliminating the potential `` insulation '' promised by this product . The only thing saving my purchase from complete oblivion is that everything actually worked out as advertised on two of my windows , and a paltry amount of actual insulation from the cold seems to be the result . But my remaining windows are of the same nature and I followed the Frost King instructions to the letter in all cases . So here we have a product that either does n't do what it 's meant to do -LRB- especially the tape -RRB- , or only works some of the time . I have had a 40 % success rate with the installation process , and a paltry amount of success with actually keeping out the cold , even with those windows where the product worked as advertised . Ask yourself again , what is the reason for this Frost King product 's existence ? -LSB- ~ doomsdayer520 ~ -RSB-
 This product does n't have strong enough adhesive tape , the film easily comes off of the tape as well as the tape easily comes off of your window frame . Buy the 3M , its an excellent and superior product . I have used both Frost King and 3M and will never buy another Frost King product again . We noticed a difference in our bedroom after covering our poorly insulated windows with the 3M kit , worth every Penny.Frost King KitPRO
 The title says it all . The product that is designed to make a COLD and drafty window warmer does n't stick to cold window sills . This product is JUNK .
 I applied the Frost King wrap meticulously and carefully and within days the tape came loose -LRB- even though I 'd applied it with much pressure -RRB- ! I ended up having to redo all the windows using thick double-sided mounting tape from the dollar store . In all , this doubled my cost of the shrink film ! I used the 3M product in another abode and though it cost more , its performance was superior ! I 'll be writing to Frost to complain , then hereafter using only 3M .
 so it may not seem like a big deal to the company that the sheets are only 59 '' long instead of 62 '' but it is a big deal when you are trying to cover 58 '' windows . grrrr . what a waste of my time that I have to return this product and reassemble my blinds .
 overall decent product , it shrinks well to look clear when you use the hairdryer ... BUT WHY DOES THE TAPE NOT STICK ? you dont notice till a few hours or days later , but the tape didnt hold for me . so you get it all done , looks good , and then later the whole thing needs to be redone . i ended up using another layer of tape to secure the plastic .
 The two-sided tape is absolute junk . It does n't stick to much of anything . I had to run painter 's tape/masking tap along the entire perimeter of the plastic . I should have gone with the 3M pack .
 After one return for a new drill and then trying several Drills at the Depot , and two calls to Dewalt , I finally got the answer to why the clutch DOES NOT WORK in low gear - the drill is DEFECTIVE . The Dewalt tech put it this way
 make sure you do n't need a clutch for driving screws because none of the new 18v have a usable clutch . I can drive screws right thru oak on setting # 1 on low speed . The only time the clutch even begins to work is on the highest speed and only butchers drive screws at 2000 rpm . Great drill for changing tires
 Ordered this 18v Dewalt three weeks ago to replace a five year old Porter Cable 12v . Received it and put it right to use . Amazed with all the power ! Four days later , while driving 3 '' decking screws into soft pine 2x4 's the transmission stipped out . Amazon was great about getting me a replacement . I 've had the new one for about a week now , and it is making the same grinding noise and slipping like the first one did . I ca n't believe that I was unlucky enough to get 2 defective ones . There is some sort of problem in the design of the mechanism that allows for one handed bit changes . As soon as I finish this review , I 'm calling Amazon back to try to get into a Porter Cable . I know they work good since my old 12v drove the screws in that this Dewalt would n't . I know Dewalt makes great stuff , but there is some sort of engineering problem with this one !
 Dewalt makes so so tools at premium prices . Battery life seems to be shortest in the Dewalts compared to all other brands of cordless I 've used , and Dewalt is first to break down . Hitachi , Makita , Milwaukee , and Bosch are all better choices .
 This was a real disappointment to a loyal DeWalt user . This is nowhere near what you are looking for if you are going to be drilling into masonry , especially concrete . And if you are not , why are you buying this instead of the drill/driver model -LRB- which I own and love -RRB- ? The good
 The one handed operation of this drill is a joke . In order to make a one handed chuck the brake on these drills is extremly active . Unfortunitly the hard stop feature causes colet to put a slight impact on the jaws causing them to open after 40-60 stops.This Causes the bits to fall out . I emailed dewalt about this problem they refuse to ansewer back . Do n't they test these tools befor put them on the market . I haved switched to all makita and no problems yet . I tried to buy american got hammered 1 more time .
 I purchased the Dewalt 18V thinking it was the best drill on the market . I took it out of the box and found it had excessive runout in the chuck . I returned it and got the Milwaukee . The Milwaukee it cheeper , it has more torque , it is a much better tool . The chuck is all metal , and it is a beast or a drill . Every other DeWalt that I have seen -LRB- 4 out of 4 -RRB- have all had chucks that wobble ... Buy the Milwaukee !
 This is so small I could not believe my eyes when it came . It 's not for holdingup an antenna at all , it 's a joke .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I use this just occasionally . Did n't use it for a long time , and it seems that the glue has become stuck inside . It heats up , but apparently the melt chamber is not long enough , so that there is no way to force out the old glue , even when set on high power . I think that 's a poor design .
 This glue gun does n't have enough heating power to melt the glue sticks . I had to wait 10 minutes before I got anything to come out and it felt like the trigger was going to break since it was weak and I had to put so much pressure on it to finally get anything out . Returned .
 I bought this glue gun hoping that I would be able to use it for craft projects . But It simply does n't work . The gun heats , but the trigger does n't move the glue stick forward . It was a real waste of money .
 Useless because I got the wrong size , so they will be sitting in the basement for who knows how long .
 I ordered these glue sticks to fit a glue gun that takes oval sticks . I researched this online at Stanley and it said that these were oval sticks . They are not - they are the standard round ones you can get anywhere . The number matches the number ordered , just they are not as described . Had to return them .
 I ordered oval glue sticks and they sent me round ones which do n't fit my glue gun . I am disappointed and want to know how I send these back to you and get oval glue sticks .
 Item is pictured as genuine delta single lever repair kit in a Delta blister pack . Item is not in a blister pack and comes in a small press seal bag . The typical Delta Combination Wrench and Allen Wrench is not supplied with this kit but the Delta Wrench is shown in the blister pack picture . A separate allen wrench and flat wrench is substituted for orginal Delta combination wrench . The substituted fla wrench does not work well for tightening . The springs supplied are also longer , making installation of rubber seals a problem . The supplied plastic ring for the faucet does not have the same smooth shiny finish as does the Genuine Delta Ring -LRB- the ring supplied does not appear as sturdy , is not smooth and has a dull finish -RRB- . My conclusion
 we used about 40 of these and then switched to Lucifer Lighting . Halo tends to burn bulbs and the trim is poor .
 I installed these cans because I liked the small size and ease of installation . However , when I went to purchase the trim the cost per each piece was over 50 % of the cost of the actual can light . I would have rather gone with a standard six inch can and been able to purchase the trim at $ 5 each as opposed to almost $ 12 each . Just something to consider before installing throughout your home as I did .
 This is a review for the Panasonic FV-20VQ3 -LRB- 190 cfm -RRB- . It is quiet - not so quiet that you do n't know it is on when you are in the bathroom , but quiet enough that you ca n't hear it outside the bathroom when the door is closed.It absolutely removes all the moisture we have . We no longer have moisture on our mirrors or walls . On a recent stay my in-laws were so impressed with the results , they remember the `` before '' , that they had one installed in their bathroom.I am giving it a bad review for deceptive marketing . Their online documentation says it comes with hangers - it does not have hangers . You have to frame it out yourself . Also , the electrical box is not made for existing construction . After cutting the hole , I had to wire the fan from below , then slide the fan into position , then secure it . Let 's hope one of the wires never gets loose.Also , this is minor , but the inside of the fan is black , but for some reason they have a gray wire inside . I can not figure out why they did not make the wire black so it would blend in .
 The fan is indeed quiet . However whoever designed it clearly never tried to install it . You have to build a box frame for it , no support arms included . You can get it at most wholesale electrical suppliers for what Amazon is selling it for .
 I bought two of these items . They are rather small but will work . I 'd suggest buying something heavier made if this is for keeping a large pet or small child safe . I will be using them just for cover on my windows since they are n't durable for keeping a pet out . Also you will need your own hardware as I did n't receive any in the box .
 We have a Newport brass kitchen set in our house that is only 4 years old and the spray head is leaking . Absent the original invoice for the faucet set the company will not stand behind their product . Needless to say their 10 year guarantee is worthless . Considering the premium price they charge for their products , their customer support is horrific . Avoid like the plague .
 This company has to be the worst!I have over $ 6,000 of fittings in my bathroom . Fittings are less than 3 years old . needed to replace shower cartridge $ 250 and a plastic diverter in the tub faucet sheared , the part could not be worth more than $ 10 , the customer service rep gave me the part number and told me to find a local dealer . The dealer had the part but it was the wrong part . Called customer service again and explained it was not the $ 60 spindle I was looking for it was the small plastic diverter that the spindle turns ... the rep told me that part is not available and I should buy a complete new faucet -LRB- $ 1,300 -RRB- . I asked about warranty and was told if I do n't have original receipt -LRB- I do n't -RRB- to buy a complete new set . I wrote to the company ... no reply . I addressed a note to the president of the company ... no reply.Over priced poorly engineered , and company not at all interested in customers . NEVER deal with Newport Brass .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 This will not fit a BR style box . It is a CH style breaker.The ad states specifically for a BR load center .
 Did not call out the width and the picture is missleading , product is only 1 '' thk . Should give dimensions was not able to use product .
 Got as a gift when we moved to the country . Have used it daily with good results until yesterday when it got dropped . Ca n't find a bulb , and the mfg co is in Canada . Replacing it with a name brand . Spend the extra and get a better one .
 I was using this on a very heavy traffic tiled area ... it came up after one day . The adhesive is not sticky at all . This is fine if nobody is going to touch it , but if anybody is going to be stepping on it or rolling over it -LRB- especially on a tiled area -RRB- , I recommend something stronger .
 In reference to the Danze D404214SS Opulence Single-Handle Kitchen Faucet . It looked great so i bought it . Fresh out of the box and installed it had two problems , and eventually as i found out it had four problems .1 . Even when you turn the faucet off it continued to run slightly , unless you really force the handle up . I MEAN REALLY FORCE IT , and it has to be perfectly centered . I MEAN REALLY PERFECTLY ! Even so , eventually it will start to run again .2 . Even with the aerator screwed on tight water leaks around and out of the top of the end cap.The plumber - who is a master plumber chuckled and said ... junk . I guess he thought that would make me feel better . I actually called Danze and the rather terse and inconvenienced person -LRB- from somewhere far , far to the east of here -RRB- said he would send me a `` cartridge . `` I guess he assumed that I installed faucets for a living . I asked what is a cartidge ? , whereupon he said , ` it goes inside '' . WOW , the clouds parted and sunlight bathed my higher chakras . It was all clear to me.STERLING CUSTOMER SERVICE DO N'T YOU THINK !! I finally received the cartridge and yes it did correct the leak . A friend of mine has the same faucet and noticed that on his faucet you pull the handle out -LRB- away from the stem -RCB- to turn it on , while on mine you push it towards the stem . It turns out that not only was the cartridge defective , it was installed upside down ! We then corrected the problem ... I was quickly becoming a faucet expert !! Finally the top part of the faucet , the part that revolves , was always very loose . I thought that was the way it was supposed to be , until my friend asked , `` why is this so loose '' . Using a pliers we had to tighten the top screw cap , which in order to keep the faucet correctly tightened required lots of force . enough to mar the finish -LRB- yes we did wrap a cloth around it first -RRB- . It is regrettable that so many products I have purchased over the past few years are so poorly manufactured . This Danze piece is the last in a long line of Items I now refer to as a POC -LRB- pronounced `` POCK '' -RRB- which is an acronym for Piece Of Crap . It turns out that POCs are most often MICs -LRB- Made In China -RRB- . Actually I have found as a rule all MICs are POCs , but not all POCs are MICsDo n't let the charm and good looks fool you . I will never order a Danze product again . So there it is ... FOUR things wrong with a faucet . i can understand four things wrong with a car , four things wrong with the Space Shuttle , but sheesh ... a faucet . If your the type that looks for good looks alone , buy it . If on the other hand you seek a deeper relationship , like a faucet that works ... avoid this item . The product sucks and so does customer service.Addendum - I called Danze again to order a new aerator as it continued to leak . I received it and it leaked just the same . I installed some silicone tape around the thread and that helped.I am beginning to think I was sold a used product ... shame on 3rd party Danny K for selling it to me . I will consider carefully next time when ordering from third party vendors through Amazon .
 usng it but not operating properly i realy expected better have to keep top of toilet bowl to operate oh well
 It looks better than it is because it 's pretty light plastic.Will be ok for light duty tasks
 Expected more from amazon , it looks like it was sitting out in the weather . But it works . It was missing one of the clips but manager to salvage from my old one . Ya get what you pay for .
 The 70 amp breaker arrived in a nicely padded box . That 's the end of the good review . The breaker trip bar cover was broken -LRB- the piece of plastic that overs both switches so they throw at the same time . -RRB- If the bottom side trips , the top will not get pulled along with it.On further inspection , this is not a new breaker . There are obvious signs of wear at the circuit connection , main bus connection which was also bent , and the J-hook ends . The sides are also scuffed where it rubbed up against other breakers.Very disappointed ... being returned .
 I needed to remove a 1/4 '' stud with damaged threads but this tool would n't grab on to the stud because of the slightly reduced diameter due to the thread damage . In comparison , the stud puller gripped very well on the perfect threads of a new stud . However , in the process it destroyed the threads , making the stud unless . Since the usual requirement is for removing damaged studs , this tool is not very useful .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 Plenty of screwdrivers in this deal . Cosmetically they look great with the black tips . However the metal is soft and they are not going to last long . Stick with Craftsman hand tools .
 I bought this set of screwdrivers because I needed a torx with a long shaft . Amazon , as usual with Prime , delivered in two days.I opened the box.I unwrapped foam sheet packing material and found the screwdrivers poking through . No pouch , nothing . Just screwdrivers . Just slightly rusty screwdrivers.A bit of 3-in-1 oil brightened them up.They 're made in China of course.They warn the handles are not insulated against electric shock.Only warranty I could find in the box is Amazon 's 30 day return policy.I 'd return them but it 's too much bother . Next time I 'll just buy Craftsman locally .
 Marginal screwdrivers . Metal is soft and do n't let the black paint on the tips fool you . Installed 12 phillips screws in sheet metal , by the 10th screw the point was rounding . All show and no go !
 Disappointed , I ordered a new valve and was sent a used valve . Though is appeared to be priced less than a new valve and functions it is not what I ordered . Additionally Sears sells not only a valve but also the propane torch and handle as a kit for considerable less than the recommended `` package '' on Amazon . Returning the package to Amazon would have incurred restocking charges that made it about an equal deal . Recommendation check Sears first .
 HANDLE WAS CROSS THREADED AND CROOKED . VALVE THROUGHPUT UNSATISFACTORY.ACTUATER LEVEL FLIMSY PRESSED STEEL . ONLY THE HEX NIPPLE WAS USEABLE . $ 50 FOR A $ 1 HEX NIPPLE . GREAT .
 I got just over one hour of use out of this valve before it simply stopped working . There is nothing visibly wrong with it , and no clear way to fix it . Now , when I depress the cheapo pressed-sheetmetal lever the gas supply shuts off and the flame extinguishes . I recommend the much simpler and less expensive dial control valves seen on the older flaming wands . They work for years , are less fragile , and very easy to control . They also cost about $ 6 at the store .
 My review is the same as James Likely 's , I never received it so I ca n't review it . I 'm still trying to get reimbursed for this phantom product .
 sorry , as much as i would like to review this product i am unable to since i 've not received it and have not received a refund as of yet . i am not a real happy camper right now .
 This `` blacklight bulb '' is horrible . It was a couple of inches from me and it did not make anything glow at all like a blacklight should . I tried the similar no-brand bulbs at the Halloween stores last year and returned them for the same reason , but assumed being GE brand this would be much better . I was definitely wrong , and this is going back . If you need a blacklight , stick to the fluorescent bulb tubes , not incandescent . I promise that you will be highly disappointed if you purchase this . Amazon should definitely discontinue carrying this product and the 50 watt version .
 I purchased this product knowing it only produced dark purple light . When I put it in a socket -LRB- exact same wattage -RRB- and turned it on it slowly came on , produced good light , the you could see vaporization of something within the bulb . After less than thirty seconds it popped and never worked again . I would NEVER buy this light again . Ended up going to my local hardware store and buying more cfls .
 The light itself looked ok , not amazing . - It only worked 1 day - I ordered a second one that did n't work at all - Total bummer !
 I bought one a couple of weeks ago . The quality looks pretty good.Tried to fit with my Delta shower head and the pipe fitting . One end fit very tightly with the shower head . The other end would not fit into the brass pipe fitting on the wall or in the ceiling.I tried some other fittings , no luck . For my curosity , I measured the diameter of the threads . They appear to be 0.2 mm bigger than the angled Delta shower arm which I wanted to replace.I returned it today since I can not use it .
 It 's not a good sign when the inner packing box to an emergency or backpack kit is labelled `` fragile . `` The shovel would not lock positions , and the three sections wriggled uselessy back and forth . The flashlight head suffered from the same problem the shovel had
 You get what you pay for . Overall , a good buy . But the shovel broke in a 4 dig outs . Better to build your own kit .
 Some of these tools are cheap China knock offs of Leatherman and others.If you want the best keep shopping .
 I have been using these for over 2 years now . We have 19 water spigots across our property . They range in use from my wife 's vegetable garden , occasional hookup for a power washer , and horse troughs . You could say we test these cross the whole gamut.If you let them freeze they crack.Frequent use wears out rubber seals -LRB- I get maybe a year of disconnecting and reconnecting an item once a week -RRB- . The crack easily , usually leaving a male piece in the female piece , which is impossible to get out and requires changing both pieces.I 've yet to find anything that works better , and at this price I can afford to replace them all every year .
 Partial sets of these quick-connecters came with my Gilmour Pattern Master sprinkler . Neat ! The thing is , once you put the hose-end connectors on , you realize you 'll need more connections for all the other devices that connect to the hose , hence this purchase -LRB- Gilmour 2939Q -RRB- . Everything worked well for a week or so , then the rubber o-rings on the male ends became sticky and hard to connect . Meanwhile , the locking retractors inside the female end start to cut and slice at the o-ring
 Bought these at a big box store . Initially , they worked great and bought some more . After about 12 months of infrequent use , they began to leak , not just at the gasket as others have found . These were generally kept in the garage or heated basement and not allowed to freeze . About 18 months after the initial purchase , I am junking them and going with a metal quick-connect from a different manufacturer .
 Initially I bought one set each of a few brands to compare . Gilmour seemed to be made the best , it has a built in valve -LRB- very handy -RRB- , and the male connector has a wide flange which makes it easy to tighten with fingers -LRB- others need a wrench if you do n't have tough hands -RRB- . So I bought four sets of Gilmour , I was very happy for the first two months , but now they have all failed . Ca n't push the male connector all the way into the female . Seems to be a problem inside the female . I 'm starting over , looking at other brands .
 The copy I received puts out a bit over 19 volts with a 120 volt input . While this is probably good for a lot of conventional solenoid driven door chime systems , electronic based ones like theGE onemay not be able to handle that high a voltage -LRB- even after it drops a bit in long wiring runs -RRB- . Since it 's so easy to get this right -LRB- it 's just the number of wiring turns in the transformer -RRB- I ca n't rate it higher than 1 star .
 I guess the old addage it true -- You get what you pay for -- If this were a local purchase I would ask for my money back ... this battery loses it ` s charge right away ... I feel it was a reclaimed item that did n`t respond to it ` s rehab treatment -- I have left it on extensive charge and it still poops-out during the first usage ... . I would not even give this a single star if there was any other choice
 The first one arrived with a on-off switch broken in a bunch of pieces so we sent it back . The second one had the on-off switch in place , but when we pushed it , it sprung back to the off position and never turned on . We 're sending it back and will not order another . AT least Amazon has been good about sending UPS out to pick it up .
 I bought these specifically for the fact that they were the only ones I could find that were made in the USA . BUT they are not made in the USA , they are made in China . The packaging is also different then shown so I wonder what the `` sold exclusively by '' claim is for?The item is fine but NOT what is being advertised and that is why I am giving 2 stars .
 I bought two of these 14.4 volt NiCad batteries with my DeWalt DW991 3/8 '' drill August 20 , 1999 . As of today , April 20 , 2002 , neither of the two batteries will take or hold a charge . DeWalt says these batteries can take 1,200 charges . Not a chance . I have not abused them in any way . I have used only the original DeWalt charger . I have used them in a DeWalt flashlight , but never let them discharge excessively , or repeatedly `` topped '' them off.I am now faced with a -LSB- item cost -RSB- cost -LRB- with tax -RRB- to get my drill going again . Bummer.Seriously considering the Makita 6233DWBLE 3/8 '' 14.4-Volt Drill/Driver Kit with Flashlight that uses NiMH batteries -- much better technology . Only -LSB- item cost -RSB- for the kit .
 This is not the same bag I got with my tool originally . I used it till the old bag was ragged . This replacement was very expensive even if it had been like the original , but to make matters worse , it has a very large inlet port that requires an additional adapter tube thus making the whole deal stick out and more prone to snag on things , as well as making a quick switch to the opposite discharge more clumsy . I do n't know if I 'll even use it now .
 Bought this saw for my dad as christmas gift and it worked for short while , 6 weeks . My dad used it lightly and was never even dropped . Went through the channels with seller and amazon no help . Very disappointed with amazon . If I had bought this at Home depot , lowes , costco or at wholesale club they would have made it right . Really sucks . Think twice about purchases like this no recourse .
 We ordered this product because it stated that it would ship in it 's original container . It did not . In fact the `` Dewalt '' saw came in a `` Crafstman Drill '' box . This was a gift so obviously we were embarrased .
 I received the product which is the best Leatherman I have purchased and also the most expensive at over $ 100 . The problem was the company I purchased it through had put 2 order labels on the 1 box I received . I ordered a 40 bit set with the tool that I still have n't received from Rigid Knives and Cutlery . I have called them a few times and left messages . I ordered these items in June and still have n't received my bits .
 DEWALT DW9053 5-3/8 - Inch 80 Tooth Paneling and Vinyl Cutting Steel Saw Blade with 5/8-Inch ArborThe referenced saw blade is very difficult to find.I ordered it because my saw arbor is 13 mm and will not accept the more commonly found blades with a 10 mm arbor hole . I have a 5/8 '' to 13 mm adapter ring for my saw . Much to my surprise when I received the blade -LRB- in record time , I might add -RRB- it had the more common 10 mm arbor hole which is useless if your saw has a 13 mm arbor as mine does . Because of the low price and the urgency of my need I do not intend to go through the rigamarole of returning the blade . I have managed to find the proper item elsewhere . I have ordered many items from Amazon and will doubtless continue to do so but my confidence in an items description has been shaken.Thank you , bbaggins42
 Not 5/8 '' arbor as described . The hole is much smaller . If you zoom in on the photo , which I did n't do before ordering , it says `` 10 mm arbor '' in very tiny lettering on the blade . Returned .
 The stop functions as expected.However , the main bracket is sanded on six sides and the sharp edges and corners were not are not deburred afterwards . After cutting my hand on one of the burrs , I filed the edges and corners and my gripe is that I have removed the rust protective plating in those areas allowing a path for rust.This would be a much better product if in DeWalt 's manufacturing process , they would deburr the edges and corners .
 I received the length stop and attempted to use it but could not because I have to purchase another $ 30.00 part to make it functional . What a rip off !!
 This item would not conform to the fence corner and base where the mitred wood rests while cutting -LRB- at the designated length -RRB- prohibiting you from cutting an accurate length from simply moving the wood along the line to the stop . I had to redrill and locate the length stop 's end-flat / plate so it would fit for shorter mitre cuts that remained in the bed . A precise cut mitre angle crept past the stop along the fence and base without modification . REAL LOUSEY DESIGN THEORY . YOU WILL HAVE TO MODIFY THIS TO FIT THE SAW 'S BED / FENCE INTERSECT IF YOU BUY IT .
 I purchased the extension kit for my newly purchased DW716 . I 've been borrowing my father in law 's DW705 and he has the extension kit for that model which is great - it stows neatly under the base of the saw . Not so with the DW7080 extension kit and the DW716 -LRB- both are advertised as being compatible -RRB- . I could n't believe that it does n't slide under the base more than a few inches . This is practically useless since I do n't always want 20 '' sticking out the side of the saw . Others noted the same issue with their model saws . If it stowed it would be perfect , but it does n't and I 'm dissapointed . Also , the screws are self tapping which explains some issues other people described in their reviews . I did n't have any issues , just a little annoying but not a big deal since the instructions explained this .
 It is just OK but certainly not worth the price . Should have got two for the price and I think Dewalt should increase the price of their saw and include them with the saw.I would not recommend anyone spend the money on these .
 I bought it thinking it would logically be like the one I saw on a Makita miter-saw . One could slide it in or out as desired . Unfortunately one can not only not slide it in or out to adapt it to the wood piece length to be cut , but one ca n't either slide it out and remove it easily to carry the saw around . Very bad design from Dewalt . I liked my miter-saw until I saw this &#34; design-flaw &#34; . This accessory piece is also a pain to assemble and if one plans to remove it to save space or to carry the saw around , has to be sure to have a wrench to loose the locknuts . I definitely do n't recommend this accessory and suggest Dewalt to change it 's design to make it adjustable and easily removable ...
 Looks and feels great , out of the box ... but , when installing on my DW713 the nightmare began . Mounting is very sloppy , and impossible to level with the saw base . Although listed as compatible , it just does n't work . DW7080 and DW713 = JUNK . Trying to return , but mail order return are costly ... my costly mistake ... do n't do the same . I suggest you find another support system or saw . . Added Comment ... I found a second hole on my saw base . It was n't indicated in the instructions , but looked like it could help the situation . This hole needed a special size hex head screw , but did the trick . I now have my extension mounted solidly , and functional . I still wo n't change my rating or previous comments , because DeWalt failed in its ' instruction and their support help .
 These extension wings will be fine if you want them permanently mounted on your saw . I returned them because they are not easily removeable for saw storage . My Hitachi saw has similar wings that slide in and out with one top mounted set screw , the Dewalt requires mounting from beneath the saw and are not made to install and remove readily , so I returned the items.I decided on the Porter-Cable PC136MS Universal Mobile Miter Stand for my DW716 miter saw . The Porter-Cable stand is well worth the money and Amazon has is for less than I paid and shipping is free . The stand is excellent . I also used separate roller stands for support for my 20-foot long 2x8 's I was cutting .
 I bought two of these but Dewalt designed them and the saw poorly.Holes on both sides of the saw are in the exact same place so when you put in both , they can only be pushed in half way , so they stick out.They also fit sloppy , not something I would expect from Dewalt.What they should have done is offset the holes so they could be pushed in for storage . Other saws do this , its not hard.Other than that , they work fine .
 Online this is marketed everywhere as compatible with the 703 , 706 , 708 . The actual package only lists the 708 . After installing on the 703 , I would say they made this for the 708 and discovered it kinda worked for the 703 . The support piece is attached to the two rods through 2 large nuts . Note that you WILL need 2 crescent wrenches to assemble this part . The nuts are designed with a plastic liner on the end that is not grooved , so your first screw-in makes the grooves . The rod is flattened to allow for a crescent wrench to grab it so you can tighten . OK , it works there.On the other end , the rods fit very loosely into the base of the 703 . Most importantly , the 703 is designed so these rods only go in about 3 inches and then hit the base . Therefore there is NO `` telescoping '' functionality at all . From the minimal instructions , I take it the 708 is not like this and they can slide under the base , but the 703 only allows full extension . They give you screws to tighten down onto the top of the bars , through the base of the saw . These screws are almost impossible to get down in there . You will need a very large flathead screwdriver -LRB- at least 5/16 '' head -RRB- to crank this down . I had to clamp on an auto-loc handle onto the screwdriver just to tighten the screw all the way . Same goes for both screws.So when it 's all attached , it 's fairly solid so far . But this is a somewhat permanent attachement the way those screws are . I do n't want 20 inches sticking out all the time , and I ca n't telescope it in at all . I guess I 'm suposed to keep the large screwdriver and the auto-loc handy whenever I want to attach or take off this thing . Who knows how long those screws will hold tight , then this thing is worthless.VERY dissapointed in DeWalt on this . I thought they were suposed to be the best .
 I purchased the DeWalt DW7080 Extension System for my new DeWalt 706 Dual Compound Miter Saw . While I was very impressed with the tolerances and quality of the 706 , the extension system will not work properly . The 7080 system is made for the 708 saw but DeWalt said in their product brochure and on this site that it is the right one for the 706 . This is incorrect , as the extension system will not store under the saw . It seems the saw lacks the proper clearance under the saw table to store the system . The base casting needs to be modified by DeWalt to make this work . This means that every time you use the system , you must take it on and off and store it somewhere . I called DeWalt and after some research they agreed with me . In my opinion , based on the lack of ajustability for short stock , this makes the extension system worthless and diminishes the Model 706 saw .
 I , like the above reviews read on the dewalt website that this attachment fits on a 706 saw . Well I got this kit , began bolting it together , I was pleased with my new gadgest , wanted to slide it in and under the saw ... goes in about 3 inches and stops so when u put your saw away u have this 20 '' long extension sticking out , so if u want to unscrew it EVERY time you have to use the horrible torx bolts it comes with , that will be toast after about 20 times and remove the entire attachment . I got scammed by dewalt and I dont know why with all the coin they are making in profit of people they cant make some proper accesories . Yes it does suck that my 706 saw came with ZERO accesories , but i dont mind paying extra for accesories I want and need , if they are made right , they were hitting the crack pipe when they designed this , and It looks like it wont even work on a 708 saw as the holes are spread further apart . All I ask DEFAULT , I mean dewalt is you fix your website so that the 706 is not listed as compatible with this piece , and then make me one that will work , and WILL slide under the saw . Unbelievable , I mean , I would rather have parts that work than watch some redneck race his dewalt nascar , put your money into better products ... Yes I love my saw , but hate the accesory scam
 Ok I admit it , I misread the advertisement and thought I was buying a pair -LRB- set -RRB- of extensions . For the price , I feel one extension set is a rip-off and DeWalt should consider selling a set at a price somewhere between $ 32 for 1 set but certainly not $ 64 for 2 sets -LRB- list price is $ 88 for 2 sets -RRB- . One set is useless when , for example , sawing crown moldings or similar instances . Nobody wants to keep switching the extension back and forth .
 The rods of the DW7080 Extention will only go into the bottom of the DW718 saw base several inches before they hit against metal . The extension does not `` telescope '' in and out as Dewalt describes . Storing the saw will take up more space unless you take the extention off.The holes that the screws to secure the support rods in are not threaded from the factory . I used a large flat head screw driver to push down really hard while the screws created initial thread.You need to be careful that you do not strip the thread when screwing them in the first time.Probably need to take care when securing the extention later as the base of the DW718 seems to be some kind of cast metal.I tried to change rating to three stars but could not .
 I purchased this bag for my DW708 miter saw and it barely captures any of the sawdust . Most of the sawdust shoots directly out the lower portion of the blade and will not make it up to the higher location of the bag . I subsequently hooked up a vacuum system with much better results .
 After purchasing and installing the dust bag I noticed that it did n't matter whether I had the bag on or not , the amount of dust spewing from the saw was the same . Luckily I purchased this bag from a local building supply store that guarantees satisfaction on anything they sell .
 I purchased this product and was not impressed with the performace . I have a Dewalt mitersaw and found this dust bag only gets in the way and does not stop much sawdust at all from being blown out the rear . I would not recommended it .
 For every pound of sawdust created , this maybe captures an ounce . What 's up with that?My DeWalt 705 still rocks though !
 I do n't know why anyone still uses these things . Everyone owns a vacuum , and if the nozzle does n't match up perfectly we all know how to use duct tape.Some people get the bag to work ; others have problems . But in the end it 's the guys with the vacuum hooked up to it that end up walking away with little or no cleanup!If you lost it and are looking to replace it , forget it and go buy a new blade with the money you save .
 I use the saw with out a bag . I use a piece of 90 abs to direct the sawdust into a rubbish bin or just pile it up where it lands and clean up at the end of the day .
 I use a DW 12 '' saw . This needs zero stars . This bag falls off when the blade arm is raised . After a half day of chopping it had pehaps 1/3 cup of sawdust with the rest on the floor . Sent back as defective . Do n't waste your money unless you want to duct tape it on for looks . The other reviews about this problem were dead on .
 Says universal but it does not fit a DW718 mitre saw . The saw 's outlet is oval and this is round and too big to stay on . Am returning it .
 I really like my DeWalt sliding compound miter saw , and got this bag for it when I started using the saw in my garage shop -LRB- as opposed to outdoors projects -RRB- for dust control . It is only a little bit better than using the saw without it . I would say the dust capture is 20 % at best.I found that I am a lot better off for dust capture if I attach my shop vacuum to the port where this bag is supposed to attach and have active suction to pick up the dust . This captures about half or more of the dust . Overall , though , it seems that there is a reason there are dust hood systems with large hoods to capture miter saw dust into a collector
 This was what came with my DeWalt miter saw , and I lost in a move to our house . It is too small and but unless you have a dust collection system this will do in a pinch .
 When I called the Black and Decker Service Center for a replacement dust bag for my chop saw , the lady said that this is the one I would need . The first time I put it on the plastic ring split open . So much for Black and Decker and Dewalt -LRB- they must own B & D -RRB- expert help !
 The bad is fine but the saw does n't throw much up into it , so if you are looking for a miracle cure-this is n't it .
 this came with my miter saw given to me several years ago . dust does accumulate in it but lots of it does not -LRB- falls down the bottom -RRB- . Yo 're better to set up a dust collection system with vacuum .
 I was in the market for another compound miter saw and decided I wanted the best . I am a contractor and place a heavy demand on my tools and equipment . I read the reviews , researched the tests , even tried one out -LRB- 2 cuts on another contractors jobsite -RRB- . Cost was not an issue , I wanted the best . Well I now own a DW708 and I must say I am very disappointed ! The extended height fences are constantly in the way , you have to remove them instead of flip them out of the way like one of the other models I have . Anyone who owns a piece of equipment that requires the removal of a certain piece to perform basic functions knows what happens to that part . The tightening knob on the fence will not allow the saw to bevel to 45 r. at max miter . The whole head sags when the bevel knob is loosened . The knob itself needs to be tightened 1 complete turn or more and the same for loosening . Unlike the competitions 1/4 turn leverlock . And best of all !!!! the blade shaved a nice flat surface on the fence the first time the blade was set at 45 r. bevel and 45 r. miter ... a pleasant surprise . And for anyone who is buying one of these , order 2 wrenches because the cheasy holder will ultimately lead to the loss of the original . O.K. maybe this is a small detail but on my particular saw the DeWalt sticker on the motor is upside down . . not a big deal but while I 'm at it . And to top this gem off ... not 1 accessory !! no bag , no hold down clamp , no extensions . Again ... unlike the competition . Do n't get me wrong I own many DeWalt tools and will undoubtedly buy others but until this particular model undergoes some major improvements ... SORRY ... NOT IMPRESSED !!!!!!!!!
 I purchased this saw expecting it to replace my radial arm saw . I discovered a manufacturing defect after using the saw . The sliding rails are not aligned with the saw blade . Whenever , I used the slide feature for boards wider than 4 '' , I 'd get chipout and/or burned edges on the wood . I reported the problem to DeWAlt and they suggested that I take the saw to one of their authorized repair centers for evaluation . After 3 weeks and 3 trips to the repair center they decided there was no way to adjust for this problem . The manager said he would recomend to DeWalt that it was a manufacturing defect because the yoke was machined inproperly and see if they would pay to repair the defect . Guess what ? Not a word from the repair center or from DeWalt . I 'll never again buy anything with the DeWalt name on it and if you are considering this saw look further . If you are gong to use this saw for anythig other than cutting 2x4 for home construction you wo n't be happy with this saw .
 If you purchased the DW708 from Lowe 's during 4Q-2002 , you were influenced undoubtedly by the great premium offers , especially the `` Ultimate Accessory Package '' with a `` Street '' retail value of about $ 150US . I was one of several 1000 + dupees . I kept following up every 8 weeks with the Lowe 's Rebate Center to no avail . Now , DeWalt & Lowe 's are sending out letters to the effect of `` Sorry we did n't do what we said we 'd do , but here 's a little parting gift instead . '' Monty Hall then pops out with `` Let 's see what you might have won had you chosen Door # 2 . `` Good thing there 's a one-year warranty because the turning center table and outer base are not in plane . Forget about getting compound cuts to match , and here 's why : Put a straight-edge across the DW708 table and base . If these are on a true plane , as they should be , you would not even be able to slip a sheet of paper between the table and your straight-edge . On mine , I can actually slide a 1/16 '' drill bit under for several inches on the table . The problem ? the cast base -LRB- that 's the outer part -RRB- is either warped or haphazardly milled . And yes , I did go back to Lowe 's and checked to see if the display model was true
 I see a lot of reviews that owners are bragging because they are trying to justify the price they just paid for this saw . In terms of overall value -LRB- actual benefits and quality versus price -RRB- I give it a 1 . I have been a DeWalt fan for a long time but their motto `` Own the User '' is n't backed up by this tool or their poor customer service.Read the reviews and look at the problems , they are for real .1 . Highest price with fewest accessories . C'mon , DeWalt , even your cheaper saws have an extension . Stops and hold downs would be nice -LRB- cheaper that the other tools that you throw in for promos -RRB- .2 . Base quality issues . I have read complaints about the base not being flat . I have n't checked mine yet for flatness , but I can believe it . Mine had so much casting slag that needed to be trimmed that I believe the other reports of base problems . It took an hour with a die grinder to trim all of the burrs on the casting . For $ 600 you 'd figure that DeWalt would hire someone on the line to deburr their products .3 . Tool quality is the most important issue when purchasing items of this price . Second comes customer service . Read the reviews , DeWalt 's customer service does not back up their motto `` Own the User '' . Their customer service is just flat poor ! They put the wrong blade on the saw and wo n't exchange it . They had a promo and wo n't back it up . All big tools have pluses and minuses but customer service can overcome some of the problems and really let a company shine . DeWalt , you missed the boat on this one!For a company that spends so much on brand image advertising , they drop you like a hot potato after you purchased their tool . I plan on returning this saw and getting the Makita . It 's the same price , customer service seems to be better , and they have a great promo going on now -LRB- Buy the saw - get a cordless impact . Also , enter the sweepstakes for a new truck -RRB- . While it looks nice , I will be putting less yellow and black in the shop .
 unlike most of the other reviewers , I really got soaked for the cost of my bucks . I bought it a couple years ago . It looked like a good compromise between a standard miter saw and a radial arm . For the good - it has plenty of power and capacity for just about everything I need . I have bought 2 aftermarket blades for it for another -LSB- price -RSB- . But thats not the part that bothers me . The part that really get under my skin is the fact that it took me a couple months to get it to cut square . I FINALLY figured out that the inside of the fences titled in towards the blade . When I put a straight edge -LRB- finally -RRB- across the length of the fence there was a gap in the middle . I could get square cuts from one side or set it up to get square cuts from the other , but when my board spanned the distance between the 2 fences it was out of square ! And the cuts would burn ! So I finally put 2 pieces of masking tape vertically on the fences next to the blade and it seems to have helped . I am very disappointed in the saw especially for the wipping I took at the check out . Trouble is now I have to wait till it wears out before I can justify replacing it . But its great for rough cutting 2x4s !
 TOOK THIS SAW BACK . THE BEVEL ANGLE SLIPPED TO MUCH FOR THE QUALITY WORK I PUT OUT . I TRIED TO TIGHTEN THE BEVEL HANDLE DOWN TIGHT AS POSSIBLE , YET THE SAW STILL SLIPPED . I WAS VERY CONCERNED ABOUT LONG TERM SAFETY WITH THE TOOL BEVEL ANGLE . I DO N'T WANT TO LOSE ANY FINGERS .
 I could n't get the saw to cut square . If I got a 45 degree on the right to cut it would be off on the left . I could n't fine tune it because it would fall into the postive stops and not allow me to adjust a quarter degree one way or another . There were some good things but I had to take it back because after several hours of adjusting it did n't suit me . Due to DeWalt 's excellent return policy it was no problem to take it back after 3 weeks .
 Cutting Base moulding laying flat @ 45 * does not cut square no matter how much i try to adjust it , it doesnt work . as for the rest of the saw its ok . I will buy the Festool Kapex next time
 I like the design of the DW708 handle and the stacked rail system . However , the motor is so loud and the gears do not seem to be well made . Also oil drips when in use . And the saw blade is poor quality and needed to be upgraded for my first project . Hitachi still makes the best miter saws .
 If you purchased the DW708 from Lowe 's during 4Q-2002 , you were influenced undoubtedly by the great premium offers , especially the `` Ultimate Accessory Package '' with a `` Street '' retail value of about $ 150US . I was one of several 1000 + dupees . I kept following up every 8 weeks with the Lowe 's Rebate Center to no avail . Now , DeWalt & Lowe 's are sending out letters to the effect of `` Sorry we did n't do what we said we 'd do , but here 's a little parting gift instead . '' Monty Hall then pops out with `` Let 's see what you might have won had you chosen Door # 2 . `` Good thing there 's a one-year warranty because the turning center table and outer base are not in plane . Forget about getting compound cuts to match , and here 's why : Put a straight-edge across the DW708 table and base . If these are on a true plane , as they should be , you would not be able to even slip a sheet of paper between the table and your straight-edge . On mine , I can actually slide a 1/16 '' drill bit under for several inches on the table . The problem ? the cast base -LRB- that 's the outer part -RRB- is either warped or haphazardly milled . And yes , I did go back to Lowe 's and checked to see if the display model was true
 As was stated before , the blade does not track parallel to the rails . If you do n't cut wide boards that require you to use the slide mechanism , you can adjust the 90 degree detente to actually cut 90 degrees but then your other detentes will be off due to the blade being toed either right or left . Whether you adjust the dentente or not , engaging the slide will reveal the discrepency one way or another.One of the nice features of a slide in addition to capacity is the ability to choose how you make a cut . When a blade goes through wood , the back end or where the blade emerges from the cut is where you get tear out , or damage to some degree . The slide and chop ability gives you more control over the quality of the cut as you can do a number of combinations to reduce damage to the back end of the cut . However with this saw , if you want to use the slide you 'll always be figuring out how to compensate for the error . Also , when cutting to length , when you use the slide you will still have difficulty cutting accurately . Lining up the tip of the blade with the line drawn on the wood will not give you an accurate cut length wise . More material is taken off because as you draw the blade through the wood as either the front end or back end of the cut will take off more depending on which way the blade is toed.When making a miter cut , in order to get some sort of accuracy you have to experiment with the angle because you ca n't trust the 45 degree detent . Since the cam lock will want to fall into the dentent if you try to make too close of an adjustment , you are severly hindered in getting that accurate angle . Also , the mis-aligned blade will cause burn when making miter cuts . Perhaps Dewalt 's new 12 '' slider will not have this problem . This issue really limits the functionality for any kind of decent woodworking and carpentry . I sold mine and will be getting the Makita.Update . I have since bought the Hitachi C12LCH -LRB- no slide -RRB- . I decided to save a few bucks . Makes a very accurate reliable cut -LRB- when using a good blade -RRB- , though i do miss the features a slide gives . The only issues i have with the Hitachi are small and related to features . One other note , having used the Hitachi for the past 4 months or so , has really given me a new pespspictive on just how much of a hassle and how poor that 708 was.Also , the error in alignment was substantial at 1/16 '' . If i could i would revise my grade to one star .
 I am not a contractor , but a homeowner who is building my own house . The DW708 is an excellent tool when it is new ; however , over a short period of time , with inconsistent use , the slides get loose and does not cut an accurate angle . You must keep the locking screw snug which is not the way it is supposed to operate in that it is then difficult to slide without this screw being loose . It also has no dust protection in the table bearings and eventually becomes difficult to move the table from one angle to another . Again , I do not use the saw everyday so I am confident that anyone who depends on this tool daily to give them accurate angles would be disappointed after a short time .
 I have a Dewalt DW708 and the switch no longer works . I found out the part is no longer manufactured . I have called Black and Decker and the service centers they recommended , no part . I now have a 500.00 dollar paper weight . Thanks .
 I have used other Dewalt saws and they where very good this one I have the blade is out of alignment with the slides . So in other words it dog tracks . It is a manufacturing defect and there is no way to adjust it . It is just defective . Others may have had good ones but this one is bad . The back of the blade drags on the right side of the cut . In a 3/4 `` x 4 '' thick board as much as 1/32 '' . The front of the blade will produce a pretty good cut on the left side because the blade angled that way with the back of the blade to the right when you pull it through with the slides from back to front . Very annoying and makes for a lot of extra work .
 For some time now I have heard people rave about the DW 12 '' slider BUT I do not agree . I have used them on site for 2-3 years now and I really do n't like them . First problem you ca n't disable the set degree lock . I have spent many valuable mins trying to get the lock to stay 1 degree off the set angle only to have the lever lock fail in the middle of the cut causing the saw to buck !! that alone is enough to throw this tool away . It is dangerous ! The lever lock can be tightened -LRB- by flipping the saw OVER ! -RRB- but it comes out too easily and too often . The next prob is the looooooong arm that is vulnerable to passers by and if it is dropped it will bend -LRB- I have seen it -RRB- . Now onto the slide it self , there are n't any bearings !! there is just a whimpy screw that comes loose as well . How can a professional rely on a piece of equipment that is in constant need of retuning ? Yes the 2 way tilt is nice but ... I am not bitter , DeWalt makes a great fixed compound mitre I have one but as for their slider it is dangerous , inaccurate and wears poorly
 As a renovation carpenter I have used this saw for rough & finish work over the past year and have to say that this saw is NOT WORTH THE PRICE ! Is does cut smoothly , and true , the dual compound feature is convenient , but I expect that in a saw at this price point . What is absoultely most FRUSTRATING about this saw is the quick lock lever on the table . DO N'T EVEN TRY to cut anything less than a 2 degree angle - this table simply will NOT LOCK in place ! This saw is ADEQUATE , for its price it should be excellent . I 'd recommend either the Makita 10 '' or the Hitachi 8 '' if you really need a saw for precision work .
 I thought I was purchasing a saw for my shop but instead found out I should have purchased this for framing houses and not for the fine finish work I do in my shop . The deflecton of the blade and wobble off the saw head will cost you a lot of money if you get into more pricey fine wood . The saw has held up nicely but not what I expected for the money . I have since purchased the new Hitachi 12 '' and the difference is incredible . I really thought the Hitachi would be similar to the Dewalt since they both are 12 '' models , but I wanted to try it out anyway . I used to own the 81/2 '' Hitachi and and still have it in my shop 12 years later . The new Hitachi 12 '' looks like something out of a space movie but boy it is accurate .
 I bought the 708 over a year ago and I wish I had tried to return it sooner -LRB- one year warranty -RRB- . I had only used it to cut 2x4 's when setting up my shop along with other rough work , but I noticed it always pinched near the end of the cut . I thought the lumber was just warped but after I started to build my kitchen cabinets and finding that the cuts were not square I put a straight edge on the fence , it was nearly 1/16th off in the center.Not only that but the base was at least that much low as well.I 've checked some floor models at Home Depot and seen the same problem . I have now basically half a saw because I can only cut from the right side , having to make two cuts because if the board is too long it 'll bind.I called Dewalt , the rep said he had heard of problems with the fence but not the base and then told me to call the local service center who said since it was over the warranty period he would have to charge me , but it would be no more than $ 250 ! Gee thanks . Also the blade is worthless I replaced it with a 96 tooth Freud . It is also underpowered , mine is the 13 amp . Overall a terrible value and poor quality to boot .
 This saw might work ok for hacking 2x4s for rough framing , but is useles in a furniture/cabinet shop . Here is why :1 . Does not stay square no matter how often you set it up .2 . Way under powered for hard woods -LRB- even 4/4 -RRB- with a fine tooth blade .3 . The dust shute is a joke , even when hooked up to a collector .4 . The saws head has about a 1/4 '' of play -LRB- no wonder why it wo n't cut square miters -RRB- 5 . Requires the hold-downs6 . Did I say it does n't cut accurate miters?This saw has caused me more frustration then any tool I have owned in my 20 + years of building furniture .
 I have this saw permanently set up in my cabinet shop . No matter how much time I take to set it up , it still cuts inconsistantly . I think a lot of the problem is that it is under-powered , so the blade torque varies as you make the cut . I 've owned several Dewalt tools and have not been happy with any of them . This might be a good tool for framing , but not for the proffesional cabinet/furniture maker , where accuracy and repeatability is crucial .
 This saw was quite a disappointment . It is just not accurate , and worst of all , the bevel adjustment moves no matter how tight you try to get it . It seems that the bevel angle gets altered after every cut because it wo n't stay tight . How professional is that ? I did n't pay this much for a tool that requires this much work . I will definately stick with the teal tools from now on .
 I could not make a review without any stars but I would have to give this saw ZERO STARS . I have been in the construction business for 40 years and bought on of the first electric miter boxes Rockwell 9 '' . I had 27 men working at one time and we probably have used every brand size and style of miter saw made -LRB- exept Hatachi and Craftsman - toy miter saws -RRB- . Usually haveing 4 or 5 going constantly all day , on wood , metal , and plastic . This is the worst of all of them . It has been used on 3 jobs and has had the motor replaces twice ... uh . . that is once after each job . It was never used for anything but its intended use and not hard or long ... last time we were needing it on a job , the lead man said he could do it better with a makita 12 '' circular saw . . and it may have seemed a little slower until you take in account , I did not have to take it for repairs or pay for a third motor . I think it will make a good boat anchor . I am not prejudice I have many Dewalt tools but this is one not to buy . hw
 This item is ridiculously overpriced ... for a couple ofbucks worth of metal made in Taiwan -- a real consumer rip-off . DeWalt/Black & Decker , the manufacturer , should be ashamed of itself . Unfortunately , it 's the only extension that works with DeWalt chop saws , if you want an extension that will attach to the saw . My recommendation
 I love DeWalt tools and generally think they are worth the price , however - this is going a little overboard . I believe -LRB- as many others do -RRB- that this should have come with the DW705 . It is overpriced and actually does n't work that well . I 've installed it correctly -LRB- with a little help from Customer Service -RRB- and yet it still does n't sit properly . I think I 'll go back to my own rigged contraption - it worked better than this does ! I expect better from DeWalt .
 The description is misleading . It states that you get a pair , when actually they only send one .
 DEWALT DW7050 Extension Kit , for DW705is not worth the price . The item is for ONE side of the saw . My fault for not reading better , sure - it said `` This kit includes a pair of 20-inch rods '' and not `` a pair of estensions '' . The kit arrived in good shape and when I saw how you have to mount it , and how you have to use a wrench to adjust it , annd how even if I bought a wing nut for it , it was still going to be a jury-rig - I decided to return it . The seller was nice -LRB- thanks Mike -RRB- - but here 's the kicker - somehow the seller got it to me for $ 5.99 shipping . I had to pay the shipping to ship it back -LRB- still , I am okay , it was not an Amazon item -RRB- - and my shipping , cheapest US Post office possible , was over $ 12 . So I paid $ 18 to LOOK at an item that is really not woth the $ 17 charged for it . Do n't buy this - you really will not like how it mounts and to do it right , with both sides , at $ 23 per side total you will have spent $ 46 on something that does not help at all if the board you are cutting is longer than 3 feet .
 This extension kit is an absolute piece of junk . This is mostly in part due to the poor mounting design . Save your money !
 If you have the DW706 double compound saw you might be disappointed with these stops . They will NOT cut crown larger that 51/4 '' which is far less than the 6 '' crown that saw is capable of . There is a review that talks about this a little more on the DW706 page .
 I purchased the DeWal saw because of the capacity to cut 6 inch crown , in position , against the fence . The crown stops do not work with 6 inch crown . Enough said . I guess I had the impression that if the esteemed Dewalt engineers would build a saw with the capacity to handle 6 inch crown , then the stops would also work . Wrong . I built my own `` stop '' by fixing a board across the table but in the process I wasted the money I spent on the Dewalt stops . I might as well chuck them out because using a board across the table is fine . I should have known better .
 Yes , they should be a bit longer to allow six inch crown . They should also have a quick release mechanism . but these are minor complaints.Look closely at the picture . I ca n't understand how they can charge this price for an item that obviously can be made for 1/10 the price -LRB- look at the picture again -RRB- . I still bought them because you really must have them if you do any anount of crown . The real disapointment is that for that much money you 'd think they would at least be square . Mine are not -LRB- out of the box -RRB- . When dewalt sat down and designed this thing there were only two basic requirements - it must attach to the side of the saw with a slot that allows adjustment and then turn square so as to be parrallel to the fence . It is totally unbelievable that they could fail at this . No name tools manufactured on a dirt floor in the south pacific would likely be more succesful in producing this product.On the flip side I still use this product all the time and it is in fact very helpfull when working with crown .
 If you think that you actually need these things then you probably need more skills not more tools . I found them to be awkward to work with -LRB- especially when working with several moldings at once -RRB- and completely unnecessary .
 I have had this clamp for a couple of years . Worked great . Over the weekend , I dropped it on my shop floor . Actually , I knocked it off of the miter saw stand , let 's call it 36 '' above the floor -LRB- Concrete -RRB- . The handle shattered into pieces . The clamp is now useless . I called DeWalt . Sorry , the warranty is only 1 year - and we do n't cover DROPPING it . Oh , and it was discontinued in 2006 so it HAS to be older than a couple of years.First , this is a heavy-duty clamp that costs a lot of money . It should be durable enough to be DROPPED 36 '' to a shop floor without becoming useless . Even most electronic devices -LRB- iPhone , etc. . . -RRB- can be dropped from that height without breaking . Second , I understand a one-year warranty on my saw , it is going to wear out , but a heavy-duty clamp ? Warranty it for life.I did a quick web search and found 14 retailers that have it in stock for sale today -LRB- new -RRB- so the discontinued five years ago excuse is lame.I have generally good performance from DeWalt tools and poor customer service from DeWalt customer service . It just happened again.Conclusion ; it is a good clamp , just do n't drop it .
 Bought this to replace dust hood that came with planer . Though it looked different I went by the statements saying it fit the DW734 . It does with much modification and one three handed person -LRB- two ca n't get to it and you need three hands to hold the cover , the blade guard and the screw & screwdriver . I give it a couple of stars because it is more solid .
 I have been scrolling for 20 + years . Not long ago I bought the 4th Dewalt DW788 . Still Disappointed ! I bought my first Dewalt about 10 years ago . worked great -LRB- low vibration/blade shake -RRB- . At the beginning of the second Year it started surging and screwing up , I took it to a qualified repair shop . He said the motor was shot . Replacement motors are well over $ 200 . So I bought a new Dewalt . 2 years later , same problem , so this time i bought a new motor . One year later that stopped working . I have now bought my 4th DW778 . It has a terrible front to back blade vibration that I ca n't adjust out of it . Good design , NO reliability.I would love to buy the next better saw out there but at twice the price what will I end up with ?
 I bought this saw 2 years ago to do a small project . I now only buy what is considered to be the best tool I can afford in order to avoid having to buy a second better one later . I used this saw for about 2 hours total and did n't have occasion to touch it again until recently . After 5 minutes of cutting some 5/8 '' plywood pieces the fuse blew . I replaced it but it blew again . Took the saw to the local DeWalt auth . service center . They tell me the motor is no good and it will cost me ... to fix ! They called DeWalt to explain it was in new cond . but DeWalt says it 's out of warranty . So if your saw fails be ready to throw it out and buy an new one .
 I bought this saw less than a year ago . With less than ten hours on it , the motor burned out . Dewalt told me to take it to a service center which I did . They replaced the motor , but after getting it back I have problems with the saw stopping in mid cut ! To make matters worse , I t will not hold a # 2 blade in the bottom blade holder . I use Olson blades , and after ruining a dozen , I called Dewalt again , and once again they told me to take it back for repairs . Since the closest repair facility is 50 miles from where live , this is an uneeded time and expense to me . To make matters worse , the service person I talked to told that was '' A fragile machine '' ! I have been scrolling for 15 years , I bought this to replace a Delta 16 inch that finally died . Funny how I never once had to take it in for repairs in all thse years !!!!!
 Length :
 Sometime in the recent past , DeWalt moved the manufacturing for this saw from Canada to Asia . I recently ordered the saw for my father , and the one he got -LRB- and TWO replacements -RRB- all had problems due to poor quality control or manufacturing or both . I am a woodworker and own and have used many quality DeWalt tools over the years , so I was surprised at these problems.There are two bolts which hold the table in place , and on ALL THREE SAWS the bolt holes were apparently drilled off-center and mis-aligned , causing the blade to hit the side of the table slot -LRB- on the same side all 3 times -RRB- . We spoke to the scroll saw manager at DeWalt and he was very aware of the problem but did n't offer to do anything to fix it other than return our money . -LRB- He even admitted to have several saws in his office that had been returned from customers with this problem . -RRB- He said he had `` reported the issue to management '' multiple times but nothing had been done for several months . Apparently this affects a large portion of the new saws coming from the new manufacturing facility in Asia . Buyer BEWARE.I am not totally surprised at the fact that DeWalt is having the manufacturing problem . I * am * surprised that they are doing little or nothing to fix it . At the very least I suggested that they put a quality check in place at the factory to check for this problem before they shipped out the saw and reject the ones with the problem . They have NOT done this , but instead tell their support people to ask the customer to `` drill out the holes to allow the bolts to move over '' . Not on a brand new $ 500 saw thank you ! We even asked the product manager if he could have someone in his distribution center open a box to check a saw for us and ship us a known good one ; but he declined saying `` he did n't have anyone who could do that '' . DeWalt is a better company than this and they should n't be allowing this kind of poor quality.UPDATE
 After purchasing this saw , I read a review written recently by Jay . I had the same problem with the table screw holes not tapped in the correct location causing the blade to hit the table -LRB- only off by about 1/8th '' -RRB- . I called Dewalt and the service rep. told me that he was n't aware of any problems with this saw . After speaking with the rep , he told me that I could file the holes that support the table . I asked if this would void the warranty and he said no . I filed the arm screw holes , however I am not happy with Dewalt . The saw seems to run good , but I just ca n't recommend it to anyone until Dewalt does something to resolve this issue . The only way I would buy it is from a local store so it can be checked out . Sorry for the lengthy review . . GOOD LUCK !
 I have two of these saws in the junior high where I teach . Both had endless electrical problems . The saws only had light use before they began to break down .
 I have wanted this scroll saw for ages . I was given one for Christmas . It has been in the shop 5 times since Jan. . Here is the many things that have gone wrong . The upper blade stroke and the lowerstroke do n't match up so the piece you are working on has to be turned over to complete the cut to get the waste area out . The table holes do n't match the screws that attach the table . The speed control can suddenly start off fast then slow to the speed it is suppose to be at . You ca n't turn a proper tight corner it will be perfect on top and rounded out on the bottom . The blade holder underneath will not hold the blade it releases the blade even when the you are not cutting anything and it 's just running . I had hoped this would be my dream saw . I paid over 500.00 for this saw . I have lost over 800 just in the last 2 months because I could n't complete orders because it was in the shop . I am currently banging my head against the wall because parts for it are on back order to fix the blade holders . The only good thing about this saw is the repair shop is very nice and polite to work with .
 Well I read a lot of reviews about this saw since it is a substantial purchase for me . I agonized over spending this kind of money . Things have been a bit lean lately.I read the negative comments about poor quality control but sort of poo pooed them . After all , as a general contractor , I own a lot of dewalt tools and am very happy with most of them , I figured I 'd not have any problems surely those other guys had done something wrong.Long story short
 This saw has a great design , nice big table , quiet running , extra easy blade change . I use this saw about 5 hours a week . Gone through two motors in two years . Too expensive to be a throw away saw ...
 We 've been using these saws in our middle school wood shop for the last five years . In that amount of time , I 've lost track of how many times I 've had these in for repairs . It 's more of a hobby saw that can not stand up to serious use . In addition , one saw that we purchased , stopped working a week after we took it out of the box .
 I was so excited to receive my new Dewalt Scroll Saw , however since I recieved it back in November of 2010 I have had nothing but problems with it . It would just stop working for no reason , I took it to the approved warranty shop which is 30 miles + away to have them call me and tell me that nothing was wrong with it , well I brought it home and proceeded to use it and it stopped working again , I was so mad that I hit it with my fist on the work table and it started up and ran so I continued on with my project and numerous times it would quit and numerous times I would hit it with my fist and it would turn back on . I took it back to the shop and they could not even get it to turn on , they replaced several parts on it and it is working again , however the tension lever does nothing my blade is not taught like it should be . I am so frustrated and would Dewalt to send me a new one . I am going to write to them next .
 I 'm sure this -LRB- DW788 type 2 -RRB- is a wonderful saw . It looks very nice on its stand , with NO BLADE in it . Apparently DeWalt let my saw out of their manufacturing facility without the thumb screws needed to mount the blade . It is a totally worthless piece of junk without the ability to mount a blade.So , I call DeWalt and they tell me that they have the parts I need , but it will take 7 - 10 days for them to get them to me . I asked if they could Fedx the parts since I need the saw to cut a piece of wood now . The woman on the phone told me that they do n't do that.I told her that although I have several DeWalt products in my workshop that this one would be the last I ever purchased . She did n't seem that concerned . I really hate to see companies when they start to go down . AOL did it , Blockbuster was next , and now DeWalt . They seem to forget that they ca n't sell products if they do n't have customers .
 I used to demo these seven years ago and was really excited about getting my own . They were very close to Excalibur then and were more than half the going price . After taking it out of the box I noticed the extremely poor job of milling on the table top . I was going to deal with it latter but after setting it up the variable speed control was not variable at all . No matter what I did it would not change speed -LRB- it looked to be stuck at at the low setting -RRB- and it is going back . On closer inspection the seam of the casing also seemed to be off and I could see clear gaps -LRB- 1/32 to 1/16 -RRB- . The box was not dented and was in perfect shape so I do n't believe it was done while shipping . If the next one is milled in the same manner I am going to go with an Excalibur , I have seen Dremel and Craftsman with better milling and finishing at half the price . Very disappointed and would never buy over the internet or without examining it at the store first , including turning it on and playing with the variable speed dial . .
 If you like to saw out a few items in the garage then this will work for you , but do n't expect it to perform day after day in awoodshop . First be careful of the blade holder . It is made of caste iron and if tightened too much will break . A replacement takes weeks to get . The blade tension lever will wear out which requires you to tape the lever into position . We have also `` burnt out '' two motors in a eight month period.Having said all that it realy is a good machine for the hobby person . The blade is easy to change , the table easy to adjust , and the variable speed is handy . Further , Dewalt has been very helpful in their customer service . We have also tried the comparable Delta saw , and find the Dewalt easyer to operate.In its price range , I would say it is the best available .
 If you are a hobbyist , and you do n't have plans to ever cut anything thicker than 1/4 inch , then you do n't need this saw anyway . If you want to do quality work , you do n't need this saw . If you want to pay a high price for extremely bad quality control , then this is the saw for you.Older models of this saw are n't so bad , older as in over 6 + years old . I purchased mine about 4 years ago , and the arms are n't even the same length . You ca n't get the blade square to the table . The top arm is literally longer than the bottom arm . How do you possibly miss something like that during manufacturing ? Complaints from others includes a non-flat cutting table , too much distance between the arms making blade insertion difficult , or in some some cases , preventing it all together.The original design of this saw was excellent . Too bad that Dewalt ca n't figure out how to successfully manufacture it.If you think your saw is okay , you might want to tension up a blade and check it for square , side to side and front to back . You might be surprised at what you find .
 Saw arrived with a large scratch on the black base . Returning back , but planning to place another order . Will keep posting feedback .
 DEWALT DW788 1.3 Amp 20-Inch Variable-Speed Scroll SawI RECIEVED THE BOX UNDAMAGED DELIVERED BY ups WHEN I OPENED IT I NOTICED IT HAD A BROKEN HANDEL AND THE UNIT HAD TWO BIG SRATCHES , I IMMEDIATLY CONTACTED AMAZON AND REQUESTED A SHIP BACK INSTRUCTIONS IT WAS EASY . WHEN I TOOK IT TO UPS THEY CHARGED ME 11.00 FOR REPACKAGING PER YOUR INSTRUCTIONS , IN MY ORIGINAL RETURN REQUEST I ASKED YOU TO SHIP ME A NEW ONE.THEN I RECIEVED AN E MAIL FROM YOU THAT YOU ARE REFUNDING BECAUSE YOU ARE NOT ABEL TO LOCATE MY ORDER INSTRUCTING ME TO REORDE . WHEN I DID GO BACK TO REORDER YOU HAVE CHANDGED THE PRICE FOR THE SAME ITEM NOW 29.00 MORE EXPENSIVE , WHAT KIND OF A GAME IS THIS WHEN I ORDERED IT SAID NEW MERCHANDISE , WHEN I GOT IT IT WAS OBVIOUSLY RFURBISHED MERCHANDISE , AND YOU THEN RAISED THE PRICE , THIS WAS A BAD EXPERIANCE , I DO N'T THINK YOU ARE UP FRONT CO. . THANK YOU SHAEN
 My Dewalt DW788 arrived from Amazon , and would not work whatsoever . Advise steering clear of this brand , and buy locallywhere customer relations are more important .
 I use 2 of these at a middle school woodshop . We have had nothing but problems with them . Now before you think it is because of the hours of use , let me explain . When they are running , they are only on for two hours 4 days a week . Within the first 2 weeks , they both died . The repair shop took their time -LRB- 3 months -RRB- to fix and then they broke again a month later . Back to the shop and 4 more months ! Both circuit boards went out and the linkage get very sloppy . I just had another circuit board go out this week . I wish I could replace these , any ideas ?
 It had it for 5 weeks before it just quit completely . I brought to the local Dewalt repair center per Dewalts service center recommendation . After waiting 2 weeks for it to be repaired , I called them and they said they had to send it off to the factory and it would be another week . After another week they said it would be another week so I called Dewalt to ask how long it should take and they said it was between me and the service center . I asked if they would call and find out what was going on and they said no . I asked what a resonable time frame for repair was and they said 2 to 3 weeks but it was up to the service center if they would issue a new one to me . I got the number to the factory and they said another week . I notice on the box it says made in Tawian and not Canada , so I am guessing even if I do n't get it for another few weeks I mightg as well wait since they will all have problems because of low production quality in Tawian . Every tool I have ever bought from them in the last two years except my router has quit working , I think I will quit buying thier products.My problem has been resolved by Dewalt they are sending me a new unit .
 This saw did not operate out of the box . I took it into a Dewalt repair shop and they first replaced the speed control , which did not correct the problem . Then they replaced the printed circuit board and I had a working saw . Working for about one hour of use that is . The saw again does not have any speed control . You turn the saw `` on '' and whatever speed is present is what you get . Not looking forward to making continuous trips into Denver trying to get my monies worth out of this thing . Highly disatisfied . I thought DeWalt was above Black and Decker quality . I was wrong .
 Had to retire my Skil worm drive after 11 years of faithfullservice . Liked the interesting design and the fact that it waslighter than old faithful but after about a month it was clear this was not a professional quality tool . Problems with the guard , and gears and a table that would n't stay locked . Almost impossible to find parts for this tool , rather heartbreaking when I had a box full of Skil parts right in the van . After the switch went out I gave up - returned it - and got a shiny new Skil HD77M , with the magnesium table . Just as light as the Black & Decker/Dewalt and not a single hiccup since I unwrapped it from the box . Wish every tool was built that tough .
 i bought this saw because dewalt rep. came by the job site and showed it to my crew . i liked the facted that it was light it had built on skyhook it beveled up to 50 deg.i liked that it had more power than the skil.it felt different than the skil but i got used to it.my first week using it i found out that with rip fence that cost more than the skil rip fence , you could not use it while you were in bevel more than 18 deg . the knob for rip fence was to big and bulky and was on left side of table . skil is on the right side of table and you can max 45 deg bevel with fence . the saw was so powerful the gears could not take it and failed under warranty so i had it fixed and it failed again rather than keep making trips back to get it repaired i dumped it in trash i bought it for second saw so i still had my model 77 skil and bought a mag for second saw i do own a lot of dewalt tools but i will not buy the dw 378g again if they fixed the problems with it they will have to give me one before i would use it again
 I am professinal contractor , I own so many saws , mostly Makitas . Before I want to buy new circular saw , I check Consumer Report and all customer reviews from Amazons . I decide to buy Dewalt , because come with case and its heavy duty with good price . My other 2 choice is BOSCH which you have to buy extension cord seperad and you ca n't find it anywhere . Another one is Milwaukee wormdrive saw which I have to pay $ 50 for a none professinal steel case.Total will be over $ 300 . Anyway , When I open my new DEWALT saw , I find out , First its made in Mexico . Second , the case is very bad design , there 's a 1 inch screw under the saw , thought the saw already have a lot scartch . Third , the saw is not bevel exactly on Zero , and you ca n't setup.Because you need special tool to do that.I had to return the saw , That 's why I advise all Managers from Dewalt do n't just drink coffee in your office , or you loose power buyer like me and all my professional contractor 's friends .
 first of this thing is all Plastic !!! second thing is balnce is weird and hard to get used to but the saw hook is a plus the main reason i rated this saw bad was it got droped off a plank that was no higher than five feet and craked in two and it wasnt even a week old so i geuss i will stay with a mag for now one star for the hook
 Nice Saw and I 've owned it for three years . Not a lot of use and it always performed well . I loaned it to a fellow I know well to build a dog house . When I get it back it acts like I need new brushes . Take it into service center and they say the armature has a burned spot . I do n't think the guy that borrowed it abused it . Anyway DeWalt says $ 86 to repair it , still have to add tax to that.I can get another recon for $ 109 -LRB- free shipping and no tax -RRB- and that comes with a new saw warranty . Keep in mind also this saw has a current recall for safety problems . Maybe the Makita or Skill Mag would be a better choice . The Makta is the same price in a recon so maybe I 'll give that a try . Since the Delta/Porter Cable accqusition more and more stuff is coming from China . I just do n't think DeWalt is the same quality it used to be .
 Do n't buy the DeWalt 71/4 '' . I bought my first new skill saw in 10 years . Previously I have had great luck with Makita Tools . In an emergency , I picked up the DeWalt and took it to work . At first I loved it . Comfortable , light and accurate . But within a few hours of cutting 2x lumber , it soon went out of true . Then the shoe started to warp . I have not been able to get an accurate cut since . I am returning it and going to stick with my Makitas . I have six Makitas . Three 71/4 '' , one 81/4 '' , and a 10 '' chop saw , and a new 10 '' compound slide miter which I love ! I highly recommend all Makita tools . Also a guy on my crew has a Porter Cable 71/4 '' saw that has held up well and the shoe has a life time guarantee .
 I have been using this model saw for roughly 20 years and have been a fan of Dewalt tools for about the same length of time . As a finish carpenter it had a lot of features that I liked and has proven rather durable . It seemed that I had finally given the current one enough abuse so I picked up a new one . I needed it for doing precision work on a cabinet project . Although the manual stated that all of the adjustments had been set at the factory , upon removing it from the box I double checked because of the accuracey I need . First the bevel angle would not zero by more than a degree , and then I discovered the sole plate was warped and while one rail was parallel to the blade the other was not . This makes the saw completely useless for my needs and to a certain extent if the blade ca n't be made parellel to a cutting guide this could cause dangerous binding . First Black and Decker bought Porter Cable and has made it a mediocre product and I fear they are taking the good name of Dewalt there too . Perhaps this was just a lone bad one , but just comparing the quality of the sole plate with the one on my current saw , which I replaced a few years ago , I see a difference there .
 What a piece of crap . Do n't waste your money on this product . I purchased this product and it had to be sent twice to me due to lack of hardware however , all-in-all , I should have sent the product back for a full refund . If you want a stand for your Dewalt 788 Scroll Saw my suggestion is to make your own table as I did to mount your saw on . It gives you much better support and room to work . Granted , I am not a professional woodworker but I do know a useless piece of crap when I see it and this would rank a top spot on my list . Do n't waste your hard earned money on this product .
 This really is n't about the stand , since having received 2 shipments thus far , I have n't gotten a usable one . Just wanted to add my -LRB- disappointed -RRB- voice to the others who have gotten damaged boxes and missing parts.These stands were part of the discount bundle Amazon has with the DEWALT 788 Scroll Saw . In both cases , the boxes I received were beat up badly and retaped . The first box was virtually empty , all that remained was one leg and a cross brace.The one that arrived today had a crisp 5x5 inch square hole cut in it through which someone had reached in and removed the bag of fasteners . The hole had been taped over with transparent tape , so it was obvious that the box had been tampered with . My experience has certainly made me a believer in the theory that Amazon is recycling returns . You can draw your own conclusions as to how much quality control is going on there . Hope you have better luck with the stand than I did .
 In my initial review , I rated this product one star because it arrived as an incomplete package -- two legs and all the hardware were missing . I ordered a replacement from Amazon and it arrived after about 4 days . Out of the box , I noticed that all the finished parts were enclosed in a plastic sleave , which was n't the case with the first shipment , so what I received was probably a canabalized return.The stand was fairly easy to assemble , but , like another reviewer , I was perplexed that there were so many pieces . Every bolt has a nut , washer , and lock washer , and there 's a lot of bolts . Deft fingers , a half-inch socket , and patience are needed to complete the assembly.But , when done , the stand is sturdy . One confusing point - there 's an adjustable -LRB- vertically -RRB- foot for the rear leg that tilts the saw downward back to front . I may take it off - anyone have any idea why it 's there?When placing the DW788 saw -LRB- which arrived broken , see my separate review of that -RRB- onto the stand , I was surprised that the saw base has little surface area contact with the stand , and that the mounting bolts go upwards from the stand top into the saw base such that the nuts and washers are visible -LRB- and snag-able -RRB- . Not a big deal , just surprising given that the saw and stand are made for each other and all other stand nuts/bolts fasten with the nuts/washers being hidden.I 'm going to upgrade the stand rating from one star to three because it seems okay at this point . I 'd like to see how the nuts and bolts withstand use ; some engineering could remove the assembly complexity , in my opinion . Too bad Amazon wo n't let me change the star rating ...
 Unfortunately , the three holes provided in the stand do not match up with the intended bolt holes in the saw base . With the front two bolts inserted through the base and stand , the rear bolt slides off the opening in the rear of the base to a 45 degree angle , and does not give a firm grip , even after adding large washers . This is very sloppy manufacturing . The stand itself is not solid at all . Save your money and make a stand of your own and it will be better than this poorly designed and made piece of junk .
 I have never understood how any manufacturer who creates products for buyer assembly have never ever tried to assemble their own products ! I 'd love to give the CEO , Board of Directors and their Design Teams their own individual Scroll Stand Saws to assemble ! I am certain that the product would be redesigned within hours and it would then be a snap -LRB- hint , hint -RRB- to quickly assemble and then bolt together !
 I had written a negative review because a piece was missing . It took a while to work through the process , but finally went directly to Dewalt and they sent the part very quickly .
 While the packaging for this stand was good , everything wrapped in plastic sleeves , the item would not assemble properly . In particular , the two horizontal braces that fit between the two front legs do not align with the bolt holes on the legs . It was so far off , I could n't even force it . It was almost as if the parts came from two different stands ! Made in China ...
 DEWALT DW7880 Scroll Saw StandI like apparently several other people have received a damaged stand box with missing parts . My box is missing the rear adjustable leg , the bolts and the instructions show a rear leg plate that I assume the saw is suppose to attach to.I cant understand why Amazon would squander their limited profit on this purchase -LRB- I received the stand free and free two day shipping -RRB- for a lack of quality control .
 I bought this thinking yes it is expensive but appears built to last . I also thought for the money it should suck the paint right off the wall when I start it up . To my surprise I found out it can not suck up a lousy screw on the floor . It is very quiet and filter is great . It is a VERY large unit . All I know is my craftsman would out suck this machine . I am planning on sending this unit back unless Dewalt tells me there is something wrong with it ?? In the long run I think you are better off going to Lowes or Depot and getting a $ unit .
 I have had this saw for a couple of years and used it only a few dozen times on plywood and press board . While cutting a countertop -LRB- easy cut -RRB- the armature started throwing sparks . I was quite disappointed after spending this much for a heavy duty saw and only getting a few uses out of it . The new armature is over $ 60 . I have saw other reviews on their saws with the same story , sounds like a manufacturing problem that should be addressed .
 Overall , this is an `` ok '' light that I will probably replace with something else - I should have read the reviews a little more carefully prior to ordering this . The light 's arm is not strong enough to hold the light in the `` up and over '' position I want it to be in - you are basically stuck with it being just a couple of inches away from your work . That was probably what the designers had in mind as the can is only rated for a 25 watt bulb that is a pain in the neck to screw in -LRB- why does it have to be so tight fitting ? -RRB- ; I like a lot of light around my projects , and even with every light in my shop on plus this little scroll saw light it is barely adequate.I would save your money and buy a separate light that cranks out the power - you want to be able to see your work without the distraction of the light can being so close to your project .
 Easily attached and a useful addition . Unfortunately , the light bulb was defective and I was unable to get a replacement or a refund for the bulb I had to purchase . I could , of course , return the entire device , but why for just a single $ 5.00 light bulb ?
 I 'm dumbfounded that after all of these years , DeWalt still has n't corrected the ongoing problem with the flexible neck being too wimpy to hold up the light for very long . I thought , jeez the most recent review looks to be 2011 , there should be an improvement by now ... lol , nope . I finally removed the thing , got one of those magnetic base work lights with a stiffer goose neck , stuck it to the DeWalt metal stand , problem solved for now . I may try mounting the Dewalt light directly to the stand by drilling two holes , bolt it down and orient the goose neck vertical instead of horizontal ... it might possilbly bear the weight of the lamp better and not sag .
 I wish I did n't buy it the light does n't stay in place.When you turn on the scroll saw the light move down next to the blade.DEWALT DW7881 Scroll Saw Work Light
 I found this light to be nearly worthless , it does n't stay where you put it and keeps falling down so that within one week of having it and constantly adjusting it one of the mounting screws stripped out of the Dewalt saw .
 I own multiple DeWalt products -LRB- Drills , Table Saws , etc. -RRB- and have had great experiences with them all ... that is until I purchased this light during a recent purchase of their Scroll Saw . Love the saw , hate the lamp . The lamp is not very flexible and tends to drop towards your work in progress due to the tables vibration . Further , unless you are working in pitch black , the provided light bulb does n't provide ample work light , that is if you can screw it in . The space allotted to screw in the light bulb is so tight , it is almost impossible to change . What a let down . I would offer that is it a pretty effective back scratcher ...
 The saw is great the light is not . The light does not stay adjusted as the saw is used . It is virtually impossible to replace the bulb . If you can get the bulb out , finding a replacement is difficult . Do n't bother to order the light !
 The saw is great , the light needs a little work . Unlike what the picture implies , the light fastens at the very back of the saw . The light extends out straight to the front of the saw . Given how far out it has to stretch and with the weight of the light fixture attached , it should be stiffer . After running the saw for a while , the light actually starts to droop down . You have to keep pushing it up . The size of the light head is nice as you can get close to your work without the fixture obstructing your view . The downside of the fixture size is that the bulb is difficult to screw in . There 's no room to get your fingers around the bulb . I finally taped a piece of masking tape to the front lens so I could screw it in . I 'm not looking forward to replacing the bulb , I do n't know how I would loosen it . The unit is made in China but is well constructed . Nothing sloppy about it . Bolts on the saw perfectly using the two rearmost bolts that are already on the saw . The hex key they provide could be a little better fit but it did work . All in all the concept is a good one . It 's a nice accessory to have , makes cutting a lot easier . I hope Dewalt will re-engineer it and bring it up to the standard of their scroll saw .
 The saw is great , the light needs a little work . Unlike what the picture implies , the light fastens at the very back of the saw . The light extends out straight to the front of the saw . Given how far out it has to stretch and with the weight of the light fixture attached , it should be stiffer . After running the saw for a while , the light actually starts to droop down . You have to keep pushing it up . The size of the light head is nice as you can get close to your work without the fixture obstructing your view . The downside of the fixture size is that the bulb is difficult to screw in . There 's no room to get your fingers around the bulb . I finally taped a piece of masking tape to the front lens so I could screw it in . I 'm not looking forward to replacing the bulb , I do n't know how I would loosen it . The unit is made in China but is well constructed . Nothing sloppy about it . Bolts on the saw perfectly using the two rearmost bolts that are already on the saw . The hex key they provide could be a little better fit but it did work . All in all the concept is a good one . It 's a nice accessory to have , makes cutting a lot easier . I hope Dewalt will re-engineer it and bring it up to the standard of their scroll saw .
 This light leaves a lot to be desired . The neck needs to be stiffer so it does n't droop and the power needs to be increased for a stronger bulb . The amount of light provided by this lamp is weak .
 This DeWalt light came with a scroll saw/light/stand package deal at another website . The light looks great and mounts quickly , but that is where the excitement ends . The gooseneck is far too weak to support its own heavy head weight given the mounting location on the saw , and how horizontal the light needs to be to reach the work area.We ended up supporting the light halfway down the gooseneck by using two zip ties to secure the gooseneck to the upper saw arm . We used a piece of foam between the gooseneck and the saw arm to prevent vibration and paint damage . Taking this weight off helped , but is tacky looking . Considered mounting it to the saw stand for a more vertical mount , but then it would be in the way of large work pieces.The on/off switch has a nice snap and weight to it , so it feels like it will last . We are using this saw/light in a room with poor lighting . The bulb is plenty bright . The head/bulb gets pretty hot . In the right position to prevent shadows , your forehead is pretty darn close to the light , but its fine.If you bought your DeWalt scroll saw without a light , and you 're looking for a light now , look elsewhere until DeWalt finds a better Chinese supplier . The current light is not up to snuff for this application.UPDATE
 The light would not stay in place as it is not strong enough to stay in a fixed position . I had to use string to hold it upright so that the light would show on the work . Very poor design and would not recommend anybody purchase it .
 Typical of Dewalt accessories , this item is grossly over-priced . It is made of thin metal and I never got a sense of precision when I installed this on my Dewalt 12 '' compound miter saw .
 With a little redesign work these could have be made to be used on 6 '' crown . To bad Dewalt ca n't do a little re-engineering . I take them off and just use the wing nut to do 6 '' crown . With a little adjusting you can get it rignt on the nose .
 The web site that Amazon.com has , says that the Dewalt DW7054 and the DW705 are compatible . They are not !! I 've contacted Dewalt Customer Services , spoke to three people with little or no help . They were going to check into it and get back to me , but they never did . I called back and spoke to a Supervisor , with no response as well . He was going to get back to me within 48 hours -- that was almost 2 weeks ago . Yes , I did buy the Crown Stop that everyone says will work , but it does n't . Very disappointed with Dewalt Customer Services .
 Just received my DW3178 blade from Amazon and see it is now made in China . Looked carefully on the Amazon site and could n't find where it is made . For me there are too many other choices to buy a chinese blade , no matter how it cuts . Also wish Amazon more clearly showed country of origin .
 I chose this sander based upon a review in Consumer Reports which ranked it # 2 -LRB- behind a Craftsman sander -RRB- . The dust bag is not worth using . I could never keep it attached . The vibration from the sander would constantly cause it to fall off . I bought an adapter for my shop vac which mostly fixed the dust extraction issues . Another problem is that the sander bogs down significantly when performing heavy sanding duties . DeWalt 's quality seems to be constantly falling . I wish I had bought the Craftsman sander instead .
 Since my last review , the sander has ceased to function . Either the main on/off switch or the motor has failed . I am hoping to find an authorized service center that can repair the thing . In the meantime , I 'm shopping for another sander .
 On/Off switch clumsy to use . After two years and very light work -LRB- maybe 5 hours of on-time -RRB- , the electronic speed control broke -- zero power to the unit . Replacement cost is about $ 45 from parts place . Otherwise , sanding is swirl-less .
 I purchased the Dewalt because their tools are historically of good quality . This sander does not seem to take too much off even if you use 80 grit paper -LRB- my little mouse sander does better job -RRB- and as for other features , I agree with the others that the dust port keeps falling off and the switch is suspect . But my variable speed option still works though . After using it on a project for about 20 hours , the bearings went and I had to get it fixed . Once this sander quits on me , I think I 'll opt for the Porter Cable .
 I bought this sander after doing much research . It worked great on one and a half projects , a front door and part of my kitchen table . Part way through the kitchen table it flat out quit . I took it to a Dewalt S/C and they tell me that the Variable Speed switch is an obsolete part . They did n't even bother to put it together . I think I 'll go back to Porter Cable .
 This tool 's switch went out too soon for an $ 80 sander . Other dewalt tools have broke prematurely for my satisfaction.I was persuaded into switching all new purchases to dewalt after much high pressure sales garb ... I will be going back to tried and true PC and Makita .
 I PURCHASED THIS SANDER 1/3/03 AS AN ADDITION TO MY MAKITA 'S . THOUGHT THE VARIABLE SPEED AND THE PAD BRAKE WOULD BE A BONUS OVER MY OLD MAKITA 'S . WHILE USING IT THIS PAST WEEKEND , I STARTED TO SMELL THAT BURNT MOTOR SMELL , THE DUST BAG WOULD FALL OFF AFTER JUST A FEW SECONDS-FINALLY ENDED UP JUST LAYING ON THE FLOOR-THEN THE PAD FLEW OFF ACROSS THE SHOP AND HIT THE WALL . DUG MY OLD MAKITA OUT AND FINISHED THE JOB . ALL THIS HAPPENED IN ABOUT A 3 MONTH TIME SPAN AND ONLY 21/2 PROJECTS . WHAT A PIECE OF JUNK !!! NO , IT WAS NEVER DROPPED AND I AM VERY EASY ON MY TOOLS . ALL I CAN SAY IS THAT I 'M GOING BACK TO MAKITA AND WILL STAY WITH THEM .
 This sander is well below Dewalt 's typical standards . The design is fairly good , but durability is severly lacking . It has already bit the dust -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- with very little use over a few months . Very , very disappointing . I 'm going back to Porter Cable .
 I own several Dewalt tools , and am overall happy with the quality - however , this sander has two notable defects
 I was very unhappy with the power switch on this product . Look closely at the Porter Cable 333VS and PC 333PK before you make this purchase .
 What it does is very simple . It hooks up to the longest plunge stop screw on DW621 . As you turn the knob , it rotates the screw . As the screw is inserting or releasing from the base , the router body is raised or lowered . The problem is1 -RRB- Range of height adjust is only 1 + inch .2 -RRB- If you raise to the end , the screw will jam and if you lower to the other end , the screw will come off from the base .3 -RRB- There are three screw joints along the line of connection . Thus , often you end up unscrewing the knob instead of lowering the bit .4 -RRB- The knob is too close to the dust collection port making it hard to turn .5 -RRB- In order to raise 1 inch , you got to turn the knob 30 times with your two fingers.They could have provided 1 -RRB- a hookup for the stop screw and the existing fine adjuster . 2 -RRB- An extension handle for the existing fine adjuster hex hole . Then , they would do a better job than this adjuster .
 I 've read the instructions ten times , and I still ca n't figure out how to install this contraption . The rack and pinion depth adjuster on the 621 is fast and accurate . Save your money .
 Just failed an inspection by the fire chief because these detectors do not make a voice announcement explaining the source of the alarm . Quoting from the Massachusetts requirements for combination detectors : `` Acceptable combination smoke detectors and carbon monoxide alarms must have simulated voice and tone alarms that clearly distinguish between the two types of emergencies . `` 3 vs 4 beeps is not considered a clear distinction.Do not get these detectors if you need to be up to code . On top of all this hassle , my return window expired and I sank $ 150 into 4 of these detectors that I can now throw away . The model that complies with Mass code is SC7010BV .
 This unit worked reliably for a year , then started to go off , on it 's own , in the middle of the night . Consistently , in the middle of the night . After a couple of weeks of troubleshooting , and waking up my two toddlers , I 'm replacing with a different brand . All the other units in the house still work reliably , and have detected even trace amounts of smoke . Maybe I just got a bad one ?
 I own a small townhome that my wife and I use for a vacation home which is about 20 years old . Three years ago I replaced the three smoke alarms in the unit with First Alert SC9120B smoke and CO detectors , thinking this was an upgrade . I was impressed with the design and the ease of replacing the battery , which I did every 12 months , and never had an issue with them until this fall when I received a phone call from my neighbor telling me he could hear my smoke alarms going off . I leave a key with him and asked if he would investigate the alarm , which he did . The FD found no CO so he replaced the batteries in the alarm units and that worked for about 4 hours , then the alarms started sounding again . He went and purchased additional 9 volt batteries and changed them one more time with the same results so he had to completely disconnect the units to keep them from sounding . I am now searching for something to replace them with but reading all the reviews it looks like it will be a challenge .
 After this detector was in my house for 3 years it started going off for no reason , at all times of the day and night . I had the fire department at my house twice for false CO alarms . My electrician had to replace this combo version AND all the regular smoke detectors of the same brand , as they were sounding for no reason as well . He also had to replace them TWICE in another customer 's house . He is in the process of getting reimbursed from his supplier , who will hopefully make the company aware of this incredibly faulty product .
 This was easy to install but we had a smokey house a few times and nothing was going off , hit the test button and it shows its working fine . I do not trust this for my safety !
 If I were trying to design the worst smoke alarm that I could possibly think of , I would make one that goes off at 3:38 am with an annoyingly loud voice that says `` EMERGENCY ! EVACUATE ! EVACUATE ! '' . Eventually , the homeowner would disconnect the stupid thing . Then he could have a smoke alarm that seemed to protect his family , but is actually just an empty ugly disk on the ceiling . If I were really good , I could design it so that its batteries would always run low at 3:38 am also , causing an annoying voice announcement and a set of beeps to go off every 30 seconds . But if I were a REAL genius , I would make sure that every new building permit required that these annoying , unreliable , and potentially unsafe devices be installed inside every bedroom and in every hallway . But I would have to be a government employee to be that clever . Instead , maybe I should just design a toilet that requires multiple flushes to save water .
 When our home was built 4 years ago , it was constructed with several SC9120B Combination Smoke Detectors and Carbon Monoxide detectors . Since then , I 've had nothing but trouble with them . I 've gotten many , many false positive Carbon Monoxide alerts . No need to call out the fire department . My house is all electric ! So unless a little carbon monoxide is getting in from the garage -LRB- during the few seconds where we are pulling in and the car is running -RRB- , these detectors were crying wolf waaaay too often!BRK Brands already replaced 6 of my combination detectors from the factory under warranty -LRB- kudos to BRK and the reason for 2 stars -RRB- . But I 'm tired of dealing with this problem . So when I had a couple more detectors start barking again , I decided to replace them with smoke only detectors.The replacement 9120B SMOKE ONLY detectors are working fine so far . No more carbon monoxide false alarms because they ca n't even detect it if it were even present ! The cool thing is that they still match the wiring harness of the SC9120B , so all I had to do was plug in the existing harness and pop it into the already mounted bracket!If you do decide to go with these , follow the directions for keeping them free of dust -LRB- you must vacuum around them once per month -RRB- . The BRK folks tell me that 's the reason for the false alarms . But seriously , only the most `` dedicated '' house cleaners out there would ever do this!Anyway , use at your own risk !
 Avoid BRK / First Alert products.I 'm tried several different models of BRK / First Alert detectors . All of them chirp sporadically , when you least expect it . I have about eight detectors in my house , most of them new , some used . Both of the new ones and some of the used ones chirp . I boiled water the other night , and two of them went off , twice , waking up my infant child both times . I now have three of them going off in the middle of the night randomly.This company should be sued for selling brand new junk . I 've cleaned them out , blown them out , fresh batteries , etc. .
 I purchased this CO/Fire detector in Feb &#8211; it failed in Nov &#8211; about 9 months after purchase . I contacted the company to address my concern &#8211; they made no attempt to reply.This is the second time I &#8217; ve had to replace this CO detector in less 3 years . The first one failed at about 1 year and 9 months -LRB- reasonable I guess -RRB- . The problem is I &#8217; m committed to this product because I &#8217; ve spent the time to wire my home and the $ to fit the loop with 8 detectors -LRB- 5 fire and 2 additional CO/Fire -RRB- . I &#8217; ve had no problem with the Fire detectors , just the CO. . I &#8217; m not certain if it is a shelf-life issue that the company is aware of , or if this is just typical of CO detectors.If I were to start over , I &#8217; d spend more time researching this &#8216; CO detector life &#8217; issue before I committed to a specific brand/manufacturer . It may be common among all CO detectors or unique to First Alert . Although it may be possible to mix and match manufacturer &#8217; s detectors , the First Alert literature warns against &#8211; so once you commit to a system , you &#8217; re stuck.As far as the company goes , to say I &#8217; m disappointed is an understate &#8211; they should at least have the courtesy to respond/reply . I highly encourage you to find another vendor to purchase from .
 I purchased a new smoke/co alarm to replace one that kept false alarming . It scares the heck out of the dog . The new product was installed as per manufactures directions and it still false alarms although not as often . 1-3 times daily . Do n't recommend for anyones use .
 Our house is only three years old . In the past two weeks , one by one a detector is going off alerting `` CO Move to Fresh Air '' . Every time it happens , I have one poor dog who pees on the floor . I have tested batteries , opened windows , etc. . I finally had the furnace guy out . He could not find any trace of CO. . Apparently these things were not meant to last . So far four detectors have done this . I am grateful that all four went off during the day ! That is the only good news about these .
 keeps having to be replaced after every two to three years ... cost lots of money when you have 5 of these in the house to replace at the same time
 My contractors installed these 3yrs ago . I did n't know how cheap these were . 6 months ago i installed a brand new Duracell Battery . It gave me problems initially then worked . Today it kept beeping for low battery . I cleaned it , vacuumed it and installed a new duracell battery . Now it just wo n't work . Then i read some reviews stating the duracell does n't go well with this smoke detector . I installed a new Energizer battery and it worked instantly . It means only One thing . This product is not well designed and there some circuitry issues . Duracell is one the top battery brands -LRB- not a battery issue for sure -RRB- . In a year i will replaced all my smoke detectors and use a different/more reliable brand . and I will make sure all my friends and family members know about this so they do n't make the mistake of buying this piece of crap in the future .
 Disappointed , again , I had a bad past experience with these units in a small apartment building , tenants complaint constantly , I thought it was a fluke until I put three of them in my own home , one week after installation two of them kept beeping 3 beeps at a time all hours day and night , I changed the batteries but that did n't help . I read the instructions that stated when those 3 beeps sound it signifies that unit is defective and need replacement ! That 's two out of three in one week !
 Received three BRK SC9120B replacements after original units -LRB- 4 years old -RRB- started a low battery chirp with new Duracell batteries . Spoke with BRK rep. about problem and they sent three new units with Duracell batteries . The units worked fine for about two weeks before all three started to chirp a low battery signal . In that time our other three BRK smoke only detectors that were installed 4 years ago started the same chirping sound . Again called BRK and they were going to send us three replacements for them . After the nightmare of having six four year old BRK products fail in a matter of three weeks and three brand new replacement units fail in two weeks . I would stay away from BRK ! I have read elsewhere about an issue with BRK and Duracell so I was a bit surprised when the new units arrived with Duracell batteries in them .
 I have a rental property and this year , the city 's new regulation required installation of these detectors . One of the detectors malfunctioned and the terrified tenant called 911 , who proceeded to do over 1000 dollars in property damage.I subsequently found out that even the EPA has admitted that many of the CO detectors they tested were unreliable , and either went off at too low of a level or did not sound at dangerously high levels.According to their website , the best way to keep the building 's inhabitants safe is to have fuel-burning appliances properly installed and maintained by licensed professionals to make sure that the gases -LRB- including CO -RRB- are vented properly.I ended up doing a lot of research related to CO as a result . I have the documentation from the Fire Department indicating the levels that they measured -LRB- WAY BELOW the low threshold on the detector -RRB- even near the detector.I knew that a problem was unlikely since the heat was n't even ON at the time.Nevertheless , they broke into two apartments , destroying irreplaceable historic doors and frames . Even the fire chief told me that if I have a hard-wired smoke detector/CO detector combo , I should get it replaced as they have had false alarms with that type of detector . But as mentioned on the EPA website , and evidenced by many other reviews on Amazon etc , CO detection is apparently in it 's infancy and I 'm surprised that these detectors are even being sold , much less required by law.Unfortunately , according to my lawyer , it 's more trouble than it 's worth to sue the city , so I had to suck up the CONSIDERABLE expenses myself . Not to mention my poor tenant , who was -LRB- unharmed of course -RRB- but anxious.I am so ANGRY , but the only thing I can do apparently is to WARN other people about these alarms . If you have one in your house and there 's a false alarm , that 's one thing . But if a tenant has a false alarm , you are vulnerable in many different ways.The WORST thing about this type of alarm is that if the CO part malfunctions , you 've lost your smoke alarm as well . In addition , since it 's installed high on the ceiling , if it false alarms , you have to get on a ladder to turn the thing off.I would not recommend the first alert smoke/CO alarm to ANYONE .
 If I could give this zero stars , I would . The contractor installed them in my new home . The alarms would sound would every time I used the stove top , even for something like grilled cheese sandwiches . After a few months , they started sounding for no reason at all times of the day and night . After being woken up every night for a week , I disconnected all of the alarms , removed all the batteries because the alarms were still going off , and spent a large chunk of change to outfit my house with all new smoke detectors . Not exactly an expense I was anticipating in a brand-new home .
 To make a long story short , my tract home built in 2008 was equipped with all First Alert Smoke and CO sensors throughout . Last night , mine failed after less than 4 years of use sending out an alarm that carbon monoxide was detected in the home . The fire department responded and reported no excessunive CO readings in the home.I called First Alert for a warranty replacement . However , being that I am not the original homeownner , they would not grant a replacement.Sorry folks , this is BS ... this is not just some unnessesary product ... this is safety , required in each and every new build in this state . And as a safety piece of equipment , the warranty should be carried out regardless of who owns the house ... original or resale.I urge everyone to write the local fire department and their state representatives to have safety companies stand behind their product !!
 My condo unit had this alarm installed when I moved it . It was located at least 25 feet from the kitchen , around a corner and down a hallway , where there is plenty of air circulation . But it was so overly sensitive that it would go off nearly every time I used the cooktop . Never mind that nothing was smoking . It would even go off when I used the oven to bake a cake , for god 's sake ! When it went off while I was gently sauteeing mushrooms , on the back burner with the vent fan already on , I had had enough . In an apartment with no proximity to a furnace or a kerosene heater , I am not concerned about CO. . And if every time I cook I have to open every window in the place and put the vent fan on full blast , I 'll do without . An alarm that goes off all the time is as bad , or worse , than no alarm at all . I pulled it out and removed the battery .
 These BRK smoke alarms have issued alarms twice now , which lasted several hours each and resulted in lost work time . Initially , two of these would beep every minute and nothing I tried would stop it , so I had them replaced , and then these seemed to be OK , but almost every night we would hear a 1 second alarm . Then 2 weeks later , the alarms went off steady and nothing we tried would silence or reset them . We even had the gas company come out to check the gas applicances for CO2 , since 2 of the units also had the CO2 detectors built in , but everything checked out fine , so I just started unplugging the units until the alarms stopped . A few days later , the remaining 3 alarms that I still had connected started another false alarm and eventually stopped . I do n't have time to put up with issues like this , and it can result in not even believing your smoke alarms , when it may be a real fire ! I only purchased these because they were plug compatible with the First Alert , but I will have to rewire the plug and purchase a better quality brand .
 I bought 3 of them from Amazon . The first one failed a month after the return period . The rest all failed within months . They would go off at all hours of the night . I would recommend against buying this particular model .
 Terrible product . Malfunctioned after only 1 year . Woke my entire family up at five in the morning . Got , everyone out into the freezing cold , Bly for the fire dept. to tell me the unit is faulty . I see numerous complaints . Add me to the list .
 This product immediately triggered a false alarm . There was no way to stop this unit from indicating a false smoke alram other than disconnecting it , and pulling the 9V battery from the unit .
 These were installed and wired in &#34; new construction &#34; over two years ago . Since I have been plagued with frequent beeping indicating battery need changing . Changed battery and item continued to beep . I have replace three of the five units in my home . Replacing the item has worked . If this happens once more I will have all smoke/carbon monoxide detectors removed and replaced &#34; with another brand &#34; ...
 First of all , this does not come with a power connector you can plug into your wall . Second , it requires you connect it to a junction box which was not mentioned in the ad . I do not have a junction box and it 's necessary for AC power which means I would have to buy one and figure out how to install that as well . I am not familiar with any of the `` easy to install '' installation instructions and am glad I can just use the battery backup as the main power source . Do not buy this if you do n't know how to connect wires to junction boxes and it also requires a wire stripper which you would also have to buy . For this price and all the wonderful reviews I at least expected to be able to install it without buying more stuff and getting my Electrician father-in-law to help .
 After less then two years , the alarm will go off and indicate `` CO. '' This alarm will continue even when placed outside and no other alarm 's going off .
 While a fire/CO alarm ca n't really be judged for its true worth without a fire or a CO heavy environment , you have to look at other factors . The main two are installation and false alarms . While the installation was easy , the false alarms are ridiculous . Our ground floor alarm is down the hall from the kitchen and any temperature 400F or above on the oven will set the alarm off . We have to aim a fan at it just to cook . I confirmed that there is no way to lower the sensitivity either . So , for something that , in most cases , will sit on a wall , First Alert needed to be a little more concerned with the other 99.99 % of the time.I ca n't recommend these for the false alarms alone . I can understand First Alert wanting that sensitivity -LRB- for customer safety and liability -RRB- , and maybe they have data suggesting that this sensitivity could save more lives . Ca n't really say but they either need smarter technology -LRB- maybe a hour timeout button -RRB- or lower it as the balance between safety and sanity is tilted the wrong way .
 Had 4 of these combo units ... just unplugged the last one and purchased non hard wired co detectors these were just terrible !
 The Alarm is not capable of auto checking or refreshing itself.It will sound until one returns home from work and is able to push the reset button . By then your dog would have jumped out your glass windows and gone crazy tearing up the house in panic and get hit by car or fall to death when out the glass window cutting her or he up.If you have no legs and only one arm via a stroke or etc. ... you must listen to the alarms pounding all over the house until help arrives.The laws are wrong . The only alarms required would be photo electric they sound in presence of smoke and extinguish themselves when smoke clears out . The ionization alarms go off on false alarms and are a terror to those needing help , or young kids that ca n't reach them , and pets , elderly not wanting to go up a ladder etc. ... Massachusetts law requires a dual sensor -LRB- ionization and photo electric sensor -RRB- or photo electric only in a hall way that has a bathroom door in 20 feet of unit or 20 feet from kitchen this type is ionization only and is unlawful , due to high level of false alarms and inaccuracies .
 I have other First Alert hard wired smoke detectors in home . All work fine . I purchased this one with the carbon monoxide detector . First the battery compartment is almost impossible to know if battery is set in correctly . I had to take the whole unit apart . But before taking apart the unit just plain broke after a few months . Unit kept beeping . Changed battery . Changed battery again . Beep . Beep . Beep . Poorly designed . This is now an expensive toss away . Opening the battery compartment is not intuitive . Stay away from this one .
 I have two of these alarms in my house . After two years of working ok , one of them started alarming with the CO chirps . After pulling it from the main voltage source and disconnecting the battery , I re-installed the battery and put it in every room of the house to see if the CO alarm would go off again , and it DID ! Assuming it was defective , I replaced it with another one . A week later , the other one in the house started doing the same thing , a false CO alarm . I was told this one has turned defective as well . I think the company wants everyone to spend at least $ 100 per year on purchasing these poorly designed alarms ... enough !!
 Our state passed a law requiring CO detectors in all sleeping areas . Since my existing wired smoke detectors were nearing the end of their life , I thought I would just replace them all -LRB- 7 units -RRB- with the SC9120B model . For the first year they worked fine . The next year after that I started seeing a unit falsely alarming a CO alarm . Replaced that unit under warranty and found that it only worked when it is n't connected to the other units . 9 months later , a different unit started to alarm on CO , falsely . Since I was n't home at the time , the fire department had to locate the issue . The fire dept made a comment that these type of detectors are notorious for false CO alarms and recommended that I switch back to smoke alarms only and get a stand alone CO detector . The stand alone smoke alarms are good for 10 years whereas the combined smoke/CO detector are only good for 7 years before they will alarm for replacement .
 I bought this because my house use this model , and I do n't want to mess with compatibility issue if I choose others . So I bought this with great expectation from Amazon , at a price -LRB- $ 35.88 , even says original $ 99 -RRB- seems ridiculously high.One would thing the original priced $ 99 smoke and CO detector must be a premium made in USA product , it is not . And mine even worse , does n't work -LRB- DOA -RRB- . That costs me even more headache and time because I even believed something wrong with my wiring of my new house of 2 years . I ended up having local fireman to come to my house to check -LRB- as our smoke and CO alarm is wired to police alarm -RRB- . And their conclusion , a DOA $ 99 detector . I ran to Home Depot and paid the costly price for another one . And it works.Called First Alert , their explanation is the CO part has shelf life . That 's is the chemical for detecting CO leak in the detector is not something that will last forever . If the product on the shelf for too long it will degrade and give beeps -LRB- like it is defective -RRB- upon connection . It is not much to complain but for $ 99 , please have better inventory control .
 I have these first alert pieces of trash installed in my house . These units are a year old and I have replaced all the batteries several times because of chirping . They chirp at almost anything . Not only in the winter when it 's cold but in the summer if you have the A/C on in the house . And I am not talking extreme temperatures here . It 's 70F in my house right now and most of the detectors are chirping because it 's to cold . If you turn the A/C below 72-70 in the summer they start chirping . I had to completely uninstall one because an A/C vent was blowing in it 's direction and it would beep whenever the fan was on . I would suggest buying something better . This product is an absolute disgrace to the smoke detection industry . And if you google you will find TONS of people have the exact same problem . If they can not fix a tiny problem like this how can they protect my home . I do n't trust these at all anymore and will be replacing 6 of them tomorrow . Thanks for nothing but headaches in the middle of the night FIRST ALERT .
 Went to install the unit and to my surprise the instructions included in package are only in Spanish only . The package was printed in english only.I was able to find the English instructions on-line and print them out but even so , at least include the instructions in english . Also , no mounting screws or wire nuts included so I had to come up with them myself . After all the install issues the unit is working good so far .
 I purchased this item as a replacement and installed it according to instructions . It failed after four months . The instruction manual included with the device is in Spanish . I can read Spanish as long as it 's not too technical . Oops ! I got three at the same time , so I 'm going to install another new one , but prospective purchasers should be aware . These devices seem to have problems , and if you 're going to fix them yourself , and do n't read Spanish , you will need to download the online manual .
 I am an electronic tech and this was just too hard to set up properly , I was stunned it took me over an hour to get it to work after it was installed
 The BRK combination smoke and carbon monoxide alarm requires BOTH 110VAC AND 9VDC -LRB- Energizer type battery please -RRB- for proper operation.You can use this alarm without the 110VAC if you like , but be prepared to replace the 9 volt battery every 3 weeks . If you use the device on 110VAC only , it will emit random false `` low battery level '' notices - loud beeps -LRB- in the middle of the night ! -RRB- . BRK -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- denied the device had any issues at all and suggested I `` properly follow the instructions '' -LRB- which I enjoyed reading in the Spanish version included with my superior BRK alarm system -RRB- . The product description -LRB- on Amazon -RRB- says
 I purchased these items , but the seller sent the BRK Carbon Monoxide detector not the combination detector ... I contacted the seller , who stated he would send a return UPS label and have UPS pick up the incorrect items ... However to this date I still am waiting for the labels ... and he did not have the correct items to send in their place ... However he did immediately credit my acct ... I just wish he would send the return label so i could send these items back ...
 24 '' Aluminum Mini-T-Track by Peachtree Woodworking - PW1021Though Peachtree is a fine company this add shows two t-tracks causing me to believe it was a set of two . I ordered what I thought was 2 sets however I only received two t-tracks now I have to order 2 more . I feel the add is misleading and hope it is changed to prevent further confusion .
 The face of the edge guide that touches the workpiece is a problem on the unit I got.It has two pieces , basically split vertically in half if the router is also vertical . One of my pieces is bent slightly towards the workpiece , or perhaps one piece is bent slightly away . It still works , but honestly is my most disappointing purchase as far as quality goes ; not good for very accurate cutting .
 The edge guide is a flimsy design that is not easy to adjust in small increments . It works ok for a low powered machine , but I would not use it for routers two hp and above .
 DeWalt ` asianizes ' yet another product . As a somewhat advanced furniture maker this accessory will not hold up for me . The dust collector nozzle has already broken albeit it does not affect the performance of the guide . Not near as robust as the guide that come with Bosch routers , but it wo n't fit the Dewalt 621 plunge router which is perhaps the best plunge router on the street.The guide looks like it was stamped out of a chinese license plate . The guide works for now , which is about all I can say . If you want accuracy , durabiity , and value contact Pat Warner - google `` routerman '' .
 Purchased this item as an extension to my router table and am very displeased . The Item was packaged sufficiently . The Directions were also sufficient . The main body is a stamped steel edge which is connected to the rails via a cast aluminum piece that needed to be finagled to accept the rails . The holes on the router base that accept the rails were too large , and the rails had lots of play until they were tightened . And the worst part of it all is the edge of the `` Router EDGE guide '' was not straight !! held up to a straight edge , there was a 1/16 + gap on one side , which would cause it to rock during the cut.This is not a tool for woodworking at any level and makes me consider getting rid of the router as well !!
 This edge guide is designed to fit routers from 1.25 to 3 HP . The hold down screws are thus designed to secure attaching rods from different widths , thus , they screw down on the edge of the rods rather than directly on top of the rods . The result is that as they are tightened , the torque causes the fence to flex out of alignment . So it takes several attempts to get it in proper alignment . The desire to make this fit such a variety of routers makes a piece of junk to me . I am very disappointed in this accessory . BTW , I have been a woodworker for 35 + ` years , so I 'm not a novice .
 IF YOU NEED A FENCE FOR A DEWALT DW625 BUY THE BOSCH RA1054 FENCE INSTEAD . I purchased the Dewalt DW6913 fence years ago to use with my DW625 Dewalt plunge router . While I really like the router , and still consider it one of the better routers available , the fence was a severe disappointment . The two sets of guide rods -LRB- for different Dewalt router models -RRB- where well made , however the main body fence is pressed steel and was inaccurate and poor quality . The fence seems to ride along the surface of the work at an odd angle like the metal was n't formed exactly right . The fine adjuster works but feel clunky . Even with the fine adjuster I do n't trust the fence for very precise cuts . I was originally going to purchase a Microfence router guide but found the $ 200 cost prohibitive . I later found that The Bosch RA1054 Deluxe router edge guide I have also fits the Dewalt DW625 router . This router fence has similar features to the Dewalt and a similar price but is far better constructed . Unlike the Dewalt , the Bosch fence 's main body is cast aluminum like the older Dewalt -LRB- and Elu -RRB- router fences . My only gripe with the Bosch fence so far is that it 's made in China . The Dewalt fence -LRB- or at least the one I have -RRB- was made in England .
 I purchased this belt sander about 5 months ago and found that it lives up to the product claims and design with one basic flaw , the dust bag . As you can imagine , a belt sander removes material aggressively and wood dust is the obvious byproduct.It did n't take me long to realize that none of the dust was being directed into the bag and perhaps this is due to a design flaw if in fact the designers gave this feature any thought . On the good side , you never have to empty the dust bag because it has no function since all dust is left on the work piece or shot into the air for potential breathing.If dust collection is a concern of yours , perhaps a different model or manufacturer would better suit your need .
 Bought the sander and used it for a couple of days for some moderate to light sanding on a bookcase I was building . Belt tracking was excellent , the dust collector was not very effective and it lifted off from the sander frame at times as I lifted the sander off the work piece.Day 3 , disaster struck . After sanding for about 15 minutes , I put the sander down . Upon returning 30 minutes later , the motor completely siezed up , much to my surprise . Returned it to the store and bought a Bosch instead .
 I have had nothing but problems . While still under warranty , the switch went out . A month later it would not run . I took it in to repair and the cost was over $ 100.00 . Now the frame that holds the front roller is broken . Repair cost nearly another $ 100.00 . When working , it is a good sander . I am a home hoppy person and do not use my tools rough or on a daily basis . Did I get a lemon ?
 I am an occasional user . I 've used my sander for approx 10 times . The motor burned up today . I was sanding 3 sheets of plywood with 60 grit paper , when all of a sudden it siezed up . Of couse I 've had it longer than the warranty , but it should last under the conditions I use it . Will consider before buying Dewalt again . Also , the dust bag is a joke . It collects maybe 20 % of your dust .
 The dust colecter does not work at all . Will not pick any dust . I will not use it again . Own other DeWalt tools that are good , but this one is JUNK .
 I ordered a 1/2 Pint of Rosewood stain and I received a 1/2 Pint of Rosewood stain . `` Corrrection '' I received a 1/2 Pint of Brazilian Rosewood stain . The Brazilian Rosewood stain is missing the red of Rosewood stain color . Look at the the title . Do you see `` Brazilian '' any where ?
 I BOUGHT TWO OF THESE SWING ARM LAMPS . THEY WERE N'T THE CHEAPEST AVAILABLE , BUT I THOUGHT THAT I WAS BUYING SOMETHING SERVICEABLE THAT WOULD SERVE THE PURPOSE I HAD FOR THEM . UNFORTUNATELY , THEY WERE THE CHEESIEST , POOREST QUALITY THINGS THAT I HAVE BOUGHT IN MY MEMORY . I LATER BOUGHT A SIMILAR LAMP FROM HOME DEPOT FOR THE SAME PRICE WHOSE QUALITY WAS FAR BETTER . I WOULD HAVE RETURNED THE LAMPS , BUT DID N'T WANT TO GO THROUGH THE TROUBLE AND AGGRAVATION INVOLVED . THE ONE LAMP I DID INSTALL IS PRACTICALLY FALLING OFF THE WALL NOW , TWO MONTHS LATER .
 The sander is a fine product , with the exception of the `` controlled finish system '' . This system uses a plastic ring which wears out rather quickly . When I bought the sander another ring was supplied , which I 've misplaced . I am now stuck with a sander that works improperly , shoots shards of this plastic ring out , and I can not seem to get a new ring for it . Lifespan was 1 month of heavy use . My boss has a porter-cable and it does n't have this system . It seems to work well without and has had a year of daily use .
 I purchased this sander new from Home Depot and used it . After a -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- brief amount of time , the loops let go . There was no accident , or misuse of the sander , they just gave out and refused to hold the paper . Another reviewer said 50 sheets . That sounds about right . I too was dissappointed that I had to purchase a $ 20 replacement pad/loop part . I considered the Rigid brand when the HD employee told me they stand behind their sanders for the life of the sander . To do over , I 'd purchase the Rigid sander .
 The dust bag is cheaply made and not as useful as it could be . The little disk which rides under the head assembly needs replacing frequently in heavy use . and it is hard to find .
 I own this sander because it came as a freebie promotional perk with my DeWalt planer -LRB- check out my DW733 planer review if you 're interested -RRB- . The sander has problems . First , I 'm not a big fan of forced-air dustbags in the first place , but this one is particularly annoying because it always falls off from the sander 's own vibration . I ended up having to put a self-tapping screw in it , which I then have to undo before emptying the bag . Lame.Second , the bigger problem is that the random-orbit mechanism appears to have failed after only about four hours of use . The pad is no longer rigid -- it wobbles off-axis and it 's all I can do to hold it flat on the workpiece while sanding . It tries to dance around all over the stock -- I literally can not move it in a straight line while it 's running . I 've been a journeyman architectural woodworker for nearly ten years , so I think I 'm qualified to say that the unit is not functioning as it should.I 'm going to try to get some resolution from DeWalt , which I should say has been pretty good in the past with other issues . However , since it was a gim me along with the planer , I 'm not holding my breath.I 'll post an update when I can get in touch with DeWalt .
 This unit did n't last long on the job site . The on-off switch is tiny and its action finicky , but the real problem lies in the dust collection system . The plastic slider-on adapter accepts either the included collection bag or vacuum hoses of various sizes . So far so good . But when the running sander is applied to the work surface , the adapter vibrates off within five seconds . DeWalt needs to rework this pronto .
 This Dewalt is a durably built sander , but the plastic ring used for the controlled finishing feature wears out much too quickly . I only get about 4-6 hours of use before this part need replacing . No home improvement , hardware , or building supply sells this part in my area , which means it has to be ordered everytime the part wears out , meaning too much downtime . Not only does this part have to be replaces every 4-6 hours of use , the part itself costs $ 7 to $ 8 apiece . This is extremely poor design and needs to be corrected . The hook and loop also stopped accepting sand paper after about 10 hours of use , however , I 'm using the cheaper priced adhesive backed paper on the worn pad and it works fine . As much as I use the sander , I would be much better off buying another brand sander with the money it takes to replace the controlled finishing ring and the pad . I 'm going with a porter cable or BOSCH .
 I have had to replace the hook and loop base on this sander three times . I can only manage to go through about 50 sand paper discs before , yes another hook and loop base for another 20 bucks . If I had known I would have gotton a psa sander instead . otherwise the sander works good .
 I thought this would be the last sander I would ever have to buy , but I guess I was wrong . I have used this sander for a year and a half and probably have less than 50 hours on it . It is taking several seconds to get up to speed and it has no power left-almost dies under its own weight . I thought I was buying the best , now I do n't know what to buy .
 A handy machine but the switch does n't work right . It has a rubber cover and it is difficult to toggle , my wife sometimes says it is broke then with a little work I get it going . The cost to repair is too much in comparison to buying new .
 my psa dewalt palm sanders have about 2000 hours on it and i love them ! My new hook and loop palm sander has about 100 hours and i am ready to throw away the hook and loop pad . Hook and loop costs about twice as much but lasts half as long as psa . Psa cuts a lot faster and costs a lot less .
 My disappointment with this sander is that the sanding disk -LRB- the hook portion of the sander -RRB- failed to hold the paper after several hours of use . Upon talking to DeWalt , I was told that this part only had of life of 5-10 hours of use and then would need to be replaced . The replacement cost is about $ 15 at that rate you could by a new sander more cheaply that continuing to replace the disks . Nothing in the product literature warns the user of this flaw . Surely there are better products out there .
 I am very diappointed in this saw.I have had 2 of them during the past 10 months.The Dewalt service center worked one the first one andthen had it replaced . They tried at least.The problem with the saw it that it pulls to the left while cutting.In the application I was using I wanted to use a straight edge to get a very straight cut , ie . better then I might get free hand.This was in some 1/4 '' walnut plywood.With a straight edge -LRB- ie guide fence -RRB- if the fence was on the left it would pull the wood out from under the fence creating a bow or the blade would jump out of the guide roller.If the fence was to the right of the saw it pulled away from the fence and trying to guide it back to the fence caused the blade to jump out of the roller guide.The service center contacted someone at Dewalt , who said that I could not use a jigsaw with a fence and that I needed to buy a cutout tool.I did n't argue with them but to complete my project I had borrowed my friends Bosch and it cut with a fence just fine . For a lot of years I managed to do this type of cutouts with an old Craftman until I wore it out.I had also contacted the main Dewalt customer support via email who told me to go to the nearest service center and that the saw should work this way . When I wrote them a second time about the last visit to the repair store I got no response.The sole plate also hangs up and is difficult to set to an angle.The saw has a dust blower which is adjusted by a slide on the right hand side . My first manual did not have a description of this switch.I do like the ability to chuck both universial and T shank blades which was why I choose the tool initially over its Bosch counterpart.Today I used the saw for the last time and being very displeased with the results I just gave it away .
 After looking at 5 different saws for a couple of hours , I settled on this one . It 's use of standard and t-blades was the deciding factor . When I started sawing wood , I noticed that it cut to the right , so I had to face the saw about 25 degrees left to track straight.When I examined it , it looked like the the blade holder , or the entire shaft was crooked . The blade ran against the side of the guide bearing instead of being straight . The power-on locking mechanism did not work all the time , and it seemed chintzy . Also , the blade locking mechanism did not inspire confidence . Besides for these things , it was okay . I thought it felt good in my hand , and the power was good.I returned it and bought a Milwaukee 6266-21 . I think I will stay away from Dewalt after this . Seems their QC is sleeping .
 I manage a small manufacturing plant where workers use jig saws for roughly 20 % of their day . We recently replaced our aging Makitas -LRB- 7 years old !! -RRB- with 3 DeWalts . We have had them all to service depots at least 3 times , and have now given up and are purchasing new Makitas again . The major problems
 I must own about 20 DeWALT tools and this is a frustrating tool . For the most part I really like DeWALT tools but this one needs to be redesigned . The blade will not track straight . The problem seems to be in the blade mounting system . I have never had a problem with the blade coming loose , however as you screw the cap to tighten the blade you can see the plunger start to turn as you crank down on this thing . Since you tighten to the right , the blade will end up pointed to the right . Now I have found that if you back off slightly you can line it up , but that 's not the way a jig saw should work . I think that in this case you would be better served with a Bosch .
 After reading the review that said `` read the manual '' , I figured I could pick up a good saw -LRB- that was badly adjusted -RRB- for short money . Oops . This thing is a piece of junk . It does n't matter how aggressive -LRB- or not -RRB- the orbital action is when the shaft has play - I can not get this thing to track a line properly , or to make true cuts . Since pretty much all of the professional quality tools use T-shank blades , it 's getting harder and harder to find high-quality `` u '' blades , so the fact that they do n't fall out of the saw is pointless - the saw was designed and advertised as working with both , it should work for both.Of course , try looking for a used Bosch - there are n't any , at least not any with a good discount over new . Guess that should tell you something right there . Save your money and buy a Bosch first time out instead of trying this piece of junk first .
 Despite the hefty price tag and prestigious name , this saw wo n't hold a blade ! My first one would n't ... and neither would the replacement Home Depot gave me . Nothing I did would make a blade stay in . Call to the factory elicited this comment
 I purchased this saw expecting it to be in similar quality to other DeWalt tools that I have . Upon use , I have found that the saw refuses to cut straight and can sometimes change as if a mind of its own . The most annoying problem is the bolt and locking extension for the bevel adjustment . This adjustment will vibrate loose often , causing bad things to happen to your cuts since the blade will torque and the bevel changes . Tightening it up is also a pain , since any common renches , nutdrivers , etc. will not fit into the tiny area . If I had known , I would have bought the Bosch , Milwaukee , or Makita .
 I looked at several Jig Saw Brands and made the mistake of buying this Dewalt.The problem is the blade holding design.The blades shoot out during use.I called Dewalt and was instructed to follow the instructions for installing the blade.Duh ... The fact is that the design is bad and Dewalt is sidestepping their responsibility.I own several other Dewalt power tools and they are all fine.This is the first time I 've ever even contacted their customer service and I feel very let down by the response I received.I finally just gave up , threw the saw away , and bought a Bosch.Now that I know how Dewalt stands behind their products I do n't think I 'll ever buy another Dewalt product.Would I recommend this saw to a friend?Not likely .
 The saw that this DEWALT replaced was a Skill . At first I thought I had a real tool after using the waste of resourses Skill called a saw . It was the lack of vibration that fooled me . Every bad thing everyone else said about the Dewalt is true . I really hate the way metal blades pop out . I have tried different brands and styles but none of them will stay in the holder . I wish I had used it a little more befor the return policy ran out .
 By far , this is the worst power tool Dewalt makes . It ca n't cut straight . It has the worst swayout in the industry . My advice
 I bought this jigsaw at a local Lowe 's . Upon getting it home we tried to cut a staight line using a fence . It would curve to the right every time ... We tried cutting free hand , following a staight line , BUT again the saw curved to the right . I found I could follow a line if the whole saw was turned at about a 30 degree angle . I took it back ... I really like DeWalt products , so I bought another one . THIS ONE ALSO DID THE SAME THING IN THE SAME KIND OF WOOD WITH OR WITHOUT A FENCE ... THIS IS A POOR REPRESENTATIVE OF DeWalt ... . THIS ONE IS ALSO GOING BACK TO Lowe 's . I will be looking for another brand ...
 This is the worst and most disapointing product ever made by DeWalt . I have used DeWalt tools almost exclusively in both building and woodworking and always found them to be top rate . This pile of junk however , is the most inaccurate and impossible to use tool I have ever seen . The blade lock does not hold secure , and the sole plate lock never fully tightens which results in a tapered and off center cut every time . The instructions are not clear and without any previous tool use , the saw would likely be a mystery . I saw where a previous reviewer had given this away , I however could never hate anyone so badly to give them this tool . After ruining a recent project that was near completion , I threw this saw in the dump where it hopefully can do no harm . Do not spend any hard earned money on this wreck of a saw , find another . If it was possible to give negative stars I would do so
 De Walt had a great idea when they made the 321 . It is handy to have a saw that will take both Bosch and Universial shank blades , that way , you can go into your local hardware store that only sells Black & Decker products and get blades . But they messed up when they designed the blade clamp . If they could fix the clamp , add orbital action , this would be a five star tool . Until then , stay away , very far away , and if you have to use one , wear your safety glasses !
 This is the second Dewalt model I tried . I can not recommend it . The most important feature of a jigsaw in my opinion is to be able to make a square cut while following a line , curved or straight . This saw can not do either . The plunger that moves the blade up and down has a very large `` play '' sideways . You can move it with your finger side to side by more than 1/16th of an inch . That kind of movement translates into a larger movement at the cutting area of the blade . So no matter what kind of cut you are making , curved or straight , the blade wants to wander . Once it moves 1/16th away from your line , you apply force on the saw to move it back . That makes it worse . As you make a curve , the blade deflects more and more as you get into the curve , making the cut not square . You end up with a very rough cut even with finest blades . You have to cut proud of your line and waste time sanding . You can do this test at Home Depot or somewhere you can see different models . Take this saw and push the plunger sideways , then take a Bosch and do the same . You will see that Bosch is rock solid , does not move visibly , whereas Dewalt is lose as if they forgot a bolt or two . I bought a barrel grip Bosch and I am happy . .
 Let me say that I am a Dewalt product lover . I use only Dewalt tools . However , this jigsaw is the worst Dewalt product and probably the worst jigsaw on the market . There is n't enough space to list all of my complaints about this saw . Just take my advice and look elsewhere
 Having several DeWalt tools and being very happy with them , I specifically ask for the DeWalt DW321KK as a gift . BAD MISTAKE ! This saw will not cut straight . Forcing it to stay in line causes the blade to bend or jump off the guide . Another problem is the sole plate locking mechanism is of poor design and should be re-engineered to work !
 I do n't know how the Dewalt DW321K is for power or dust blowing because I have not been able to keep a blade in it long enough to make a complete cut . I bought this to replace a 20 year old Craftsman which required a screwdriver to change blades . Somewhat inconvient , but it works . It took me 20 minutes to install the blade in the Dewalt . When I turned it on , the blade shot across the room . I have owned a number of good Dewalt tools in the past , which is why I bought this one . I hope the 30 day warrenty is n't up so I can return this saw for another brand .
 Just recently I had a chance to put the Bosch and the Dewalt through the ringer . I had 42 rafters on a house with swoops that had to be cut in them , no easy task for any saw . The Dewalt did n't last through four cuts seven feet long before it gave out . Not too worry though the Bosch picked up the slack . The problem was , there is a tiny pin that holds the blade holder on the Dewalt straight , sort of a locking pin . This system needs some serious help . Once it pops out or shreds you can not track straight with the saw . So go ahead and save yourself some money and buy the Bosch . Trust me you 'll be fixing the Dewalt very soon .
 I own several DeWalt tools and love them -LRB- circular saw , cordless drills -RRB- , and so I figured this jigsaw would be similarly great . WRONG ! The first unit was so bad -LRB- tracking and square -RRB- that I returned it thinking I must have purchased a lemon -LRB- after all - yellow ... ? -RRB- . The second unit was identically bad . Blower did n't work , tracking was horrible , cuts were VERY out of square . My 20 year old B&D , `` purchased '' with green stamps , was far better . The only good thing about this saw is that it has lots of power .
 This saw does n't cut straight or parallel !!!! Go for something else or wait till they fix this ones problems . This tool is a total loss for me but so what ... I need a good jig saw and probably will get the bosch or metabo barrel grip.ARGGHHHHHH what a pain when you throw away almost 200.00 bucks !!!!!
 I have many Dewalt tools and would rate them all a 5 . So based on my experience when I needed a jig saw I bought this one . I was very disapointed in the quality of the cuts . It was also frustrating having to blow off the saw dust to see where my guide line was . After all it has a blower to do this ...
 This is my father 's saw and it slows me down - PERIOD . I have tried everything i could to secure the quick release bevel which keeps vibrating loose short of throwing this unit in the trash . It also ejects blades as regular practice . I 'll be cutting 3/4 inch birch and leave the blade behind and the saw keeps going . That isnt even all of it , the saw tracks like an old pickup truck with a bent frame and bends blades like its job . I cant say enough bad about this one
 The `` tool-free blade changer '' feature makes this saw almost useless . After years of walking into a hardware store and grabbing the DeWalt model of whatever I 'm looking for , I 'm now thinking twice . I ca n't imagine anyone at the company used this thing for any length of time and still thought it should be sold to consumers . Ugh .
 I should have checked this section before wasting my time . I recieved my saw today and it is packed up for return . The blade would not even stay in the saw so I said this is enough and did not even waste any more of my time . Dewalt should either junk this saw or do a serious remodel on it . I ordered a Bosch and will do my home work before making my next purchase . They should have a minus rating so we could give a better review of such poor tools .
 This saw will not cut in a straight with a fence or free-hand . In fact , you can not follow any line . Forcing it to stay in line causes the blade to bend and you wind up with a tapered cut . The sole plate locking mechanism is nearly worthless also . I 've tried to discuss this tool with both DeWalt and their Rep and all I get is that they `` will get back to me . '' If you need a jig saw , buy anything BUT this one .
 A good price , nice kit with blades , and what I thought was a good brand name prompted me to buy this item . Unfortunately I did not read all the reviews first -LRB- wo n't make that mistake again -RRB- and found that ALL of them are true . This saw is terrible . The blade falls out , it takes 10-20 minutes to change blades , and its almost impossible to cut straight . I am returning this item for the Bosch , which everyone has given an outstanding review
 First , let me state that I generally like DeWalt tools -LRB- ca n't say enough good things about my dw364 7-1/4 '' circ saw -RRB- . This poseur , Bosch-wannabee , on the other hand , is horrible . I recently bought a Bosch 1590 , and I ca n't get over how much ridiculously better the Bosch is . It 's like they came from different centuries.The DeWalt still works , but after ruining about $ 60 worth of panels I was cutting for a small home project , I immediately went to my local tool purveyor , and picked up the Bosch . Needless to say , after a half hour of cutting with the Bosh , I knew I had found a lifelong keeper , and gave the DeWalt away to a friend who 'll be using it once in a blue moon for small projects . Here are my problems with the 321K :1 . TRACKING . Can not get this thing to track straight . After ruining one panel because the saw drifted , I clamped on a straight edge/guide to a fresh , new panel . While using the guide I forced the saw 's footplate/base to follow the straight guide -LRB- no easy task , as it kept wanting to pull -RRB- . This did not work since the pull was so strong , the blade actually popped out of the roller guide even with the base hugging the guide , resulting in a horrendous cut . Another panel ruined . In addition , the wacky tracking also results in a fair share of bent blades . I 've used $ 50 Black and Deckers that tracked straight lines more accurately .2 . BLADE HOLD . Using U-shank blades , I found that blades periodically pop out after extended use . The keyless blade change system , while convenient , just does n't provide enough grip to keep a tight hold on blades . It seems that the system loosens from vibration after extended use . Might also have to do with the additional vibration caused by blade bind from tracking issues . This is dangerous , and frustrating to say the least . In comparison , I have not encountered this problem with the Bosch.Pass on the 321K , and get a Bosch instead . I think Bosch has the reputation as the gold standard in jig saws , and after using one of their products , I can see why .
 I bought this saw in spite of the reviews here . I spent hours at the local home improvement store and based on the extra 0.8 amps of power for the same price -LRB- over Bosch -RRB- , I took one home . After two days of attempted use during a hardwood floor installation it went back to the store and the Bosch came home . The sole plate adjustment came loose during almost every cut . I finally locked it in place with a tie-wrap which worked for a few cuts . The bamboo floor material I was working with was not cheap and the saw managed to goon up more than one piece.Don ' t waste your money .
 Could not get the blade to track stright . The saws shaft is lose and will shift while using . I have many other DeWalt tools I have been very happy with , but this saw stinks . I sold mine at a loss and bought a Bosch ***** stars for the Bosch .
 I like the variable speed and the blower that blows the sawdust away as you saw . I even like the `` no tool '' ability to change the blades . Unfortunately , after less than a year owning the saw , and maybe less than a dozen uses , the knob at the top of the saw which releases the blade lock broke and I am now no longer able to change the blade . My last jigsaw , a Craftsman , lasted over twenty years before the motor finally burned up . They just do n't make them like they used to .
 I 'm a licensed carpenter and I only use Dewalt tools , however , this jig saw has been nothing but a disappointment.The blade fell out and I could not get the locking mechanism to release . I brought it to a Dewalt service center and paid $ 80.00 for the repair . I used the jig saw twice and the same problem occured . I will not repair it again and I will buy a Makita jig saw . My partner has one and has never had a problem with it !!!!!
 All the one star reviews are trued by using it just once . The half star is for the long cord and comfortable handle which is a given for a tool from DeWalt . But obviously not the functions of this tool .
 I 'm a tile contractor , so do n't have a whole lot of use for a reciprocating saw . But , on the occasional remodel job it 's invaluable . I own seven Dewalt power tools and am dissapointed with this one alone . The quick change blade feature seems to be a great idea , and time saver , but my saw has been in the shop twice because I could n't get the blade out . Frustrating as can be in the middle of a job . Each time I was told told to clean the blade holding area -LRB- ? -RRB- frequently , but with out any obvious way to do that with out taking it apart . Occasionally beating on it helps , but ... The telescoping foot has only two settings , neither seems to be right and the darn thing falls out . It also tends to rub the side of the blade if your doing anything but cutting easy material in a ideal setting , but ... how often do you use reciprocating saw in those conditions . I would have returned it , except I 'd had it for 7 months before the problems appeared -LRB- only used once during that period -RRB- . Try some other saw ... rent first .
 From the back label : `` This product contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm . '' `` Do not use on plastic or any porous materials . '' `` May cause mild skin irritation and mechanical irritation to the eyes . Minimize skin contact and avoid contact with eyes and clothing . Wash thoroughly after handling before eating , drinking or smoking . Wear eye protection when handling . ... Get immediate medical attention if irritation develops . `` I did n't even open the lid to try it .
 First of all , there is no information as to how to send this back.I was sent the top of the cross handles ; the cross part . And , I was sent the wall mount rough valve . However , I was not sent the faucet ; and , I was not sent the rest of the handles except the top cross parts . Anotherwords , I was &#34; royally screwed &#34; and or cheated . Needless to say , I am very unhappy and disapointed !!!
 This was the first and last DeWalt power tool in my shop . The serious flaw is an unpredictable switch . Since it was new I sometimes had to fiddle with it for it to stay on . Even more of a pain , it often turns on by itself -LRB- on one occasion over five minutes after I shut it off and was all of the way across the room -RRB- . The one star is to give it some credit for not stopping after a suicide leap off of the workbench . It is a blessing it is a palm sander and not a more dangerous tool .
 You ca n't see what you are working on well for a detail sander ... that 's the biggest problem . It goes down from there . High vibration , fairly noisy , and uncomfortable handle . I am surprised that DeWalt released this . It is beneath their standard . It 's really just a grinder I think that has been reworked to do random orbit . Not competitive with Bosch or PC .
 I have had this tool for several years now and bought it mostly because of the Dewalt name . Unfortunately , it does n't live up to expectations . First , 6 inch hook and loop pads are becoming harder to find . It seems that 5 inch pads are the current craze , especially adhesive pads . Secondly , this tool is noisy and heavy . It is hard think of it as a finishing sander . The collection bag is a joke and must have been designed by the team of Moe , Larry and Curly . The wire that gives the bag it 's shape and stiffness poked a hole in the fabric the second day I used it . Very poor design . Not worthy of the Dewalt name . Its only saving grace is that due to its weight it will take rough stock off quickly .
 After using orbital sanders for years I decided to get the random orbit . I have been a big fan of Dewalt and did not hesitate on purchasing this tool . The dust collection for the most part does not work . The sanding qualities are first class . But six inch paper is hard to find . But I stocked up when I bought the sander . I have had to replace the switch after it quit working . Overall It sands well but fails in the dust collection department . Dewalt could do better .
 I had the same product for 3 years ! I purchase a new one and it fell apart After 2 weeks ????????? Not happy
 I purchased this to replace a Porter Cable 555 . First , the fence was out of square . Next , the cuts were approximately 0.020 out on one edge . When you put the boards together , you have to overcome 0.040 total error . Using this to edge boards would be quite the chore . I sent the tool back as not accurate enough for fine woodworking .
 The advantage of the DeWalt is that it 's a generally a good package at a modest price . The down side is that it 's extremely noisy . The pitch will remind you of the dentist chair every time you run it , but the worst feature is that the motor cooling vent is on top of the machine , and you will get a blast of air/dust in the face and eyes because of their chosen design , it 's a real pain.The DeWalt does the job , but along with the non-precise travel after adjustment and tightening in the fence I would recommend the PC or Lamello . I recently purchased the PC 557K because of the lousy Dewalt design and dumped the Dewalt at a second hand tool store and laughed all the way , to pick up my new PC several months ago .
 Because this unit was $ 50 cheaper than the Porter-Cable , I thought I would give it a shot . Bad idea . The Porter-Cable has more angle settings and more power which make a cleaner cut in hard woods . The Dewalt fence is feable and is easily prone to damage . Plus , out of the box , the Dewalt fence was not square . Buy the Porter-Cable for the extra money and get the job done right the first time .
 I bought this product recently to build some cabinets . Although I had read quite a bit about it , I was not completely pleased with the product as it came out of the box . When you use a plate joiner , it is very important for the cutter kerf to be parallel to the fence . Since boards that are joined on edge are cut opposite to each other , any misalignment causes a doubling of misalignment . The unit I received was way off , not only in the fence alignment , but also in the depth adjustment . Luckily I was able to adjust it by loosening two screws in the front and resetting it . The whole process took about 11/2 hours . In addition , the dust port not very well designed . It is small and has a protrusion -LRB- probably mandated by OSHA -RRB- that keeps the dust from being properly ejected . The plastic adapter to hook it up to a bag fits inside the port , thus blocking the opening further . Also , the ways the unit slides on are plastic , and have quite a bit of play in them.A couple of positive notes
 The Dewalt looked good in the store but I 've been a little disappointed . The machine needs a soft start on the motor to keep it from jumping when you pull the trigger . Once I learned to maintain an iron grip , I realized that the mark that is supposed to indicate the height of the cut from the fence -LRB- or sole plate -RRB- is much too far off to be useful at all . Most of the time you do n't need to use the mark - if you just maintain reference surfaces carefully , all will align ok - but sometimes one has to use the marks and on this machine the marks are n't accurate at all . Having to make complicated setups and test cuts sort of overcomes the purpose of the machine - which is to increase speed . Finally , on my machine , I notice that when using the sole plate as the reference , actually the aluminum casting extends below the sole plate , so that the sole plate does n't sit flat on the reference table . Yes , it can be fixed with a -LRB- substantial -RRB- bit of filing ... . but having to go to this extreme on a new tool , which may not be the most expensive but even so certainly is n't cheap , does n't seem reasonable to me.I know that some claim that the biscuits are n't for alignment but that 's nonsense ... . since the initially-compressed biscuits expand to fill the slot , then by definition they WILL align the parts . Or , misalign them if the slots are a little off . Plate joining seems like a faster alternative to mortise and tenons when the full goodness is n't needed , but this Dewalt is n't a precision instrument .
 I bought this biscuit joiner here on Amazon maybe two years ago . Out of the box the flip down fence was probably 9 to 10 degrees out of square . That 's right , 9 to 10 degrees . The quality control person in China must have been drunk . I tried to mess with it but quickly realized that it was simply an atrocious casting . I finally took thi tool directly to a Dewalt sales and service outlet in Hayward , CA . The guys seemed nice enough . They said it was a warranty issue and that it would be fixed for free . They said `` give us ten days '' . I gave it longer , having had many tools repaired in the past and came back a few months later . When I handed the man my claim slip he said he thought the tool might have been sold . `` Why ? '' `` When they 're left here that long that 's what we do . '' `` You could have called me . '' `` It looks like we still have it '' `` I guess I should be thankful '' Dewalt guy notes my sarcasm.I opened the case and pulled out the tool with a bright A-Okay-everything-is-repaired tag on it and looked at the flip down fence . STILL 9 to 10 degrees out of square . `` You see this ? '' I hold the tool aloft for the Dewalt dude . `` my claim slip says ; ` fence out of square ' '' `` What ? I do n't see the problem . '' `` Do you know what this tool is for ? `` He gives me a patronizing look . `` It 's out of square by a mile man . It wo n't work this way `` Eventually a guy from the back comes out and fiddles with the tool in front of me for probably ten minutes . I watch as he does everything I tried when I first opened the case . Nothing he does suggests that he knows what this thing does , or that he has ever seen it before . Finally , first Dewalt guy looks up the part number , opens a box somewhere , and pulls out a new fence . The second Dewalt guy pushes the fence on it roughly and hands it back to me.I take home tool , and its still out of square by two degrees , which makes biscuits out of alignment by 4 degrees . I was hoping this tool would be used for cabinet making but instead it will probably just remain in the carpentry tool pile.I hope my miserable story has entertained you . Dewalt , your quality control stinks . And since your tools will require so much service , your service should provide , well , service .
 Everything about this was awesome , except that the unit I bought , the blade was slightly out of parallel with the fence ; about 1/32 '' higher on one side of the cut.If I could guarantee a parallel cut , I 'd buy this again ; until then , going with a PC or Makita .
 This product is poorly built . The stop is made with flimsy pot metal about 1 mm thick . Mine broke after 1 use . Just looking at it you can see it is weak but I could not from the internet pictures . Harbor Freight , Makita , Hitachi , and Ryobi have a better products at less than half the price !
 This DeWalt plate joiner felt great when I took it out of the box . But when I turrned it on it was very loud making it unpleasant to use . Also this tool shoots the dust right in your eyes . The fence angle indicator is not accurate . And set up takes too long vs the Porter Cable . I will go back to Porter Cable next time .
 I purchased a factory reconditioned -LRB- with full warranty -RRB- DeWalt plate joiner . Not only was it missing a pin on which the miter swivels up and down , but the blade cut far too deep , no matter how much I adjusted it . I had to stick a 16p nail in the missing hole to keep the miter from flopping around while working . It was a good thing I made many test cuts since it cut far deep . For example , on setting `` 0 '' it cut so deep that a `` 0 '' biscuit completely disappeared in the cut . I was finally able to crank the fine depth adjustment down so that on `` 0 '' setting I could use a `` 10 '' biscuit . I normally purchase DeWalt by default since I have never had anything but good luck with them , but boy did I get screwed on this one . Fortunately the retailer is taking it back based on the 90 day money back guarantee . I am honestly not sure I want to chance another DeWalt joiner at this time .
 I purchased a new Dewalt 682K . The instructions were not great , especially for me -LRB- a relatively new woodworker -RRB- . However , the problem was the depth gauge for the plunge -- none -LRB- 0 , 10 , 20 , M -RRB- worked . With the exception of 0 -LRB- which was much deeper than it should have been -RRB- , the other three were all the same depth . So , I took it back to the vendor -LRB- Western Tool -RRB- . They pulled out a floor model to compare . Its depth guage did n't work either ! That was the end of my Dewalt biscuit joiner .
 My Lamello bisquit joiner was expensive but it delivers so much more accuracy and it is much more quiet than the DeWalt . This DeWalt plate joiner looks just like my DeWalt angle grinder . The DeWalt Grinder is great because noise and accuracy do n't matter when grinding metal . But for fine woodworking an angle grinder design wo n't cut it - I prefer the Lamello .
 I read the reviews and had it narrowed down to two jointers ; DeWalt and Porter Cable . I decided that the price was right on the DeWalt and figured it would do the job . I tested a few joints with it and noticed that the wood was a little off . I figured that it was user error and continued on with my project . Then I decided to check for sqareness off the adjustable fence . The pointer lined up just past the `` 0 '' mark and sure enough it was off . No problem , I thought , since it had an adjustment screw , I could not adjust it to where I needed it to go . I had to file the stop block to get it at `` 90 '' . This failed to fix the problem with the line up of the wood . I finally measured the cut and found that it was a 32nd higher on the right side of the cut . No matter how I hold the tool to the surface it was off . A visual look at the blade and you can see the blade comes out at an angle . Bottom line , the mechanics of the tool are strong , but the machining of everything else hooked to the motor needs more attention . It is going back tomorrow . A 32nd sounds picky , but it sure racks your project when you put all the biscuits in place . Not a good tool for fine woodworking projects.Update
 Here is my story ... after two attempts to purchase this joiner , I went with the PC 557 . Both of the Dewalt models I bought had their fences racked which caused the biscuit slots to be cut on an angle . Cutting a # 20 slot was off about 1/8 '' from left to right . Plus , reports of the chute clogging are true . It was worth $ 30.00 more to get the PC .
 Upon receiving this tool I immediately checked the plunge depth and found it was not even close when set to 0,10 and 20 . I found that the adjusting screw which is supposed to be for fine depth adjustment was not set to the correct depth . Upon further examination I found that the screw was stripped and would not allow me to reset it . I had to remove the screw and tap it and reinstall it and set it for the 3 different size bisciuts . Not at all what I expect from a tool at this cost . Where is the quality control ????
 I am a professional cabinetmaker , so my standards may be a bit higher than the weekend warrior , however , this is probably my least favorite hand tool in the entire shop . I have previously used a Lamello Top and that set a pretty high standard for biscuit joiners for me . The Dewalt has some intriguing design features , however , they have been very poorly executed . The problems are as follows :1 . -RRB- Motor vent on top of machine blows chips and fine dust right into your eyes REGARDLESS of wether you are wearing safety glasses . Very annoying .2 . -RRB- Accuracy is pitiful , and you can forget about the factory presets for angles and squareness . If you like to tinker with tools for days at a time , this is your tool - if you would like to create things out of wood , it may not be .3 . -RRB- The noise of this little glorified Dewalt grinder is earsplitting and sounds a bit like a high pitched freight train grinding against the side of a glass tunnel whilst a passenger drags his or her fingernails along a continuous chalkboard .4 . -RRB- You will need to stop your work aproximately every other biscuit to clean the dust port that is undersized with a blast of pressurized air , which a. -RRB- will blind you , b. -RRB- send chips flying all over your workspace , and c. -RRB- slow down your production time by approximately 50 % .5 . -RRB- Did I mention accuracy?Conclusion
 I 'm cutting a timberframe and needed a saw to make accurate 3 '' deep cuts . I own the big Makita , but that 16 '' blade tends to wander a bit with the grain . Plus , the base on that saw is very flexible . It 's difficult to get dependable 90 degree cuts with it . I was hoping the Dewalt would give better results . Unfortunately , the Dewalt was a big disappointment.The biggest problem was the obstructed sightlines . The housing extends so far around the blade that it 's practically impossible to see the front edge of the cut . By the time you contort far enough to see the cut , you 're practically standing on your head ! It 's very difficult to control the saw with your balance so far off . To make matters worse , I can see no reason for the over-sized bonnet . It seems like the designer simply had no idea how to use a saw!NOTE
 This saw is being presented as the replacement for the earlier Black & Decker 8-1/4 '' Sawcat . If only that was true . I purchased not one but two of these saws and found both of them to have the same defects . There was severe blade wobble with both saws , that resulted in a 3/16 '' and wider saw cut while using a thin kerf blade ! Three brand new blades were tried to assure that the problem was not with the blade . It was n't . The height adjustment is very rought due to crude castings and rough metal to metal slide . The supposed electric brake does n't really perform like a brake at all but merely a slow down of sorts . This saw in no way compares with the Black & Decker Sawcat of the past , and anyone expecting that will most assuredly be greatly disappointed just as I was . I also feel that for the cost of this saw , a rip guide should be included , but it is n't . Neither is a carrying case . The smoothness of the armature & bearings seems very crude and it 's doubtful that this saw would perform as flawlessly as the B&D Sawcat did over the many years I owned it . What a shame , and my search for a replacement saw will continue .
 I used this babe for over two years , and have been the best saw than I own . Very well build tool have also the safety feature of an electric brake than stop it in less than two seconds when you release the switch . Very easy to adjust the zero point -LRB- kerf indicator -RRB- and parallelism between the blade and the shoe . Surprising for me was the oustanding balance and plenty of power for the hardest of the tropical woods -LRB- Use carbide tiped blade ... please -RRB- Also have a cord keeper for place the cable away in some chores . The only drawback than I see , is no metric conversion kits available for the people like me than not use inches !
 This trimmer suffers from several critical defects : The depth adjustment is difficult to use and worse loosens often during use unless you tighten the lock knob with a tool instead of your handsThe base does n't sit at a reliable ninety degrees so one side of the router trims to a different depth than the otherThe collet has an on-board lock that grabs the motor leaving you with no leverage to loosen it , i.e. you have just one wrench and holding the motor with one hand while turning the wrench with the other after a 30,000 rpm motor has tightend the collet is n't fun.Not ready for prime time .
 This router is poorly built . I send back the one I received for replacement and the new one had the same problems . On both routers the base was not square with router and they had high vibration . I also found the routers to be heavy , large and awkward to use . These routers deserve 0 out of 5 stars .
 Poor adjustment on the base . Wish I had n't burned the box so I could send it back .
 This tool is difficult to change a bit on due to the motor lock and single wrench operation . It is on the heavy side as well . The base is difficult to adjust and does not sit square with the bit.I would not recommend to a friend or an enemy ...
 I have both this trimmer and the comparable Porter Cable 7301 . The Porter Cable is the better designed and somoother running unit . For the price difference I 'd get the PC model.Not a bad machine just not as good as the PC model .
 I bought this because of the deal and dewalt name . Turns out the item does not operate at a consistent level as far as screw depth . You may get one or two perfect then a bunch that are not sunk in the dimple . Bad product.If you buy one of these , try it ! Do n't let it set around like I did and get past the return date . Fairly obvious that whoever had it before me realized it would not work consistantly , and returned it.My bad ! Found out after asking on a DIY forum that the dewalts are know for this inconsistency !
 I picked this drill up at Home Depot where the display and box said `` Drywall and Deck '' Drill . Now I was buying the drill to do some framing 2x4 to 2x4 's with 21/2 screws . I found that the drill bit would bounce around and spin in the screws at the slightest provcation . I ended up pre-drilling each hole . Even still slow or fast it would bounce out and begin the stripping . Oddly about every 4 screws zip in one would go . I finished the job . My 14.4 Dewalt cordless drove them in flawlessly . I even tried the same bit in this one and no luck . I think the problem was the degree of speed was difficult to control and the drill over rev ` ed . Larger treaded drywall screws were no problem . This is not a deck screw drill .
 I bought this item after buying the Milwaukee 1/2 Hammer Drilll and then returned the Milwaukee as I first thought it was more drill than I needed . I opened and used the Dewalt . I mixed a 5 Gal pail of Drywall mix with it and felt the speed was too low for my uses . I returned it and re-bought the Milwaukee . Overall it 's a nice drill and fit 's the hand well but , I thought the lack of power when needed was n't worth the money . A shame , because I really wanted it . This drill would suffice for most around the house jobs but not when real power was needed . Features were nice , quite , and smooth . Chuck worked great too . Just lacked power . A dissapointment from Dewalt . I 'll be looking at Milwaukee from now on .
 The drill worked OK at first except that the chuck is eccentric -- it wobbles , so the hole you get is bigger than the drill bit you 're using . After about an hour of drilling time -LRB- not , of course , non-stop drilling -RRB- , the trigger developed a dead spot wherein when I squeezed with gradually increasing pressure -LRB- so as to gradually increase drill speed -RRB- , a few seconds into the ramp-up it quit -- just stopped cold . When that happened the first time , it just would not run again . The next day I tried it again , but except for one burst of full-speed running , it would not come on . -LRB- Outlets and cords checked out fine . -RRB- So overall it rates as very poor quality . I would not buy another .
 Did not come with a standard DeWalt carry case.Old style chuck . This must be an older model soon to be discontinued model.To bad Amazon 's description was more detailed .
 I found that it was necessary to keep retightening the chuck if the operation involved any amount of vibration , like using a hole saw in plywood . I have a DeWalt drill with a keyless chuck and it stays tight in the same circumstances.For some reason DeWalt includes a cheap plastic storage case with some drills but not with others . The cases are made of very flimsy material with crude fasteners . Buying one for a drill that comes only with its cardboard box involves spending nearly $ 40 . Milwaukee and Makita provide sturdy plastic cases with their drills so I do n't know why DeWalt does not do the same .
 I found this drill unusable and I returned it . The first time I used the drill I squeezed the trigger slowly , but it seemed to jump from no power to almost full power . I used the side handle and two hands as recommended , but the drill spun uncontrollably and caused a large bruise on my right hand and a bruised finger on the other hand . Fortunately I did n't suffer any permanent injury . The manual warns , `` Always expect a stall . Grip the drill firmly with both hands to control twisting action and avoid injury . '' But even with both hands I was not able to control it . This drill may be fine for experienced construction professionals , but I would caution novices from buying it .
 I just ordered this via the Anthem Tools Amazon storefront . The part number -LRB- Porter Cable BN18200 -RRB- and picture are that of the
 I bought one of these for my father , a retired electrician who occasionally still takes jobs . At first , he loved this little drill . The only shortcomings he noticed in the beginning were the lack of a keyless chuck and the fact that the paddle-switch could be dangerous if you were n't paying close attention to what you were doing . In the end though , what became this drills downfall was the cheap construction inside the housing . After only a few jobs , a plastic component around the motor cracked , allowing the teeth to slip under strain . A DeWalt service shop charged ... to fix this problem . The second hole it drilled after that caused the gears to give out . It was a great idea , but DeWalt needs to send this one back to the design board for more work ... I wish now that I had spent the extra money on the bigger DeWalt right angle drill .
 I 'm an Industrial Technology teacher and have access to many new tools . I am very disappointed with this Dewalt Product . I still do n't understand why they did n't put a reversable switch on this unit . It would have been great for installing and removing Kitchen cabinets . Moreover , when using spade bits to drill through flooring , you periodically need to `` back '' the bit up to remove it when it becomes bound . I think a better purchase would be a temporary 90 degree chuck that mounts to a portable drill . Be very careful when setting this unit on the ground ... it 's super easy to hit the start switch and if you 've got a large spade bit in the chuck `` watch out !! '' I also would like to see a variable speed adjustment as this drill does create a lot of torque and can easy twist and sprain you wrist if you 're not anticipating it .
 Horrible little drill !!!! No variable speed , no reverse !!! You better be perfect because god forbid you must back a screw out , no reverse . Hard to start screws w/o variable speed . I replaced this drill w / bosch 's 1132vsr rt. angle drill . I am happy with the bosch , it is head and shoulders above the dewalt . I gave the Dewalt to my father in-law .
 I purchased this drill two years ago when it first came out . While this drill is certainly heavy duty , it has been a disappointment . It has a very dangerous switch which is easily turned on when you are working in awkward positions , as typical with right angle drills . Also , it lacks variable speed and reverse which was not clear in the description when I bought it . My brother has a Milwaukee -LRB- made by Sioux -RRB- right angle drill which is hands down better which I would recommend instead .
 I own this particular drill , although it is a powerful drill for a compact right angle drill , the major draw back for me is the non-reversing feature . What I have needed to use it for mostly is driving in screws in compact areas such as the inside of cabinets . If there is a need to remove the screw for adjustment of what you are working with you are really up a creek . Other than that it is also not variable speed which is not critical but would definitely be a plus if it were variable speed . I would recommend the makita model although not as powerful it has all the things the dewalt model lacks . P.S. . A friend of mine has this drill and while trying to change the bit with the drill plugged in accidentally hit the trigger driving the chuck key deep into his hand . VERY PAINFUL !
 The plastic gard around the chuck is strange and there is no reverse . It might be ok for wood .
 The large paddle switch that covers the handle makes it difficult to grab the drill without turning it on . Switching the bit out -LRB- with a keyed chuck -RRB- , I got my hand caught in the chuck key , grabbed the handle , and off to the medic.And no variable speed means its more difficult to drive screws without stripping them , and no reverse means you 're back to the manual screwdriver . C'mon dewalt .
 I recently purchased the DeWalt DW160V , the drill works ok but the shroud around the chuck with the three openings to access the chuck is a dangerous hazard because it creates a bad pinch point , I am a Millwright of more than 40 years and have used the Black & Decker Industrial but this was not on them and should have been left off because instead of making it safer it was made more hazardous .
 I consider this one of the most dangerous tools in my shop and will soon be replaced . This tool was poorly designed and is unsafe .
 We bought this drill to upgrade from our weaker , cordless drill . I 'm a 25 year old woman , with quite a bit of experience with power tools , and this was just way too strong for me . The version we got did n't have variable speeds , as some folks mention in their reviews . The speed was only
 rather get the DW272 . I do n't know if it was an isolated instance , but I could n't keep the nose assembly tight . I believe the threads were stripped , and it would n't stay tight.The DW272 has not had the same problem . When I purchased it , my instinct said `` plastic is n't durable and it looks like it could be weak at the nose '' , and well in this case it proved to be true.I certianly would n't rate the DeWalt tools based on the quality of this drill/driver ... they make better products , I own many ... and will continue to buy them .
 I went out and got this for a deck I was putting up . After owning the DeWalt DW 257 for 24 hours and using it to screw down 5/8 pressure treated deck boards to 2X12 joists the thing wrung itself completely in half . Immagine the look on the clerks face when I returned the gear / clutch assembly in one hand and the body in the other . Needless to say I got a refund and bought something else . While I love my DeWalt framing nailer and a DeWalt / Emglo compressor I 'm now leary of buying yellow ...
 As a remodeling contractor , I bought this DeWalt model primarily for drywall , and find it way too high powered for that application . The RPMs are too high for setting screws other in an open field -LRB- I found myself dropping this DeWalt tool and picking up my old cordless 3/8 '' Makita variable speed reversable all-purpose drill to set screw in corners and along joints where I needed better control and lower RPMs than the DeWalt would give me -RRB- . This DeWalt may work for deck screws , but I never gave it a chance for that application before dropping it from my tool collection so frustrated with its drywall application . Hybrid tools are compromises - If you want a drywall screwdriver , buy one that 's designed only for that purpose .
 Bought this item new , never tried it because the nose piece was so cheep !!!! Could not adjust tip for drywall , could only set screws to deep . Plastic tip would n't even stay on screw gun and never used , what happens when if you used it at all the time . Big trouble if you ever dropped it by accident . I ` am sending it back . I love all my other tools from Dewalt , would back them all up , but this one . I hope this is n't the way Dewalt is going with there products .
 Upon opening the shipping package , I noted the Dewalt box was torn and wrinkled , suggesting it had been previously opened . Removing the drill from the -LRB- previously opened -RRB- plastic bag , I noted the drill had marks and mud on the body and electric cord . The electrical cord had been sloppily re-wrapped . So , this was n't a case of a buyer opening the box , deciding they did n't want the drill , then returning it . The buyer had used the drill for some period of time . MidAtlantic Merchant sent me a USED drill , but I paid for a NEW . This is my first and last purchase from MidAtlantic Merchant .
 When I bought my HDTV antenna , it came with a small amplifier , which I connected before the amplified splitter that divides the signal to three TV sets . One of the sets does n't get a couple of local digital channels , or have intermittent reception . I just thought that replacing that small amplifier with a more robust one would boost the signal and solve my problems , but this product did n't deliver the extra gain I needed . It worked worse than the small amplifier , and I could n't get some of the digital channels that I got before , even with the gain at maximum . What a disappointing performance .
 Scott Bounds - General Contractor / Cowen Heights , CA ----- Owner - Bounds Construction General Contracting ----- Owner - Precision Doors and Windows ----- Owner - New World Kitchen and Bath ----- Tester - SBC Tool ReviewI bought this tool and put it to the test , and it failed miserably.Fortunately our # 1 supply Yard -LRB- Ganahl Lumber -RRB- was kind enough to take this thing back -LRB- broken ! -RRB- . It was used by one of my crews for exactly six man hours before heading south!This tool is for lightweights only.If you plan on chipping stucco , tile , or plaster or plan to drill hold downs or anything more than your basic pinner hole this is the wrong tool.Need to hammer any concrete , plan on all day if it does n't break first.Our company owns models made by AEG , Bosch , and Milwaukee that far outperform this tool @ the same price or less.My new Milwaukee 18v cordless drill on hammer setting will out drill this thing and it does n't have 110v ac pushing it . For relatively the same price you will be much happier with a Bosch Bulldog comparable model . Sorry , DeWalt , but you ca n't supply poor tools and rest on your laurels.For the record I am completely unbiased and own other Dewalt tools that perform well , just not this one ! --------- GO LAKERS -------- SB
 I purchased this tool last March using it ocassionally . On one ocassion I chipped mortar off some cinder block so I could frame a door opening . Then I used it to drill 5/16 '' x 2 '' deep holes in brick to install shutters . The other day I used it to hammer-drill 15 , 1/2 '' holes in concrete to assist with cutting out a slot in 8 '' concrete to allow underground power to go up a wall to the main panel on a new house . I used it for about 45 minutes , with a few breaks for me to rest . Then I pulled out the chisel for this tool and used the hammer selection along with a sledge hammer to bust out the concrete . It did great until I started smelling something burning . The black oil started showing up in the chuck on the drill bits . Now it is off to DeWalt for repair . Should last longer than this . Dissappointing .
 I am a retired bricklayer . I do many odd jobs now to keep me busy . I bought this toolbecause I thought it would be a help in my line of work . It performed miserably . I used it to mix some grout for a tile floor . On the second pail of grout , the drill burned out . Do n't buy this item . You will be totally disappointed . Go with the bosch SDS hammer . It is a much better item .
 I 've ordered other Denali products , including 2 different style loppers and the wood borer kit which were very high quality and incredible bargains . If this tool was n't so rusty , it would have been nice too . I did n't think aluminum rusted , so I wonder what it is really made of or had added to the aluminum . Anyway , I 'm returning it and NOT asking for a replacement .
 I must say that I was somewhat disappointed in this item . It is made out of cheap galvanized sheet metal , and looks to be worth about a quarter of what Delta is charging for it . Worse still , it does not fit my Special Edition Unisaw all that well -- there are significant gaps at the sides of the piece , and the bottom of the connector does n't fit snugly against the dust ramp on the Unisaw . As a final indignity , they include the wrong type of screws to attach it to the saw . -LRB- I had to go buy two hex head bolts , washers , and nuts at the local hardware store in order to attach it . -RRB- I kept mine , because I do so much work with my Unisaw that I really need to attach my dust collector to it , but Delta definitely needs to go back to the drawing board on this one .
 Unless you have industrial-type 5 '' dust collector lines , get the Model 50-355 , also sold here , instead . In spite of what it says on the 50-355 page , it works fine for both left-tilt and right-tilt Unisaws . The 4 '' port on the 50-355 is also the standard size for home shop dust collection systems .
 In the photo it appears the dust chute comes straight out of the connector . However , the chute is at a right angle to the saw where the chute connects and did not work with my collection application so I could not use it .
 I purchased the insert with certainty from both Amazon.com and Delta that this is the right insert for my saw . There is only one problem , it is too large to fit in the saw . It is approximately 1/4 '' too long . In comparing it with the insert that came with the saw it is visibly larger . The only solution appears to be to grind it down as other reviewers have noted on the insert for the 8 '' Dado sets . While it can be done , it is disappointing for something that should simply drop in .
 Its delivered to your house and you think that you are now ready to cut dadoes on your table saw , and for making dadoes on large peices of plywood , your right . However , do not be fooled like I was when you think you are ready for all dado cuts with this insert . When you try to cut a more detailed cut such as a tongue and groove joint , where the height of the dado will not be hidden , you will notice that the insert is far from flush with the top of the table , making the height of the cut on smaller peices noticeably inconsistent . To fix this problem , I had to run out to my local hardware store , fork out more of my money to replace the four very small screws that came with the insert , and play with them to get the height flush . The unfortunate part is that these screws have to be just about perfect in length to make this adjustment or the heads of the screws will stick out beyond the countersunk holes . What I would really like to know is how a company with such a reputable name like Delta , can manufacture an insert for its own table saw and still require the consumer to make adjustments like this ? Frankly , I am growing tired of building quality furniture with tools that lack the same quality .
 I own a Delta 10 '' Professional model table saw . One of the first and most necessary accessories I bought was a dado blade which entailed buying the table insert . After double checking model numbers , etc. to make sure I was buying the right thing , I got it home and it did n't fit . I had to use my angle grinder and quite a bit of time to make it fit . The insert works great now , but it was extremely frustrating having to `` custom fit '' it to my table saw , especially when the model number was supposed to fit properly .
 I 'm sure this throat plate is fine for the correct saw , but Amazon has poor lableing . I had to return it . Listing it as the insert for ` Delta Contractors Saws ' is an error . It fits right-tilt contractors saws , not left tilt . The left-tilt contractors saw throat plate is listed as the one for left-tilt Delta Unisaw , but is the right item for their left tilt contractors saw as well .
 I purchased my left-tilt Unisaw late last spring . When the guard is folded back and the blade tilted , the splitter catches in the rear rail and jambs , damaging the splitter . I was having trouble getting a quality bevel cut and discovered that the blade went out of alignment with the miter slots when tilted . Delta says .015 '' is acceptable but mine goes out more . Test custs showed that even at .015 , the cut quality was unacceptable . Generals and Powermatics seem to be within .001 '' at all settings from the factory . I ended up having custom table shims made to get it in alignment withing .001 '' at both 90 and 45 -LRB- it goes out about .005 '' between the two extremes -RRB- . Delta 's machinist told me the miter slots were not machined right and their rep admited they had quality control problems with the wings resulting in excess shimming . Replacement tops and wings were sent and were either dished or were rusted and had to be replaced again . Biesemeyer has replaced the rear rail several times because of errors in drilling the mounting holes.In DECEMBER , the situation was turned over to the local rep who insisted this would never happen if he had been involved from the begining . He finally took care of the top and wings but forgot to order a new guard . When he was reminded to get the guard , he ordered the wrong one . Still waiting for the right one . Also noticed Delta had completely missed a weld on the mobile base causing the saw to be unstable.Delta had me take three vacation days to meet their machinist who said he thought the quality was unacceptable and I was not being unreasonable . Countless evenings and weekends later , we may be in the home stretch once the final parts come in ... of course , now it 's FEBRUARY of the following year.Once all the major issues were corrected , the saw performs reasonably well . However , it seems if you want high quality , you need to buy General or Powermatic and if you want to save money , buy Jet or one of the reputable imports . Time is to valuable to be wasted like this .
 I finally gave up on Delta power tools due to poor quality and reliability . Even if made in the USA -LRB- the only possible benefit -RRB- , there are many brands and options that are far better and still reasonably priced . Delta tools are discount store junk that lack basic features and operational usefulness . They lack accuracy , reliability , and are poorly built . Don Rose should be ashamed to recommend them even if he is getting paid big bucks to do so .
 Spreader seems to work fine after you get it lined up with blade . That is a matter of trial and error . Since Biesemeyer is owned by Delta , and Delta makes the Unisaw , one would thing the spreader mounting braket could be designed to self align with the bade . For the price it should .
 The first unit would not allow the spreader to snap/lock into it 's frame , so I returned it and just received another one which the spreader locked into OK . After installing and straightening the item to the table , the spreader was offset from the blade by more than 1/8th of an inch , ... top and bottom ! Due to the resctictive lower bolt hole , in this device , there is no lateral adjustment available to line the spreader up with the blade . I have a 2006 left tilt 36-L31X Unisaw and according to the information for this item , it should have worked on my saw . I contacted Delta for advise ... they had no answer , and said to return the item . I noticed that the spreader metal is quite soft as it was not straight right out of the box . I suppose this may be for minor adjustments . The anti kick back units are also quite soft as one of those was bent and laying against the spreader . Definitely not the quality of Delta of yesteryear !
 I 've had this mobile base for five years . The concept is great ; a low profile base for occasional moving of a heavy tool , but sturdy and immobile during use . Unfortunately , the extension on the wheel lift suffered a broken weld after a couple of years use . Since I only moved the saw four times , that 's unacceptable performance . There 's only a small weld that fixes the extension bar to the lift plate , so check it carefully if you get one of these bases or you may face an expensive repair later !
 This base was advertised for the 20-729 -- 732 table -LRB- cabinet saws -RRB- IT DOES NOT FIT THESES SAWS !!!! if you need the base for this saw order the Delta 50-729 base + extension for longer rails if needed.I will say that it appears to be well built and would be fine IF IT FIT MY SAW
 The Delta 50-289 comes up as a suggested purchase when buying a Unisaw with a 52 '' fence . This is NOT the correct base for this saw . The correct one is the Delta 50-257Delta Industrial 50-257 for 36-L352 or 36-L552 Unisaws with 52-Inch Biesemeyer Fence
 I am disgusted ! This is a decent built base however , it will not fit a Delta Unisaw with the cast iron base extension . The saw I am I using is an older Unisaw . I called Delta Tech assistance and was told they do not make a base for the older Unisaws . I also asked if they receive the same question often and the answer was `` yes . '' I did not see any technical info about this on Amazon.com when I ordered this item . I did not have the time to build my own mobile base and thought I would save some time by purchasing this item . I now have to spend a few hours cutting it apart and making it wider to fit my saw . I feel this item is misrepresented by not informing the would be buyer that it may not work for their saw . I am still disgusted !!!
 Unfortunately , the middle caster assembly developed so much play that it is not able to lift the base high enough to move the saw on my concrete floor.I 'm going to have to try to see if Delta will provide me a replacement part , but the caster assembly part number identified in the manual is listed as `` not found or no longer available '' on their on-line parts catalog .
 Unit flexes at the point where extension joins the main base . This leads to an unstable and potentially dangerous operation of saw and router . I noticed that Delta produces this unit in China -LRB- no intentions to bash China -RRB- and it is likely that inferior -LRB- soft -RRB- steel was used , or at minimum a gauge of steel that is inappropriately thin for this application . I do n't trust this base and am now looking at a replacement -LRB- HTC/made in the US ? -RRB-
 Wish I could say good things , but Amazon ca n't seem to get it right here.Take off one star for the fact that the extension for this base , when assembled , is not parallel to the main part of the base.Take off one star for the fact that the base comes with no instructions on how to actually mount the saw onto the base.Take off one star for the fact that the 50-289 mobile base does not fit the 36-L552 Unisaw with the Biesemeyer fence . It is even recommended as an `` item frequently bought together '' with this saw . I even confirmed this with `` Vinnie '' at the Amazon 866-876-8073 `` help '' line . When the saw arrived , I measured things up and things did not seem right . I called Delta Tech Support at 800-223-7278 and `` Fred '' advised me that the correct mobile base was the 50-273 mobile base.From reading other posts , apparently this is not the first time this has happened . So a word to the wise
 I have another stock feeder from which I base my comments . The support arm structure is cludgy to set up proper tension against stock . Motor is under powered and gets hot to the touch after 45 min . -LRB- I 'm feeding small pieces and taking off very little material -RRB- . Wheels are not round and made of a material that far inferior to true rubber wheels . I had to sand down the wheels just so they would grip the stock . It claims 46 fpm but my other feeder -LRB- max 42 fpm -RRB- pushes stock through faster . This is more a toy than a tool . If I could return it I would .
 THIS ITEM COMES WITH NO HARDWARE.IT SHOULD AT LEAST COME WITH MOUNTING HDW FOR THE SHELF .
 The saw has sufficiant power and some good features . Advertisments lead you to believe the saw will handle 2X -LRB- nominal -RRB- stock . The saw will make a 45 * cut with the arm swung to the left but with the arm positioned to the right the stock will not reach the fence without contacting the blade . 1 '' stock works well . The supplied partical board table was warped and is still on back order since Feb. . Several calls to customer support , the solution was to offer a full refund toward the purchase price of the 220 volt 12 saw . If your needs include cutting greater than 5/4 consider the 12 '' saw .
 A couple of years ago I bought this machine . In the first week of use the arbor -LRB- sticking out on the right side -RRB- caught the power cord as I pulled the blade toward me . The protective plastic had spun off the arbor earlier ... so the metal chewed right into the electrical wire . The biggest concern I had was the potential run-away blade due to the wire wrapping into something . I called customer service and they did n't seem to care . I visited a big chain store recently and tried to see if anything had changed ... it had n't . On a display model I easily replicated the incident -LRB- without the power on -RRB- . Delta needs to make the cord coiled , or shorter , or longer . Maybe the Consumer Product Safety Commission will tell them so after someone gets hurt . I sent mine back . It was too dangerous .
 The adjustment screws were not able to be used , and this is too bad , since the insert itself was not uniformly the same thickness . One corner stood above the table top , even with the adjustment screw totally removed . This was not a useable item . I 'm sorry that I bought it . You can do much better by making one of your own out of plywood , which is what I ended up doing .
 I bought this base and never installed it . The idea of clamping a power feeder to a machine table never seemed safe to me and also you are limited to a corner mount . Instead get an extra base from Delta , part number 1347994 will get another base for $ 34.47 . Then you just unscrew the power feeder from one base and screw it to down on another base .
 bought both these , mount broke & the feed would n't even power up.have called & called but no one will return my call.WHY ?
 Well ... After 5 FAILED attempts to get an UNDAMAGED outfeed table delivered , i 'm going for number 6 . I should give up , up this item is handy and i cut a lot of plywood . -LRB- i should just give up and build one myself . -RRB- It seems that no one can get the largest table part delivered in one piece . All 5 have arrived damaged in one way or another . The last attempt , direct from Delta , was the worst . The part was shattered in several places , almost beyond recognition.Needless to say , I 'm VERY disappointed .
 How can a packing box have no damage and the contents have damaged corners ? Mine does and the box is in great condition.I just got mine and it has damaged corners . Maybe the table is damaged prior to packaging ? I will be able to repair but , the price is high for the quality .
 I got this when I ordered my Delta saw several years ago . After using it , I 've decided to build my own . The unit seems to have developed a slight bow with time .
 I 've seen some off-shore poor-quality product sold by Delta in the past - I know it 's what you need to do to compete in this market , but this out-feed table is the worst . Besides the enormous amount of time that it takes to install , adjust , re-adjust etc , the quality of the table and laminate is garbage . The shipping from Amazon left minor damage around the edges . Laminate peeling , cracked , etc - but parts missing is no excuse . I knew that my options were to return it or exchange from Amazon , so I decided to call Delta directly who told me it would be several months until the new part was released and on top of all that - I had to pay for it . When they sent me to the warranty call center , they simply sent me back to the general info number . I can now see that Delta is no different than any of the off-shore clone woodworking products that are out there . You are for sure better off building your own in this case . It 's not close to the quality of the machine that it couples up with , in my case an older Unisaw . Sorry Delta !
 This product arrived from CPO Delta by UPS . The corners of the folding portion of the out feedtable were damaged in shipping . The instructions are poorly written and overly complicated . The dado grooves for the mitre gauge are excessively large and I intend to fit these with hardwood fillers with the appropriate dado . On the plus side , the fixed portion of the table extension is very handy and the folding feature works great and is very stable . I 'm glad that I 've added this feature to my Unisaw .
 This is one item I would recommend people purchase from a local dealer not Amazon . Like another reviewer mentioned the packaging is terrible . I received mine and the small stationary wooden top of the table was broken into three parts even though the external packaging showed no real damage . This part breaks where it has grooves routed into it across its width , it is so badly supported I would expect it to get broken in shipment more often than not . The movable part of the table top also had some cosmetic damage . Amazon has been helpful but a replacement top arrived damaged as well . I just ended up making my own parts to fix it . The table is actually pretty good and I needed a fold down table given lack of space in my garage .
 I hate to talk bad about an American company But this product is Junk , South of Boarder , Bargain basement 99cent store junk , Shame on you Delta . The packing for this product , , , , , Oops ... What packing ... I received mine with damaged corners but the shipping box did n't show any signs of damage , , , , , , Hum . and for Delta a company the make very high quality tools , I am very sad to see a MDF -LRB- fiber board -RRB- table ... Not a multi lam 15 ply type board it should have been made from . But the design it self is great , it folds away with ease and has channels for the miter gauge and blade guard . Delta just got cheap with a product that is n't cheap to buy , , , , , , , , Just be aware it 's function is great the hardware is great , the table ... !
 First one arrived and the table was bowed badly . Amazon is awesome and quickly sent out a second . Second one was bowed just as bad and had a smashed corner . With the laminated top , I figure you 're stuck with a bow no matter what . I decided to go ahead and install the first one . I can always build my own `` flat '' table and swap it in . If you have a new unisaw , be prepared for some serious issues : - Instructions are written incorrectly to begin with . They have left and right tilting images swapped . - Forget about the dimensions that they provide for punching holes in the back of your saw . If you follow the instructions , the brackets wo n't fit correctly . - Once you have the brackets mounted , you 'll realize that one of the angled struts interferes with the dust collection outlet . There is no possible way to avoid it with both struts without modification . I had to increase the length of the slots in the brackets in order to span the dust collection outlet . I ended up with some extra holes to plug in the back of my new saw . Thanks Delta . - Have fun trying to bolt the lower end of the strut to the saw . The area inside the cabinet is blocked off by sheet metal -LRB- welded -RRB- to assist in dust removal . If your crazy , perhaps you can gain access by flipping your 700 pound saw over and going from the bottom . I opted for screws . Not the prefered way . - After you mount the bowed table with leg , you 'll then realize you ca n't fold it down since the leg mechanism will interfere with the dust collection outlet . Un-freekin believeable . More mods required . To add further humor , the leg is not long enough if you have your saw on the wheel kit.After all of this . The concept is there and with the numerous mods , it works nice . It is a huge benefit in a garage to be able to fold down that much surface area . Just be prepared to spend alot of time setting this up .
 The rip fence does n't track well with this extension . This is a major flaw that makes the extension less useful . The cost of the extension is way out of line for the quality .
 This is a very poorly made accessory for the lower end Delta table saws . The mill work done after the casting is poor at best . My does not fit the table saw the way it should . When the extension is leveled to the work surface , the fence needs to be coaxed past the joint due to the poor fit . Delta does not seem to spend much time or money producing a quality for their low end power tools . My next power tool purchase will be from another company .
 This is a very poorly made accessory . The machining done after the casting does not fit to the table saw . It is not even the sane dimension as the table saw it is suppose to fit . This causes the fence to not fit correctly and must be checked front and back before making cuts . If you install it flush with the bed of the table saw the fence has to be coaxed past the joint . It seems that Delta does not want to spend the time or money to produce a quality accessory for their lower end table saws . I do not think that my next purchase will be any Delta product .
 I purchased the Delta 36-519 steel stand for my table sawin October of 2001 . When I received it , at first I thoughtthey sent me the wrong stand . No that was the stand alright.Here is why you may wish to consider avoiding buying thisstand . The stand pictured above is gray and it has two boltsfor each support upper and lower . Mine had one bolt persupport . That in itself would not be a major problem but whatis the problem is that the metal they used is around thethickness of cheap sheet metal . If you put the stand togetherand pick it up it shakes like jello.The person that wrote the reveiw that liked the stand may havebought it when perhaps it once was the stand pictured above orof a better quality .
 This screwdriver was very disappointing . I was shocked when I first handled it . It could honestly be considered a toy screwdriver . Ratcheting gear is extremely weak and shaft is very hollow . Like I say very cheap , I have never used a Klein tool before and I doubt I would ever use another one after this . If you are looking for a professional tool . . Beware !
 I 've Had this saw for about two years . I need to get something else . The thing that bothers me most about this saw is that theres alot of blade wobble . It drives me crazy . At the begining and end of every cut the board is narrower . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I ordered two of this item and received them in a week . They are too big and do not fit my Master mark IV 1B1 Valve . I wasted the money on the two items and the shipping charge . I think the vendor should give the dimension of the item on the description to avoid this misfortune from happening again .
 Bought this for price and name . Know what you 're getting . The two piece fence is difficult to true up . The sharp edges on the table ribs catch any imperfection in the workpiece and make it hard to move smoothly . The mechanism to lock the head in place raises the head 1/16 '' and angles it closer to the fence by 1/32 '' . OK for real low precision work .
 I was truly amazed to see this kind of low quality equippment at that price from Delta . I 've returned this item after completing the assembly -LRB- did not even turn it on -RRB- . 1 . The table 's ragged edges gave me a cut on my fingers . 2 . The two adjustable fences are hard to adjust and cutch on the table surface when you try to move them - especially annoying when trying to do fine adjustments . 3 . The locking mechanism will lock the motor assembly after having slightly readjusted your adjustments .4 . The miter gage groove -LRB- miter gage not included -RRB- is not smooth and the gage catches the small ` imperfections ' . 5 . The motor height adjustment screw is what put me over the edge
 I wish I had read the previous reviews before I bought this tool . I would have run the other way . First it is almost impossible to get the machine out of the styrofoam . It took two of us pulling for a couple of minutes . The fences are extremely hard to aline . The edges are extremely sharp on the top and scratch your wood . You have to push the wood thru the bit so hard because the top catches the wood and wo n't let it slide . I have noticed the spindle actually moves backward when running wood through . I am a professional carpenter who was lookin for a light machine to use on the jobsite , so I guess I will have to just keep looking . This machine also needs a variable speed or at least a couple of more speed settings . does not produce a clean cut on smaller bits .
 If you want a router table and simply ca n't afford better then go for this thing . It has one speed , difficult to adjust fences and stock gets stuck on the ribbed table . Why do you think Norm Abrams replaced his with a home made version . If you do decide to buy , get rid of the two pieces of wood they call fences and replce them with one piece . The maybe , just maybe you 'll be able to route something accurate .
 Turns too slowly at 12.500 to produce clean cuts with small bits . Probably underpowered as a real shaper . Its NOT a Router / or a Shaper ! Its not a good buy .
 This is not a quality piece of equipment , but I liked it for two reasons
 I too wish I had read the reviews about this machine before I bought . Like most all of the reviews I have now read , I agree with them all . Lousy fence , height adjustment and sharp ribbed top . I guess you get what you pay for ; but do n't buy this one . I expected more from Delta .
 I purchased this without looking at the reviews , boy I wish I had . This is not up to Delta 's rebutation . The fence is terrible and I consider it unsafe . The grooves on the top have too many sharp edges . Larger bits do not work with the size of the opening.The only thing I like is the thought put into the two wrenches to change the bits . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Received item promptly , that 's where the good things end . As expected assembly took several hours . Fussing to get table parallel and square to blade proved to be an execise in futility . Nothing on the unit is straight , square or flat . The upper bar the rail rides on was concave 1/8 th inch in on either end . Unacceptable when cutting sheet stock that needs to be square . The upper rail also tilted down several degrees when attached to the side of my contractors saw , I ca n't imagine that being part of the design . When I made crosscuts on material results were inconsistent . Overall quality and performance was poor . If I had known it was an import I would never have bought it . Now I must pack up an eighty pound box and schlepp off to UPS at Chrismas time to return it . Stay away from Deta imports !
 I could not wait to install my new sliding table what a nightmare could not get anything to line up right . first thing I thought of was to send it back , but I like the idea of it so I was determined to make it work . To all out there this is not a boltup and go item First thing was to bore 1/8in over clearance holes in the main tube that bolts to the saw table I did this so you can level it to your table front to back otherwise there is no ajustment.The measurment in the book for the lower guiderail is wrong now my saw has an extra set of holes in it.the table went together ok until you mounted it on the rails , talk about out of square . The table was 3/8 of an inch out of square from my saw table when looking at it from the infeed of the saw , had to remove the railrollers and shim them to square them up.thank god the rollers are asentric to ajust the the table height . After all that the table works great.Delta needs to look at there quality control standards for this product.Items that cost this much should bolt right on with minimal set up time.Happy woodworking
 I bought a Delta Unisaw about four years ago . It is a great machine . At the same time I purchased the sliding table . The sliding table sat in the box until now because I hated to cut off the Beisemeyer fence and table extensions on the side the sliding table mounts to . I finally decided that the sliding table would be a functional addition so I began the process of installing it . I have at least 6 hours into the installation and I 'm not sure that I will be able to get the table installed accurately enough to be acceptable . The table is not flat in any direction . The tube which the rollers grip runs away from the blade over .001 inches . I 've shimmed and rebraced but ... And how much is '' ... slightly above the saw table . '' I agree with another reviewer who advised watching imported Delta tools carefully . I purchased the tenon jig with the saw and then sent it back -LRB- imported -RRB- because it was just a big chunk of greasy steel , with adjustment knobs that did not clear nearby pieces of the jig . I wish I would have looked at the sliding table in time to send it back . Come on Delta , quit making accessories that do not live up to the Unisaw standard !
 I 'm writing this review about a year and a half after I removed the sliding table from my table saw . I should have written this review at that time . First off I 'd like to say that a sliding table makes a table saw nearly twice as useful . Unless its a Delta sliding table . My problems were the following1 -RRB- Particle board table was warped2 -RRB- Main roller rod had to be replaced.Poor surface coating3 -RRB- Your were never really positive of a square fence4 -RRB- Very difficult to make sure table surface was square5 -RRB- Handle screws were stripped6 -RRB- table locking mechanism was sloppy5 -RRB- Main support rod takes up a huge amount of floor space6 -RRB- Overall design was poorI recently purchased a Jessem Mast-r-slide and I 'm loving it . Its built and designed much better . The Delta model worked , but its just not worth the headache . Delta really needs to update their sliding table and work on their quality assurance . I gave this one away . It was n't worth selling . I just wish I would have known that before I sunk the cash into it .
 I bought a Delta contractor saw about 8 years ago and I bought the sliding table attachment along with it . It was a pretty complicated set up and took me about 2 days to get it set up . At first I loved this thing it worked great . I 've found out over the years that this thing wo n't hold it 's settings for very long at all . I 'd have to readjust it about once a year . And of course it 's complicated enough that I would have to learn how to do it again . It usually took about a day to get it right . I always seemed to ruin something before I would get frustrated enough to tune it up again . I finally just took it off and made a sliding cutoff jig , it only took me 7 years to come to that conclusion . As I sit here writing this I 'm wondering it if the vibration from my contractor style saw is the culprit . Maybe it would have held it 's settings if it was on a cabinet style saw .
 The good news
 Very poor construction for the price . Unit was bent on arrival , and refund policy was not followed for a return of a defective item .
 My fence arrived after many weeks of waiting . The box contained a set of fine looking parts . I have no idea if they are all there , however . NO INSTRUCTIONS . What I received looked very much like what is shown in the photo -LRB- above -RRB- , plus some nice nuts and bolts and handles.Thanks , Delta . -LRB- NOT -RRB- ... updated 10/17/06 ... `` instructions '' arrived about a week and a half after my call to Delta . I received a copy of the instructions for the belt sander -LRB- which do not address the fence -RRB- and two pages -LRB- somewhat -RRB- related to the fence.The fence instructions have a picture of the assembly that is roughly the size of a U.S. commemorative postage stamp , along with an intermeshed parts list for both the fence and the miter gage . -LRB- They indicate that 31-691 contains both , but in fairness , the Amazon ad states that only the fence is provided . -RRB- No description of how to put the thing together was given . ` Not even a picture of which part goes where.I did finally manage to assemble the fence , discovering that one of the spring-loaded adjustment levers was broken . The `` instructions '' were of no use.I strongly recommend that , if you need a fence , you make your own . There are two handy threaded holes on the side of the belt sander for attachment of your own creation.ah hindsight .
 I use my Stanley Fat Max Extreme on a daily basis . I measure houses as part of my job room by room 2 to 3 a day , I purchased my Fat Max extreme Nov 2009 as of May 2011 , The unit is no longer smooth on the return . It is easy to see in low light , the stand out is still about 12 feet . But the Fat Max it replaced had a lot longer life.The plus side the company does warrant the product , I have neaver had a problem with an exchange , but with this said , When your in the field and working you do not want to be caught short a tape.I always carry extra tapes in my car.My back up Fat max has been working for 5 years with out problems .
 I 'm a carpenter by trade , bought this tape thinking it was a FATMAX upgrade . Instead it was inferior to the standard FATMAX tape measure in every way , and they ask more money for it !!! It lasted 2-3 months -LRB- working mostly outside -RRB- before the tape began to rust and the printed increments started to delaminate . I still have it as a reminder of what a ripoff this product was .
 This tape was almost new when the end got caught in a crack between two boards . I pulled it out with some moderate force - not nearly enough to damage the tape - so I thought . The result was that the tape now automatically twists and collapses when extended making it totally useless as a normal carpenter tape measure . I believe the cause is poor-quality steel in the tape itself . I do n't recommend this product .
 With limited use , my 35 ' FatMax did n't last two years before it broke at the 10 '' mark . The tape was only used by me around the house and was not abused or misused . I wo n't be purchasing another one .
 I do n't use it every day so ca n't comment on durability but it 's very annoying to have the tape lock come undone so easily . It does n't really lock completely at all . Poorly designed .
 I received two of these for my sons . One of them lasted but the other broke the first week he had it . I bought them because they were suppose to be heavy duty for construction use . Could n't return the bad one as that son lives out of state . Really disappointed in the quality .
 I have owned two of these . The first I figured was a lemon . The second confirmed that Stanley needs to rethink this product . Junk , junk , junk .
 I bought this sander a few years ago , and was reasonably happy with it . It did not get heavy or continuous use , it was primarily just for hobby work . The motor burned out for seemingly no reason , this sander was never abused , not did it have that many hours of use , even though I had it for about 3 years . There 's just no excuse for the motor to fail , other than poor quality from the manufacturer .
 First motor was under warranty and it was replaced , but I had to carry it to the repair shop which was 30 miles from my shop . Next motor lasted 13 months and it burned out , plus the capacitor burned up and 2 bearings were worn to the point of needing replacing . I think it was good that Black & Decker bought Delta Tools maybe they will improve the quality of the tools .
 The unit performs pretty well although the table is hard to adjust . For the price , I feel that it does as well as one can expect ; however , 7 months after the warranty expired , the motor burned out ! I used it very little during the 2.6 years that I owned it ; maybe twice a month for 10 min , so it 's not as if it served a long distinguished career . I probably got a lemon ; my experience with Delta equipment has generally been positive.I called the Delta repair center
 I just rewrapped this sanding station and sent it back to Amazon to recieve my refund . I do n't think they make this sander anymore - it 's not listed on the Delta website - so I think they 're trying to get rid of their old beat-up stock . The sander they sent me looked like it was a return . It came in an old , sorry looking box that had been retaped several times , there were parts missing , parts substituted for the ones listed in the manual -LRB- i.e. the wrong size washers -RRB- . And to top everything , the cast iron base of the belt sander assembly was cracked , with a big chunk of metal missing from it . The missing chunk was not in the box which proves it was shipped from Delta in this condition . I will never buy another Delta product .
 Like the othert Delta products I have purchased . . I was excited when my new sander arrived . It assembled well , and looked impressive . Until I snapped the power switch and the motor would not turn . Smoke came out of the motor . I shut the unit down , and double checked everything , again ! The motor turned freely by hand , but turn it on . and it would lock . Called support , 30 days later recieved a new motor and installed it . This motor started right up and as I almost got excited , it slowed and stopped . Then did the same thing as the first ! I boxed it up , and sent it back . 2 failed motors , over 30 days , and I was still not able to use it ! No thank you ! Hope this helps !
 I wish Jet made one of these . I 've about decided to give up on Delta.It is a strange philosophy to try to sell inferior tools with inferior instructions to us craftsman `` perfectionists '' . I received my Delta 6 '' Belt/9 '' Disc Sander this past friday so I ca n't comment on the longterm use ot the tool - but I will say that the package was pretty much falling apart when I received it . A tool that weighs 90lbs should be in a sturdy box.Then there were the assembly problems . The support stand for the frame is lettered wrong in the instructions . One page describes the parts as lettered A thru E -LRB- there are two of each letter -RRB- . The parts in the photo do not match the parts on the list . On the next page , the stand is shown assembled with parts lettered - again the letters point to thr wrong pieces . To make matters worse , the parts themselves are lettered A thru E . But these have no relevence either . As a result , at 15 minute assembly took me two hours of assembling and reassembling.The belt tensioning screw does not work but I 'll not get into those details - it would take too long to describe it.Finally , belt wonders terribly from side to side and it is very difficult to keep centered.I wonder what surprises await when I actually try to use this thing .
 The rest of the saw is ok -LRB- though I would n't pay $ 800 for it -RRB- but the safety guard is a joke . Our boss does n't want us running the saw without its guard & now cutting rails takes several hours instead of 1 or 2 .
 BEFORE YOU BUY A DELTA SAW PLEASE READ MY REVIEW ABOUT THE DELTA 36-680 . TRUST ME ITS WORTH IT AND MAY SAVE YOU FROM WHAT I HAVE TO DEAL WITH.IT TELLS WHAT I LEARNED ABOUT DELTA.ALSO I LOOKED AT THIS SAW AT STORE IN CT. . AND THE HEAP I BOUGHT -LRB- 36-680 -RRB- LOOKED MUCH BETTER . THE WINGS LOOKED CHEESEY ON THE 36-444 ALSO AND IF I -LRB- HAD TO -RRB- PICK BETWEEN THE TWO I WOULD GET THE 36-680 $ 569 . IF I KNEW WHAT I KNOW NOW I WOULDNT GET A DELTA AT ALL . THERE ARE PLENTY OF BETTER SAWS OUT THERE.WITH NO SCAMS OR LIES . -LRB- WARNING -RRB- BEWARE OF OLD SAWS WITH THE LABELS SWITCHED FOR NEW ONES . THIS IS A HONEST REVIEW.GOOD LUCK
 I ordered the Delta 10 '' Contractor 's Saw -LRB- 36-680 -RRB- and this base to go with it . Both Amazon and Delta 's websites say this base fits 10 '' Contractor 's Saws - total BS . The base of the saw is 25 '' x 28 '' , the mobile base measures 25.75 '' x 23.25 '' ... waaaaay too small . Now I have to hassle with the repack & return in order to get one that fits . And all this after having to wait nearly 3 weeks for delivery in the first place ...
 Same as previous . 36-680 does not fit on this base . I hade to go and but a universal base and will be shipping this one back .
 I purchased the Delta Sanding Belt for use on a Hitachi Belt/Disc Sander from Amazon . The seam on the belt was so poorly joined that it produced a `` bump '' as it rotated making it impossible to sand a flat surface with the belt . I threw it away . It was a waste of money . That quality of belt should not sell for almost $ 10 anyway , but more like $ 2.50 . Do not purchase Delta Sanding belts at this price point . If you want poor belts , buy cheap belts !
 After screwing in 5 or 6 screws the spring popped out and then the screws wouldnt hold anymore . Bought two of these and it did the same thing on the other one .
 What you get with this tool is a 4x36 belt sander and a 6 '' aluminum disc sander . The disc sander plate on my machine was so badly warped that I just threw it out . So you are basically getting this machine for the belt sander.This is a fair compromise , except that there is a flaw in the design that prevents one from fully using the 4x36 '' belt size . The clamping boss that holds the sander table and drum turnarounds extends above the surface of the table -LRB- like 1-1/4 '' -RRB- . This means you can not sand large flat areas over about 7 inches deep . You must saw off the boss and remount the entire table to utilize the machine like you had planned when you bought a stationary belt sander of this size.When you do so , you realize through the screws that wo n't unscrew -LRB- and which you drill out one after another -RRB- that the machine was not meant to be serviced.The drive belt pulley on the primary drum is plastic . Mine is warped , so the belt only stays on with excessive belt tension ... The motor is not sealed , has no overload protection , is clearly underpowered , and its body casting is from some other machine design , bought by Delta 's procurement people ... . This is too bad since it means you can not replace the motor . The included sanding belt is as poorly made as I have seen , so plan to get something better.This all said , after rebuilding , the machine works . I do n't exactly trust the plastic drive-belt pulley , nor do I like resetting my 40 Amp shop breaker when the machine bogs down . This is an overpriced tool that was not thoughtfully designed or carefully manufactured . This machine proves that Delta is more of a marketing company than a tool company -- they got me to buy the thing , and for this I am regretful .
 I purchased on of these at Lowes for $ 90 . Initially I attempted to used it in the horizontal position . With only very light pressure the speed would slow down drasticaly . When I removed the piece of wood I was working on the belt speed remained reduced and the motor began to smoke . On attempting to restart the motor the rpm 's remained low and I shut it off before it started smoking again . I had to start the sander with the belt disengaged and then re-engage the belt . On attempting to use the sander in a vertical position , I found that the platen would not stay vertical to the table surface . There was about 10 degrees of play in it . When I returned it to Lowes the tool manager showed me in the operating instrucions that the platen is set to vertical with respect to the FINGER GUARD , not the table . I could n't believe it . Delta expects you to use the 1 inch wide finger guard and not the table as a work surface when sanding at 90 deg . . Pathetic . Thank goodness Lowes took it back in retun or I would have had a very expensive boat anchor .
 I got this unit to sand 2 x 4 cedar for a play set . I got the unit home and desovered that half the wholes for the guards were not threaded . So I spent an hour tapping them and assembling the guards . Then I plugged it in and ... nothing.I returned it and got a new unit , within 10min the belt was slipping and a strong smell of burning rubber was smelled . then I had to hand turn the belt when switching on the unit to get it started.It has a cheap clutch and a cheap motor . save your money and buy somthing better like the Model 31-695 -LRB- That is what I plan on doing -RRB-
 Delta tools used to be good . At this point , I 'll never buy another one.Bought this a while ago , and never got around to using it -LRB- got what I thought was a good deal , bought it for `` sometime '' -RRB- So now I 'm trying to use it to true up some planes I bought off ebay . The motor is smoking under NO LOAD . This is simply appalling quality.In the process of trying to repair it , I 've found that per a previous review it is n't very easily repaired . Getting to the drive belt seems to require disassemnling the entire machine , which is absurd.Basically , no bargain even at a bargain price . I think this goes into the lessons learned category , and that lesson is never buy Delta . Sadly , they seem to be yet another American company trading off a historic reputation for quality , while putting out junk . And then wondering why they are slowly going out of business ...
 Plastic pulley slipping from start . It works as one time overload clutch . Then you have to replace it.This baby goes to garbage - no point to fix it .
 Delta should be ashamed of themselves for putting out a product as bad as this one , belt has no power and disc part is pure junk , they should be rated in the minus
 This product makes the drawer hard to open and close . Also it is not a self-closing device . There is a spring clip in the glide that is advertised to pull the drawer closed and keep it closed , but you must push the drawer to about two inches from full closing for it to work . It works well when not installed once installed-NOT ! From now on I will stick with the standard drawer closing device that has wheels and when installed at a slight downward angle actual facilitates the drawer closing.In conclusion
 Received my Delta mortiser today -LRB- for Christmas -RRB- , will be returning it first thing Monday morning . The fit and finish is very poor . In assembly , the manufacturer stripped the socket of a set screw securing the depth stop . I can not get it out to replace it with a new one.The shaft on the hold down is machined crooked and when you use it to hold down a board , one end touches the board , and the other end is approx 3/8 '' above the board . Overall , parts do n't fit together very well at all.I made one cut with it using a 5/16 '' chisel , and it performed fair , considering the bits that came with the unit.I really hate this but it seems Delta is going the same direction with tool quality as Craftsman . Most of my stationary tools in my shop is Delta and I have been quite satisfied with them in the past.Like I say , I 'm returning it Monday morning , and ordering the more expensive unit made by Powermatic . I 'll be commenting on that unit when I receive it .
 I just recently unpacked and began assembling this item . It is of unacceptable quality . The castings are especially poor . I had to file and sand them just to be able to assemble the product . The fence is not straight . The hollow chisel I tried first is so soft that the set screw used to hold it in puts a dent in the chisel.I knew this unit was made in Asia , but I thought Delta would hava a little better quality control . I bought mine just before Christmas and did n't see John 's review but I am with him and am returning the unit . I intend to buy a mortiser but this one is inferior ! Thanks
 Anyone who has setup and used a drill press mortiser would be attracted to these mortisers . That and the FWW review are why I purchased the mortiser to make doors ... much to my surprise the mortiser would not accept a piece wider than 4.75 '' . After fabricating some spacers to fit between the base and neck I was able to get the 5 '' that I needed . Admittedly my fault for overlooking this , but it would have been good to incorporate this capability into the design . One other problem was the quality of the chisels , very poor edge , with much difficulty was able to mortise Poplar after predrilling . Now that I know other higher quality chisels are available , that problem should be solved . Depending on your use -LRB- light duty -RRB- it could be an adequate machine with the right chisels .
 I bought this tool in Dec. ' 99 . I fiddled with the dovetail adjustment for hours but was never able to get it to both slide smoothly and have no play in the mechanism . So it slides with great resistance but with no play.I got the model that came w/out chisels and coughed up the extra money for the 1/4 '' and 3/8 '' chisel/bit sets . After cutting maybe 301/4 '' mortises in cherry and mohogany , I started into some oak . Well , the bit for the 1/4 '' chisel snapped off . I have no idea why -LRB- I never forced the machine and never got any smoking , even -RRB- and Delta gave no reason but were good enough to replace it.The other night I was using the 3/8 '' bit , again in oak , and the round gear in the up/down mechanism spit up 5 teeth . Utter crap . As before , I was using one arm and moving slowly without smoke or any other negative indicators . Inspection of the broken gear revealed that it was cast metal of some sort but very soft and light . Now , if I had a 3 ' pipe on the end of the handle and was hanging off the end I could see the thing shearing some gear teeth , but this was one-armed with slow , moderate force.I gather -LRB- from web searches -RRB- that this has happened to others ' Delta mortisers -LRB- one fellow said it happened the night he got it home -RRB- . Also , I , like others , observed that many of the allen-head set screws used to change adjustments round out easily . I 've got two screws that are shot . A small item , but a big indicator of bad quality . How much did they save on the screws?In summary , this unit performed reasonably under infrequent use for about 10 months and then broke . I 'll probably look into a multico.-jim
 The mortiser 's table was misdrilled causing 1 -RRB- the table to be `` twisted '' aboout 5 degrees , 2 -RRB- the stop rod hit the base in an uneven location causing inconsistent depth stop . Variation about 1/4 '' . The flat spot on the fence 's support rod was not aligned at 90 degrees to the fence , so that when you tighten the allen bolt the fence tilted about 10 degrees . Very weak Quality control , in my opinion . I returned the item after one mortise .
 I do n't like to use Allen wrenches to do adjustments , but the Delta unit requires use of them a lot . The set screws are of poor quality , too , and have a hard time staying put . I found that the depth adjustment stop did n't stay , so soon I was mortising deeper than I had wanted . A real pain ! Also , the Delta unit tended to make a lot more noise than I would expect a mortiser to make.I 've seen that the Jet unit -LRB- around the same price as the Delta -RRB- is easier to setup , runs quieter , and stays setup properly.I love my Delta table saw , but I 'd steer clear of this mortiser and get the Jet .
 I also have had problems . I have used this tool for several projects , but the fence broke when backing out the 1/2 inch chisel from oak -LRB- I use multiple passes now , going a little deeper each time -RRB- . And the set screw holding the chisel deforms the chisel so that it is almost impossible to remove from the tight fitting bushing . I have had to use a wrench to remove chisels , and then had to sand/grind the chisel smooth again to reuse . Finally , the cheap plastic grip has worn through . On the other hand , I ca n't fault the mortises it makes . Delta makes good tools , but I 'd try a Jet on this one .
 I had three problems with this unit . First , the poorly cast fence was not square to the table , allowing the work to rock during the mortising action , yielding mortises that were not square . Second , there is no clamp or foot to hold down the work making it very difficult to back out of harder woods . And third , the chuck and key were poor quality with poor fit and rough action .
 For some reason , I can get the 1/2 '' bit to work fine , but I 've spent several frustrating hours try to get the other bits to work -- no luck yet .
 I 'm ordering parts for this unit again today . The gear at the end of the arm finally lost its ' last tooth - unfortunately , it 's been backordered for 6 months . A so-so unit at best . The chisels that come with it are a huge disappointment . The unit itself is not even adequate . Shame on Delta for tarnishing what was once a good brand name with such a bad product .
 After reading your reviews on the Delta Mortising Tool I think I will continue Using my craftman drill press with mortising atachment . I thought this was hard enough to set up and keep adjusted sounds like I would just be spinning my wheels to buy a new DELTA MORTISER
 Hi , I 'm for a hollow chisel mortiser and want to know if there has been any attempt from Delta to better their mortising tool after reading the customer 's review 's . The powermactic is a little to much for my pocket , are these the only hollow chisel mortiser on the market ? .
 When I received it the box was labeled single pole . I contacted ace Hardware and they said they did n't updated the picture . This is a single pole switch , not a doubled one .
 I ordered this set to replace the one that came with my mortiser . The original had cut probably 80 inches of 1 '' deep mortises . I expected that because it was `` Austrian '' that the Quality would be better . NOT ! The amount of metal in the bit is roughly 1/3 the metal in the OEM bit . I should have known better , I put it in the Machine and made just two cuts before it snapped . I will be calling Delta in the morning to find out if they have anything available that will match the OEM Ouality . Tool crib customer Service could not tell me .
 First unit lasted 10 mortise cuts -LRB- 3/8 '' deep -RRB- in red oak before bit broke . Unable to find replacement bit , bought second set to finish job . Bit lasted 12 mortises . If it is this fragile , replacements need to be readily available . I am not a rookie . This was not abuse of the tool .
 The product appears to be of good quality , but the bit is the weak link . And I have n't been able to find replacement bits . The tool catalogs only list the bit/chisel sets . Where can one buy the replacement bits ?
 I was making mortises in red oak and the bit broke on the 12th hole . I am not happy with the quality of the bit . Everything else I have that is Delta has has shown itself to be of good quality .
 These replacement bit/chisel sets are horribly brittle and the bits snap after a few strokes regardless of how careful you are clearing the chips or feeding at the proper rate.The bare bits without chisels are listed on the side of the package :1 / 4 - 17-9165/16 - 17-9173/8 - 17-9181/2 - 17-919
 I ordered this product because the product description stated that it worked on Jet mortising machines . I learned that the bit is much shorter than the bits that came with my Jet JBM 5 bench top mortiser . If you use this mortising machine , do not order this chisel . With the chisel inserted all the way into the machine , the drill bit is several inches short of the chuck .
 This mortise bit was supposed to fit a jet mortiser - it was oversize slightly and would not go into the chisel holder . I appreciate Amazon 's return policy , but not an expensive bit that was offsize
 I bought the Delta Spindle Line Boring Machine on Amazon for USD 1.255 . The picture AND the Product Description from the Manufacturer shows the Machine WITH the boring bits . The big surprise when it arrived
 The reviewer who wrote the review above must be trying to be funny . It does n't make any sense . Please remove it .
 I recently bought this sander for my shop and I thought it was a great idea , great product , and great price . Although I did not buy it from toolcrib I got it for only 100 bucks brand new . I now know why . I have not heard yet but I would not doubt it if delta has already stopped making these . It is a great idea , but something is missing . Possibly the lack of consistancy of sanding across the surface of the pad or just not being able to put enough pressure on the machine to get the job done correctly . I would much rather stick to my dewalt random orbit sander -LRB- handheld -RRB- .
 I did order 5 set of DELTA sand discs -LRB- Delta 31-422 12-Inch 80 Git Sanding Disc -LRB- 2-Pack -RRB- -RRB- . But this company did send 3rd party discs to me.Those was not correct one.I requested refund , but they do not answer to me yet.Delta 31-422 12-Inch 80 Git Sanding Disc -LRB- 2-Pack -RRB-
 Knuckle knocking nobs . Also changing blades is difficult . Had to cut most of the bolts to get the blades out . Customer service said this was common !
 I 've had my 37-190 for over a year now . It 's been running fine , once I adjusted the blades . The blades came out of alignment from the factory . In order to adjust the blades though , you may need to cut off the set screws and replace them . This is recommended solution from customer service as this problem is quite common . Apparently they torque the set screws too tight , and I broke 3 wrenches and 1 drill bit trying to loosen those.Other than that , the fence is not quite as sturdy as I would like , and the depth setting lever is very , very hard to adjust in small increments . The Jet hand-wheel would be much of an improvement.I can hardly recommend this unit , because of the problems mentioned above , and since the Jet is not much more $ $ .
 Unforutnately I ca n't tell you how this jointer works . The second time I turned it on after assembly , the motor burned out . An extremely surly and unsympathetic woman at Delta told me I had to detach the motor and take it to an approved repair store 40 miles away . The last repair job I entrusted to this outlet took three months . So , I sit with an unusable piece of equipment and am out the money to boot . Wish I had gone for the Powermatic.An update
 this item seemed very nice as are my other denali items , but on the very first use , the handle broke clean in half .
 I ordered the Delta 37-365X Jointer and a set of knives for back up . When the knives arived , they were not in a Delta box and Delta 's name/part number was not printed on the knives . I call Amazon and requested a second set , no-luck , same set was sent again . I returned the knives , and ordered a set from Delta direct . I feel , to keep equpment running safe and trouble free , buy orgenal parts only , not copies .
 Hi , I inadvertently bought this item . However I find it to be too cumbersome and heavy . there is no belt sander and the disc is very difficult and timely to change . This seem to be more suited to large work shops . Not for the do it your self person.Sham .
 I received my sander today . When I unpacked the item there where broke items . When I called to get replacement parts I was told that it would be 2-3 weeks before I would get them . If I buy something new and items are broke or missing I do n't think it should take that long to get replacement parts . I could order another sander and return this one quicker . Bad customer service .
 This sander , as a lot of Delta equipment is cheap -LRB- junk -RRB- . . a little bit load and the switch starts smoking and lead wires are burning through . . Just try to disassemble this piece of junk . . I ca n't . . I just ordered a Jet and will trash this Delta . . I will NEVER buy any Delta equipement anymore -LRB- and I bought a lot from them . . this is it . . -RRB- They went cheap and just rely on their name ... another rip off ...
 Not happy with this purchase at all . Seems to be a lot of variance in the units . I looked at a unit built some years ago , and had a chance to work with it , and it was a dream . Smooth , quiet operation , solid construction , precise , clean fit among parts.When I received mine , the fan cover had slipped , shearing off the screws that hold it in place . Amazon was excellent in getting a new one to me.The new one works as well as can be expected , but is extremely disappointing . The assembly and stop set to keep things in square is cheap and has excessive play . The milling on the mini table was miserable -- obvious quality control problems . I had to machine the table down myself . -LRB- I chose to do this rather than getting another unit shipped out . -RRB- I finally have a machine that works fairly well , but I had to put in a lot of effort and time to get it to that point . I would suggest carefully examining all other options before purchasing this Delta Disc Sander.Happy shop time ...
 Had I known what the shipping charges , for something that weighs a few ounces at best , were I would never have ordered them . As a result I paid about twice as much as would have if I went to a retail store . Do n't count on me being a repeat customer.Sincerely , George M. Wade
 This is a flimsy piece of over priced junk . I am on my third and final one . The next one will be a custom sheetmetal fabrication . Delta 's engineers should be embarassed to take your money for this product . Dust collection on planers is not optional for fine work -- remove the chips or the rollers grind them back into your wood ! Please understand , it does its job if you never bump it , dont tighten the screws too tight and baby the heck out of it . God luck with that in an industrial setting.The original dust hood for old Rockwell 13 and 15 inch planers was cast iron-total overkill . I had a 13 '' dusty leftover from the 1970 's in my hands - if only it had been 15 '' ! They have been making this same planer forever . I was told by the rep the old iron hoods were too expensive to manufacture and I agree , but why swing this far towards junk ? What is wrong with a sheet metal or a stamped steel option . Seriously this is a $ 1200 - $ 1400 220v cast iron machine that sets up like a dream and planes beautifuly , but the chip hood hangs over the outfeed table in a spot where it is easily bumped , and bumping this plastic junk means breaking it . I have a plastic hood on my portable dewalt planer for jobsites that has lasted for years , but it is a top mount , not hanging off the back in the breeze!The DC 380 is a little buffalo of a planer-very capable and I love it . It is also capable of producing a massive amount of chips . There is a 47/8 hole because it requires a 5 '' hose ! The engineer 's got that part right . Believe me chip extraction is much better if you step down to 4 '' on the collector side because this planer can quickly and easily choke a 4 '' hose when planing pine , maple or poplar close to the 15 '' width . Buy 10 ' of 5 '' hose and a smooth metal 5 to 4 reducer-put the reducer on the collector side of the hose-you will be impressed at how well a 2hp dust system can keep up.In short either buy one of these , take it to a sheet metal shop as a perfectly shaped templet and get a real one made , or buy six of them so you can change them out as they crumble . Either way it will cost you about the same thing .
 It 's a great and well made base but unfortunately it does not fit -LRB- despite its description of `` fits all Delta 14 '' bandsaws -RRB- the new Delta 28-206 bandsaw . You could make it work by bolting a square of plywood to the mobile base then attaching the saw to that . Kind of a pain .
 first off , I have to say that the notion of getting the widest jointer you can afford is absolutely correct . I had a 6 '' Delta for several years , and was always an inch or two shy of being able to easily flatten the typical board . Now - no problem - its rare that you run across anything more than 10 '' wide.I 've had this jointer -LRB- single phase motor -RRB- for a couple of years now . After considering several brands in and around this size , including the new line of Grizzly , General International , and a Brazilian brand that made jointers for Delta -LRB- I believe Invicta -RRB- , even with the added cost I decided to get Delta because ... well , its Delta . They 've been very good anytime I 've had a problem with one of their machines.So , this machine is very solid , and does its job well . But - the blades are relatively difficult to change , particularly when compared with other brands . You ca n't get it with a Tersa cutter . The dust collection is poor ; for fine cuts its constantly clogging right below the cutter hed . The lever action height adjustment is more difficult to fine adjust than a wheel . On the up side , the cast iron came in flat to a couple thousandths , and had pretty much stayed that way -LRB- cast iron continues to shrink for a couple of years after its been cast and machined - inexpensive cast iron needs to be continuously adjusted , and occasionally remachined -RRB- . So , if for a lot of money you are OK with a very solid jointer , this works fine -LRB- even if made in Tawain -RRB- . But in retrospect , I 'd take a much closer look at the other brands that offer more features and have improved their service .
 I got this saw for Christmas 12/00 . It was a beast to assemble . The directions do not include a close up , detailed image or even an accurate description of how to install the blade and you 'll need that as breaking blades will become habitual and if your new to scrolling forget about those skinny fine cutting blades this saw spits them out in seconds . I 've had this tool for 4-mos . and still ca n't do anything with it that my jigsaw ca n't do better & quicker . Quick change blade , not ! Cheezy platic parts , yes !
 I got this saw for Christmas 12/00 . It was a beast to assemble . The directions do not include a close up , detailed image or even an accurate description of how to install the blade and you 'll need that as breaking blades will become habitual and if your new to scrolling forget about those skinny fine cutting blades this saw spits them out in seconds . I 've had this tool for 4-mos . and still ca n't do anything with it that my jigsaw ca n't do better & quicker . Quick change blade , not ! Cheezy platic parts , yes !
 Got the saw a month ago and after 2 hours of use the tip of the upper arm actually broke off . I was sure that it had been a bad casting because there were many small holes visable in the break of the metal . I returned the saw and got another . I had all kinds of trouble getting enough tension on the blade , then last night a small rubber disk popped out from under the tip of the upper arm . I took the tension assembly all apart and re-inserted the rubber disk now the tension is very good . Expensive blades make it a pretty good saw , cheap blades make it a poor saw . The hold down is no good and in the way . The sawdust blower is way too weak . It is noisey but I do not have a vibration problem even though I have not bolted it down . I do not think that any scroll saw is problem free and with all these noted problems it is still a lot of fun .
 I was already warned about how heavy this impact wrench is by other reviewers . I was hoping for a wrench that really had a lot of torque . I was very disappointed when I compared it with my 18 volt Znex . The Milwaukee would n't loosen bolts even with a freshly charged battery that the Znex would . I sadly returned it and am still in search of a stronger cordless impact wrench . The eighteen volt Bosh says it will deliver 500 plus pounds of torque . Maybe it is a better tool .
 Just delivered , although I have n't used it yet ... that does n't mean it has n't been tested by someone else . Delivered with a couple of grooves and scratches on ! If I wanted a used one , I would have ordered one ! I appreciate I am going to beat the crap out of it myself sharpening an axe , but it is the principal ! What 's the phrase ... caveat emptor!It is about the third time I have had this BS from an Amazon sale .
 i ordered it with 2 machetes and never got to me and just deleted itself of my account that i ordered it but the worst part is the money for it was out of my bank :-LRB- i really wanted it too
 The sharpener came without instructions for use . The shipping packet states `` Instructions enclosed '' , but there are no instructions inside . The inside of the cardboard is blank?I emailed Lansky customer service 8 days ago and have received no response.I regret my purchase .
 I purchased this in order to sharpen my new , unused shovel and some machetes . This instructions included do not inform you on how to use it other than making circular motions . It does not say at what angle to employ the device . The company website is even more deplorable . You try to buy `` American '' , but it seems as most are ` asleep at the wheel ' . I utterly regret this purchase .
 I have had this planer for a year and it has worked OK . Snipe is a problem but can be corrected by shimming the in/out tables . One HUGE problem though , when I tried to change the knives for the first time , the little hex screws that release the knives round off . This happens even if you use a real wrench instead of the cheezey one they provide . And when the wrench slips , your knuckles go right into the blade . Once any of the 14 screws rounds off , that knife can not be removed . And since the screws are buried in the cutting head you ca n't get any other kind of tool in help release the rounded screw . Along with most other models , the 12-1/2 '' Delta model has a MUCH better design . Now I have to take mine in and have it repaired so I would have been money ahead by buying a better model .
 I have owned the 22-540 for five years . When I purchased the machine , I was attracted by the low price and the fact that there were few alternatives on the market at that time , unless you wanted to purchase a 15 inch stationary planer . This model represented Delta 's original foray into the market and this model has needed modifications in its design . The fact that it has dropped about $ 150 in price over the last five years is indicative of how overpriced it originally was and how it currently compares to the competition . My complaints about this machine
 I have had this planer for a year and it has worked OK . Snipe is a problem but can be corrected by shimming the in/out tables . One HUGE problem though , when I tried to change the knives for the first time , the little hex screws that release the knives round off . This happens even if you use a real wrench instead of the cheezey one they provide . And when the wrench slips , your knuckles go right into the blade . Once any of the 14 screws rounds off , that knife can not be removed . And since the screws are buried in the cutting head you ca n't get any other kind of tool in help release the rounded screw . Along with most other models , the 12-1/2 '' Delta model has a MUCH better design . Now I have to take mine in and have it repaired so I would have been money ahead by buying a better model .
 It will not fit to the Delta Plainer Delta TP305 12-1/2 '' Need to return please send return info .
 I have tried several times to install this item , no luck . There were no instructions in the box and the holes do n't line up . I even tried Delta 's website for instructions , no luck there either . If anyone knows how to install this on a TP305 please tell me.I bought the dust collector chute and the planer as a package . The dust collector chute says it is for Delta models TP400LS , 22-565 and 22-560 not TP305 so I was a little worried about it working when I bought it.ThanksMark
 I can not recommend another Delta Compound Miter Saw after what they did to those of us who bought a very good -LRB- we thought -RRB- Model 36-220 Type III . Many of us have experienced a break in the lower guard , which is plastic . You really do n't dare use the saw w/o it . Way too dangerous . They have discontinued the part . Perfectly good $ 200 + saws get added to landfills . I hate to guess how many guys are out there trying to use their saws w/o the guards . Like I said way too dangerous , but you know Delta knows people will do that . Completely irresponsible for a corporation to do something like that . I 'd look for a different brand . Actually , rather than send it directly to the landfill , I think I 'll pay the postage and said it to Delta HQ !
 I too got a little over one year of use from my Delta 36-220 . It experienced a complete motor failure . Repair cost was greater than the cost of a new identical one . The saw worked very well up to it 's failure . I would not purchase another Delta Miter Saw !
 The saw cuts well and has plenty of power . The sticking arm on the blade guard broke the plastic attachment point . I 've noticed that this is the only model I 've seen from Delta that has a plastic attachment point for the blade guard arm . Will keep you in shape moving it around .
 Avoid this model . Ca n't replace the plastic lower guard if it breaks . Delta discontinued it . The epitome of corporate irresponsibility if you ask me . You can buy other parts , but not the one that may save someone 's life . Buy a different brand .
 This saw is really not portable -LRB- which was fine -RRB- , cut and power was great . The supplied accessories were also nice . I had purchased mine to use on a new addition , the motor went just out of warranty -LRB- due to surgery I had n't used it for more than a year during the warranty period -RRB- . Delta was unresponsive to emails , letters , and appathetic on phone calls . Repair cost exceeded that of a replacement , and I could n't replace it with the same -LRB- did n't feel it would last -RRB- . Very much supprised me how sort the life was on it , the 81/4 Delta I have has been going for more than 12 years -LRB- and actually had to pick up the slack for this one -RRB- .
 As you can see from the picture , this stand consists of four legs , four upper brackets , four lower brackets , and a table board.I started by attaching the upper brackets to the legs . When I went to attach the lower brackets , I found that there was so much material projecting beyond the bolt holes that they would not fit inside the legs . I spent two hours at a bench grinder removing about 1/4 '' of steel from each end of each of four lower brackets to get them to fit . Then I had to paint the ground-off areas to keep them from rusting.Once I finally got the stand assembled , I went to bolt on the table board and found that the mounting holes in the board were off by a full TWO INCHES compared to the holes in the stand . Back to the drill press for more modification.Folks , these parts simply do not fit together . Delta should be absolutely ashamed of themselves for allowing a product like this to get to market . This borders on outright fraud . And Amazon , you should TAKE THIS PRODUCT OFF YOUR WEBSITE IMMEDIATELY until Delta fixes their design and/or manufacturing problem . Customers , PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT until you see a review here or an announcement by Amazon that the problems I and other reviewers have outlined have been fixed.It is really pathetic that a once-proud American company like Delta can not design and build a simple four-legged stand without screwing it up this badly . I am only rating it one star because there is no option to rate it what it deserves , a ZERO .
 I purchased this same stand through Amazon a year or so back and it went together like a gloove and I have been very pleased with it . I would give it five stars . I ordered another one a couple a weeks ago disregarding the poor ratings at Amazon . When it arrived the box was half open . Luckily all the componets were still inside but the top was damaged on one corner . When I assembled the stand I found that the four top braces were a inch and one half to short . I assembled it anyway with great effort and sure enough the holes in the top would not line up . Will have to drill new holes if I do n't decide to send it back.Shame on Delta for letting a quaility table get out with wrong parts in it . Seems there are quality and packaging issues here !
 The planar stand could not be put together without grinding off some metal so that the cross piece bolt holes could be aligned with the holes in the legs . Once the metal part of the stand was finally put together . the platform top had no set of pre-drilled holes that would align with the holes in the metal structure for attaching the platform top . So I had to drill a set of holes . When finally put together , it would not fit into the mobile base designed for this stand . All in all , badly designed and extermely difficult to execute for parts that are supposed to fit together -LRB- a characteristic for which I paid a premium -RRB- . In the future I would not pay for Delta designed stands or mobile bases .
 I could n't believe it when only a few small pieces of the stand arrived -LRB- in a very large box -RRB- It did n't even resemble a stand ! The top , all of the legs , three of the feet and two side braces were all missing.I was pleased , however , with Amazon 's return policy .
 I got this item without any bolts to attach it . I emailed amazon and never got any response to this issue .
 I purchased this product to help control the dust and shavings generated by my 12 '' planer . The dust collector did help but it fills up quickly and then the dust overflows the top and bottom and becomes ineffective . While browsing the products on this page I saw a dust collector with the outlet in the center of the collector instead of the side . I am hoping it will fit the 12 inch planer because I believe a center outlet will be much more effective than the side outlet .
 My small shop was a mess after even minimal planing with my Delta 12 '' planer . I thought the Delta dust hood attachement would help . It does but just barely.First off the damn thing did n't fit . It had been twisted while being welded up , so it took me a day to make it fit passably . The hood fills up with shavings at the end farthest from the vacuum attachement after just a few planings ; this easily cleaned out by inserting a shop-vac attachement , but this takes time . It 's better than nothing , but just barely .
 Sheet metal had to be rebent into the proper position to get it to fit . About a 45 minute job .
 after receiving this dust hood , and trying to install it obviously there must have not been very much thought put into the design . when following the instructions you still have to twist and bend the hood to make it fit properly . even still i had to add a bracket to the left side , drill a hole and use a tap to make threads in the machine to properly secure the dust hood . if this product was n't a gift i would have returned it and made my own out of aluminum stock utilizing the existing dust shute . i would only suggest buying this if you feel like playing around with it to get it to fit . any questions email me
 I 've had the exact same problems as mentioned by an earlier reviewer . One of two smallish width planks it handles well . Anything more than that and it clogs very quickly and while it is easy to unclog , well sorta easy , it is a pain in the neck.Installation is very easy , take 5 mins , and the cost is low , but it 's really not worth it .
 This otherwise beautiful wall lamp was not properly thought through in terms of design . If you check the product shot , that is exactly what you get . The metal housing the cord extends down from is about six inches long . That means , once you mount the lamp on the wall at a normal height above a chair or sofa , you have an unsightly cord hanging down from the wall to the floor . Nor can you buy some decorative tubing to cover the cord up , because the light switch is attached to it . So if you think having a lamp cord hanging down from your living room wall is aesthetically pleasing , this lamp is worth considering . If you think lamp cords are ugly and best left out of sight , pass this lamp by .
 This is not the exact item that I wanted . The one I had on the planer had the holes along the edges and was thinner.How would I go about returning this item and getting credit ?
 Someody forgot to harden the steel used in these knives . The previous Delta knives lasted for 1000s of feet of use ... I was lucky if I got 1000 ' w / these , even with flipping them . Knots never have been a problem . With these knives pine knots dinged them repeatedly . Do n't waste your $ .
 I bought this saw after using the 36-080 model for years -LRB- which was discontinued -RRB- . I do n't think that the saw has enough power . The main problem that I have is that the saw does not make a nice smooth cut through molding . It leaves blade marks on the edges - even with new blades . One nice thing is the light weight which makes the saw easy to carry around .
 Bought the Makita 10 '' saw and a Delta at the same time -- 7 years ago . The Delta felt cheap coming out of the box and I should have returned it then . Lots of plastic , motor that jammed on 1/2 inch plywood , it felt like I had bought something disposible . In contrast , the Makita was solid then and is in perfect condition today . Better motor , better design -LRB- safety guard did n't fall off after the first week -RRB- and the blade still cuts though 4x4 treated lumber like its a shim . I 've tested a lot of Makita tools since and they along with Milwaukee and DeWalt seem a clear grade above the rest .
 I ordered this compressor based on the reputation of Porter Cable . I liked the output of it compared to other brands of the same size . It actually had higher output ratings than larger models of other brands . Unfortunately , my compressor arrived damaged . The flimsy cardboard box from the factory provided very little protection . The output tube from the motor to the tank was crushed , the cover on the motor was cracked and had a golf ball size hole in it , the head had a broken cooling fin , and the lower tank support was bent . I was looking forward to owning this compressor but I will be sending it back for a refund . I will not be ordering another one due to packaging . If you get one that is not damaged I am sure it would be a great compressor .
 The wand only fits washers up to 2300 psi and wo n't work on my 2650 psi washer . I ca n't find anywhere where it says this in description . Unable to mate to tips or hose .
 No where in the product presentation does it say this product does not fit on my Karcher 3000psi unit . Would not it make a little sense to identify the units that this extension unit will not fit ??
 I bought this Karcher wand to clean the highest part of my pool cage in Florida and while water does come out the end , there is not enough pressure to clean anything . I have an 1800psi Karcher electric power washer and have plenty of pressure from my other wands . This wand might be good for light cleaning , but , if you are buying this to reach high places with high pressure , look for another product .
 Worthless for the model 2600 PH , I also bought from Amazon . Does not fit and have complained to Karcher , who has yet to respond . If you purchase the pressure washer , do not recommend buying any accessories .
 ... the description does not say or specify anything ... should be `` 4 PIECE EXTENSION SPRAY WAND FOR ELECTRIC PRESSURE WASHER '' because this item does not work for all Karcher pressure washers ! we have a gas powered pressure washer and the pieces do n't fit ! ... called Karcher and they said they do not make extension sets for gas powered ones ... why is this ? no one can give me an answer ! I wonder who 's bright idea that was ? ... makes no sense why it is available for one and not the other . ugh ! -- had no problems returning it to Amazon.com however which was awesome !
 Despite the other positive reviews this product did not proform even close to my expectations . Once connected I had no pressure . It provided nothing more than an extension of my regular water hose . I am returning this product .
 Product did not arrive . I contacted vendor and was informed that they were out of stock and had not been informed by the supplier . Refund was processed promptly .
 Yes , this product will allow reach into difficult areas ; however , removing and installing induvidual segments is difficult . In fact , even if careful , it 's easy to strip the cheap plastic threads which join the segments together . Furthermore , I found removing and installing the product from the body of the gun an absolute chore ! There are other inconveniences not as frustrating - particularly when used with that cheaply made but expensive , poorly designed adjustable head brush , but you probably get the idea . Bottom line - if access is difficult , it 's worth it ; BUT if you intend to change the segments , attachments -LRB- especially the brush -RRB- , or the extension itself often , expect an agravating , frustrating experience . And if you intend to use it often , forget it !
 I purchased this product several months before I intended to use it . When I tried to use it it would not attach to my pressure washer . A long time had passed since I bought it . I did not try to exchange it . Is that still possible ?
 Did not work as expected ! It does provide an extention to the reach of the washer BUT the power is not good at the nozzle . Guess it looses the power on the way up the long tube . Without the extention I still have great power for washing the deck . Anyway , while I can now reach the pool cage supports over the pool , I still ca n't get them clean only wet . Not worth the price .
 I have used 3 of these units over the last 7 years of so and have been less than happy with them . This product is the Best of a Bad Situation . I have had two fail in the first year or so with no warranty to fall back on . My last one has been limping along for the pass 4 + years and I am nervous everytime I need to reprogram an ON/OFF for one of my X-10 switches . I have had the dreaded 18:88 pop up on the display and when this happens nothing I can do will reset the controller to work properly . Basically it 's off to the garbage pile -LRB- believe me I have tried everything to revive them -RRB- . Reprogramming the controller and the 18:88 display is how my first two died . There are no decent X-10 controllers out there . I know there is a new remodeled MT10A that has just come out and I will grudging switch to that when this controller finally goes 18:88 on the display . As long as I do n't have to do any reprogramming on the controller it seems to work fine , which is not realistic . Again , I am very frustrated but stuck with the Best of this Bad Situation with a less than OK controller .
 This very expensive faucet arrived so beat up ! It was n't from the shiiping , it was packed up perfectly , someone shipped it of that way . Looked like it had been used and returned . It was all scratched up and dented . Not to mention , did not even look like the picture ! Amazon said this was non-reurnable , but they did let me return it after a call to customer service . I had to pay for shipping & insurance , but Amazon reimbursed me the expenses . Overall , super bummed and ended up ordering my faucet from -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was looking to replace a 19 year old 9 '' B&D ; power miter box and after some considerable research , decided on this model.I have previous experience with Hitachi power tools and was expecting to receive a tool of comparable quality - instead what I received was a broken tool that is made in China.Amazon was great handling the return and got me a replacement right away , but the replacement saw was broken at the same location -LRB- the right adjustable fence was ripped from the base -RRB- . Inspection of the aluminum casting revealed large occlusions in the material , leading me to believe that the entire base is made of the same substandard materials.I would stay away from this tool - look at theDEWALT DW716 15 Amp Double-Bevel Compound Miter Saw - it will cost more , but you will be infinitely happier with the quality of the tool and construction - plus it is made in North America .
 Picked up this on sale $ 100 off $ 199.00 with a FREE 18ga brad nailer rfrom the big blue store Lowes.Just does n't have the power to cut through 2 x 4 or 2 x 6 , it stalls out , jambs up.The pivot for angle cuts , the casting snapped of where the positive stop bolt is , I am very careful with my tools , do not throw them around.Really WEAK casting/quality control - poor design.I tried some JB weld to repair , now that broke again , JB would not stick to the metal.So I will dump this in the trash & buy a GOOD CHOP SAW ! Oh yeah the cheap brad nailer made it through half a job , maybe couple hundred brad nails , jambed all the time , design is also poor , the plate that tensions the clip of nails slides , ride up on the nails & jambs , resulting in no feed , frustration , nothing a 2 lb sludge hammer ca n't fix.Purchased a Bostich brad nailer - real happy with that tool .
 I received my Hitachi C12FDH miter saw as a Christmas gift from my duaghter and son-in-law , to replace an older Delta that was shot.After about 6 uses the belt guard broke and fell off , I emailed Hitachi and got no response , so I fastened it back on with a nylon cable tie and rubber band . After a few months and little usage the bolt holding the retractor arm to the blade guard broke , I again emailed the company , and again got no response . Finally I called the toll free number on the website , and tried to get the belt guard and bolt under warranty , only to be told I had to take it to an authorized service center , -LRB- apparently they are unaware that other people CAN operated a screwdriver -RRB- . I took a half day off work , drove an hour and a half to the service center , and found out there that I needed a store receipt to prove I had purchased it , -LRB- remember it was a Christmas gift -RRB- . I was very dissatisfied with their unwillingness to invest a few bucks in retaining me as a customer . I came home , went to my local hardware , purchased some longer screws and fender washers for the belt guard , and a replacement screw for the retractor arm , and fixed it myself . I 'm sure I voided the warranty by doing this , but in my opinion , the warranty was worthless from the start . When someone asks me about my saw , I 'm sure I 'll share this story and try to persuade them to buy Makita , Delta , Craftsman , or anything other that Hitachi .
 I read good things about this saw on Amazon , and also another professional tools review site . I bought one from my local Lowes , and once I got it home , discovered that the bevel clamp in the rear -LRB- the little handle you turn to loosen the head so you can tilt it -RRB- would not move . I could not move it no matter how much I tried . I unscrewed the plastic handle on it , and found a hex type head there , so I tried turning it with a socket wrench . It gave a little in either direction , but not much , and it still did n't untighten enough to allow the head to tilt.I decided it must be defective , so I returned it and picked another of the same model . Tried out the bevel clamp in the store before I left and it worked fine , so took that one home . But once I got home , I found another overly tight screw problem , this time on the spindle guard , the metal guard covering the bolt you take off to change blades . Neither of the two screws -LRB- Phillips heads -RRB- holding the spindle guard in place would budge with a handheld screwdriver . Even with my corded drill and a Phillips bit I could n't get them out , in fact I almost stripped the screw heads trying to remove them.So had to return that one . They did n't have any more of this model in stock , but even if they had I would n't have gotten one . I do n't think the design of the saw is at fault , it 's probably a great saw . But to be completely honest , Hitachi 's manufacturing or QC is absolutely horrible . I 've never had to return the same model of something twice in my life . When you get back-to-back saws with the same problem of overly tightened or defective screws/bolts in two different areas of the product , so tight the consumer can not adjust them , then something is terribly wrong with your manufacturing or your QC process.Now I 'm reading up on other brands of saws to buy , as I 'm not giving Hitachi a third shot . In fact , this product soured me so bad on Hitachi 's products I doubt I 'll ever buy or recommend a Hitachi product again.So buyer beware - if you 're buying this saw in person , try out the bevel clamp , all the adjustments , remove the spindle guard and blade , etc , in the store to make sure it works . If I had n't tried to remove the spindle guard on that second one , I could just imagine down the road not being able to get the guard off when it 's time to change blades .
 I have a 10 '' Hitachi and bought the cut n crown system . I was getting ready to start and found that I needed more height than what my 10 '' could give me because of the jigs with this system . I know I do n't need the jigs and could use the 10 '' but the fence was very low anyway . So I went to Lowes . I have the Dewalt mitre saw stand and was going to buy a Dewalt to go with it . Actually was kind of excited . After looking at all of the saws , I decided on the Hitachi 12 '' because of the 5 year warranty , laser , comfortable handle grip and double bevel for less money . I loved the saw at first . Then , while I was checking the alignment I noticed that the right side markings and the red pointer had come into contact with each other . This peeled the foil marking label with the adhesive on the back of the label exposed . I tryed to lay this label back down but it kept coming up . Saw dust has gotten underneath it and forget about it ever staying down now . To me this is a critical oversight on Hitachi 's part . I went back to Lowes and found the saw on display had both left and right labels messed up . I used the saw for crown moulding and after 4 days of use I decided to take this one back to Lowes for a refund . Oh , this saw is VERY loud too . You will definetly need ear plugs or hearing protection . It actually hurts to listen to it . I went back to Lowes and purchased the Dewalt DW716 . This is the saw that I originally was going to purchase but got cost conservative . The customer reviews where all excellent for this saw . Got this saw home , Loved it and after three cuts the saw quit . I checked the outlet , 120V power was good . I could not believe it ! I think maybe the switch went out . I took it back and now I 'm waiting for the Bosch 4212 from Amazon.com . I also bought the Bosch 80 tooth blade . Oh , I forgot to say earlier that with the Hitachi I had the Dewalt 80T precision trim blade and it was a dream . Perfect cuts with absolutely no splintering . With the Dewalt saw , it came with a 60 tooth Dewalt blade . Was not quite as good but would probably have worked out ok . Just not quite as crisp . I hope this helps .
 I bought this saw at a big box store , but felt that Amazon shoppers should be aware of quality issues and Hitachi 's terrible customer service.Inside of 30 days of owning the saw , both the left and right fence have sheared off . A pressure treated board I was cutting kicked back and bent both of the aluminum fences . This was not a large kick , but pretty mild and I was surprised that the force was enough to bend the aluminum fences . When I tried to bend each of them back to position they both sheared off . In looking at the aluminum it appears incredibly thin and pretty poor quality , which I am sure they did for weight , but it gives very little strength to the fence.I called Hitachi to see what could be done about getting replacements and instead of them taking care of it by sending out new ones , I was told that I need to bring it into a service center . So , now I am off to drive an hour plus to a service center who will essentially tell me that the saw needs new fences . I wish I had bought a Dewalt as my experience with their customer service in the past has been very good - I am pretty confident that they would have taken care of the problem over the phone promptly.I would stay away from this saw unless you are just going to do some very light cutting . If you need something that will hold up , go with a better brand .
 My first saw came damaged . The sub fence was broken and the bevel gauge was torn up . Amazon sent me a new one , and the second one was also not right . The sub fence on this one was not broken but did not line up with the back fence making a square cut impossibe . There was also grinding when I adjusted the bevel . Complete junk . Hitachi was no use . They informed me that it was manufactered in China . Big surprise . I do not see myself buying anymore Hitachi tools because the customer service was so poor . Maybe you will have better luck than me . My suggestion is to look the saw over very carefully before using it . I regeret this purchase .
 Got this saw at Lowe 's under a special 3 day promotion . With the free accessory and sale price and 5 % discount this saw netted out at about $ 208 . Once in a lifetime price . I just unpacked it and got it set up . Then I turned it on -LRB- not to cut wood but to hear the sweet sound of quality -RRB- . This thing squeals like a cat being killed . And since we are cat lovers my wife jumped off the couch and ran out to see what was going on . The sound is so loud and powerful that I grabbed my best ear muffs.Normally with my other 2 miter saws my wife can stand there and hold wood , etc. . And she never wears any ear protection . This thing makes such a loud , priecing sound she put her hands over her ears and rushed into the house.Maybe if I was on a construction site and did n't mind injuring the other guys ears , I would keep it . But I am a DYIer and the neighbors are close . I would not dare do that to them.Sure I could close the garage door like I do with my router to keep the noise down . I do n't mind suffering throught the 100 degree temperatures occasionally with a closed garage because I seldom use that router . But I use my miter saw all the time.Incidentally the reason I need a 3rd miter saw is because the 2nd one has a laser , which is a must have . I bought one piece of foam-type molding -LRB- because of the unusal shape -RRB- . Any miter blade will melt the foam-type molding . They have a ton of it at both HD and Lowe 's . -LRB- Not the hard plastic , the light weight stuff . -RRB- A glob of extremely hot , liquified foam kicked up on the laser and melted the len.Sadly this thing is going back .
 I had to give the saw a poor review because I never got to use it . After ordering the saw , and looking forward to using it , when it arrived , the sub fence was broken , and the saw had to go back . Ok , they were very good about the whole thing , so I can wait for the replacement . The second saw came just three days later . I joked with the UPS driver that she should stick around so she could take it back with her . Guess what , the sub frnce on the second saw was broken ! Back it went , but this time I did n't ask for a replacement . The saw looked good , but the thing was shipped with the bevel not fully locked , so it must have slammed into the sub fence during shipping , causing the thing to break .
 I received the box and was so happy until I opened it . I found out that the plastic cover of the handle was broken , there were loose parts everywhere in the box and also the owner 's manual was missing . The way everything was set-up in this box , I can say it already had been returned and I am the second one to return it . I did try to ignore the bad reviews I read on Amazon before I ordered it and I was wrong .
 I bought this saw from another vendor a year ago it was a floor model so I was able to check it out real good and it worked great for me.Then it got stolen.I liked it well enough to Buy it again and ordered it from Amazon . When it arrived I checked every thing out real well and found the laser to be out of alignment and the subfence was not lined up with the fixed fence . Rather than return it I called Hitachi . They told me the sub fence was bent and they would send me another one . After a week I received the wrong part . I called Hitachi again giving them the part number this time .0 ne week later again , wrong part again ca n't even figure out if this part even goes on this saw.So back to Amazon for an exchange , new saw comes with new problem.Fence is broken -LRB- cracked off -RRB- . Hitachi is garbage , no quality control .
 This saw arrived with part of its plastic case broken . Rather than return the whole saw , I tried to contact Hitachi through their support site on the web to get a replacement . Nothing but silence . I wo n't buy from them anymore .
 This stuff is for real , cutting through old and grease like nothing else that I have ever used ! I highly recommend this product .
 I bought this product after reading other reviews about it 's ability to remove oil stains . I have oil stains on my Composite wood decking with some dark residue caused by the Woodbridge NJ Township spraying by helicopter for mosquotios . I sprayed the Oil eater undiluted let it settle then scrubbed very hard with deck scrub brush by hand , spraying more as needed , let it work for some more time and washed with garden hose thoroughly . The darkness of the stains in gone but I can still see the stains although faded . The deck looks slightly faded too because I had to use undiluted Oil eater other wise it was n't making any difference . I do not agree with the manufacturer 's claims that it will remove oil stains guranteed . Unsatisfactory product . Shipping was unsatisfactory too . I was charged $ 11.44 just as much as the cost of the product itself , ordered it on Sep 24 , 2011 and received it on Oct 4 , 2011 - 13 days !! Unsatisfactory .
 I decided to buy it after reading from reviews that it worked on driveways . It only worked on a certain concrete stain which I think is all motor oil , but you have to apply it again and again until most of the stain is gone . Other stains that were petroleum based , no effect at all . If you 're looking at cleaning your concrete driveway , go to your local auto parts store , they have a few products you can try . I found one that worked better than this product .
 Odd that this product is advertised as a craftsman and its not even close . This an overpriced harbor freight quality hammer .
 We have a Newport brass kitchen set in our house that is only 4 years old and the spray head is leaking . Absent the original invoice for the faucet set the company will not stand behind their product . Needless to say their 10 year guarantee is worthless . Considering the premium price they charge for their products , their customer support is horrific . Avoid like the plague .
 This company has to be the worst!I have over $ 6,000 of fittings in my bathroom . Fittings are less than 3 years old . needed to replace shower cartridge $ 250 and a plastic diverter in the tub faucet sheared , the part could not be worth more than $ 10 , the customer service rep gave me the part number and told me to find a local dealer . The dealer had the part but it was the wrong part . Called customer service again and explained it was not the $ 60 spindle I was looking for it was the small plastic diverter that the spindle turns ... the rep told me that part is not available and I should buy a complete new faucet -LRB- $ 1,300 -RRB- . I asked about warranty and was told if I do n't have original receipt -LRB- I do n't -RRB- to buy a complete new set . I wrote to the company ... no reply . I addressed a note to the president of the company ... no reply.Over priced poorly engineered , and company not at all interested in customers . NEVER deal with Newport Brass .
 The rotation of jaws is stiff and also restricted so that they do n't close in parallel fashion on the hose ,
 I have experience using these blades so cuting technique is not the issue . I bought this blade to cut through some 3 inch round steel pipe 3/16 '' wall . Now I have heard that some blades even good blades are bad just because a bad batch exists so maybe I just got one that was just bad from the get go . First cut , beautiful , second cut just as nice , third cut took more time . Cut # 4 was it . The blade would not penetrate the pipe and ca n't even cut 1/8 '' angle now . TRULY DISAPPOINTED !!! My milwaukee 14 '' Dry Cut Saw sat for 5 days until my SAIT blade arrived . My Milk blade has been mailed out for sharpening . I hope when it comes back after costing me around $ 200 it is worth it but it has not stood up to my SAIT blade which made 85 cuts in the same pipe .
 It is a shame that what I think is a great saw is hindered by lousy battery engineering . The battery is a BL1830.There is an intelligent circuit inside the pack that needs to be powered , and it draws its power from the very cells it is monitoring.The basic design flaw is that the circuit is wired to be powered by only one of the many cells in the pack . The PCB draws a constant although small current from that single cell . If the battery is not used for a few weeks then that cell will deep discharge causing a weak link in the bank of cells , the pack then fails in the charger.Makita has programmed the circuitry so that if you try to charge the battery 3 times in this state , it will permanently disable it . Normal behavior is to think `` why is it not charging , let me try again '' . If more than 1 year old , it is out of warranty.I would not buy any more Makita tools powered by this battery .
 Bought it , used it , returned it the following day . Lacks power and endurance even for simple , light duty tasks . I realize it 's a cordless saw but for $ 300 I could n't have been more unimpressed . It 's equally horrible to the cordless Dewalt I bought ten years ago . You would think cordless saw technology would have gotten better by now . It has n't . Do n't waste your money . Buy something else .
 I have the same issues as several other reviewers
 The outlet ports of this diverter are reduced to 0.156 inches in diameter , which severely restricts water flow at normal water pressure -LRB- 45 psi -RRB- . I would estimate that this diverter will deliver no more than 0.7 GPM through each port.If you can live with that sort of flow rate then this diverter is for you , because it is well constructed . If you cant which is my case its a complete waste of money .
 I liked the looks of this valve but the holes where the water comes out are way too small and decreased the water pressure and flow too much.The bigger issue is that the sliding valves did not fully shut off and when opened , they automatically closed half way due to the water pressure . Makes me wonder if the mfg even tested this product . I sent it back .
 When my this shipment arrived and I opened it , the color of product is ugly . I thought it may be the color only , but product will work fine -LRB- wishful thinking -RRB- . Once I used this flapper , still I can see water dripping in toilet bowl . It does n't fit nicely in the toilet tank . I should have bought BRAND NAME product . Well lesson learn on my part
 I had a Harbor Freight unit which quit after 2 years of light use ; so I upgraded to a Milwaukee saw . I was on the second blade -LRB- 6 months -RRB- and it quit on me . Took it to an authorized dealer who diagnosed armature problem and ordered parts . 3 weeks later and no parts have been sent by Milwaukee . I am an amateur metal sculptor who only uses on weekends and would describe my use as light . A month without a tool is an eternity . Next time , I will buy harbor freight with extended warranty ; then you simply return the tool -LRB- if it breaks -RRB- and they give you a new one on the spot . I have had a number of excellent quality Milwaukee tools that have lasted decades in the past ; they obviously do not care about their reputation any more . I will probably get the saw back soon in working condition under warranty but too much time and aggravation .
 I have to return this saw because the fence moves . This is an unfortunate design flaw
 I had an old Black and Decker Industrial saw which was obsolete . Having purchased several Milwaukee tools over the years I thought I could n't go wrong by purchasing another tool from them.Boy was I wrong.The first short coming was with the quich change blade nut . By hand I could not get the nut tight enough to prevent the blade from tearing out the blades mandrel.Lucky for me the old fashioned nut was included so using the enclosed wrench I was able to get it tight enough so the saw would work.Since I had alot of Rebar to cut I tightened the quick change vise in it perpenticular position.In the course of my work I found the position kept chaging and I had to keep resettin it and tightening the quick change handle.The only way I could keep it in place was by pounding with a hammer to tighten it sufficiently.I 'll probably change it out to a bolt and nut which would work much better.I also found that while cutting the many lengths of 3/4 '' rebar that the saw would slow down and I would have to let up on the pressure so the saw could speed back up.This was annoying to me since I did n't have to do this with my old B&D ; saw . I would cut all of the way thru without slowing down.The final problem was the quick release on the vise handle which for me I could never get it to release and I ended up breaking ot off and now have to crank the vise in and out for changes in stock thickness.All in all I would look else where in the future for my chop saw needs . This one is not it.To make matters worse Milwaukee now makes this saw in Taiwan instead of the USA , but looks like price does n't reflect this .
 When I buy a Milwaukee power tool I expect the best that money can buy , and I am more than happy to pay for it . Unfortunately , this tool is not worthy of the Milwaukee name . I bought the unit six months ago for a light-gauge steel construction project . Here are my observations : + Heavy . I agree with other reviewers - it has a nice , solid base and rigid vise . + Ergonomic . The D-handle and power switch are great . - Excessive vibration . Roughest running chop saw I have ever used . - Mediocre power . All other Milwaukee tools , and other brand chop saws I have used , have plenty of power . This one is lacking . - Bearing chatter . Major cause for concern given that the saw has only been in service 6 months - and 6 easy months at that . It is getting so bad that sometimes the saw just bogs down and refuses to cut.I checked the box and sure enough , it has a little sticker bearing the words , `` MADE IN TAIWAN . '' If I had wanted some cheap piece of junk from Asia , I could have gotten it from Harbor Freight for half the price . Milwaukee , what have you done ?
 Do not purchase this blade at any price . I got so few cuts out of this blade - half the cuts from other blades purchased at half the price ! Look for the Avenger blade -LRB- or AVEPRO -RRB- at literally half the price .
 This saw blade has proved to be of poor quality . The blade was installed and used to cut light gauge steel , of 18 to 20 gauge . The blade teeth wore out in a very short time and was unusable in less than a week . Some teeth broke and some lost their sharp edge after very short use . I am sorry that I ever spent good money on such a poor quality tool .
 This strange looking weapon/tool does not work at all . It barely scratched the surface of our walpaper to score it . Actually it didnt even penetrate the paper at all my husband said . He ended up using the palm held scorer that we purchased years ago from Lowes . So , do yourself a favor and do n't order this tool . I 'm in the process of asking for a refund . I hope this was helpful.Jane ,
 I bought this hoping it would help me take the border off the wall . it made the holes great but I wasnt able to get the border off very easy . Instead I used fabric softener and a coat steamer . That worked so much better . I put a little fabric softener on a sponge , coated the border or wall paper , then used the steamer to moisten the paper and was able topull th epaper off in one peice . Even where the paper pealed off and left the backing , all i did was go over it with the steamer and it came off very easy . Didnt need to malke the holes .
 After breaking my second Paper Tiger , I decided to order this along with a few more Paper Tigers . This wall cover perforator does next to nothing to my twice painted wallpaper , which is all I have left . If the wallpaper were n't painted , the Paper Tigers would n't have broken . While this will probably not break from over use , it is also worthless to me . Eventually I 'll find something useful for this tool , just not for wallpaper removal . So , save yourself some money and buy the Paper Tiger , and not one of its knock offs either . The triple head Paper Tiger is even better , lasts longer , but is more bulky and it is not depth limited .
 We have a Newport brass kitchen set in our house that is only 4 years old and the spray head is leaking . Absent the original invoice for the faucet set the company will not stand behind their product . Needless to say their 10 year guarantee is worthless . Considering the premium price they charge for their products , their customer support is horrific . Avoid like the plague .
 This company has to be the worst!I have over $ 6,000 of fittings in my bathroom . Fittings are less than 3 years old . needed to replace shower cartridge $ 250 and a plastic diverter in the tub faucet sheared , the part could not be worth more than $ 10 , the customer service rep gave me the part number and told me to find a local dealer . The dealer had the part but it was the wrong part . Called customer service again and explained it was not the $ 60 spindle I was looking for it was the small plastic diverter that the spindle turns ... the rep told me that part is not available and I should buy a complete new faucet -LRB- $ 1,300 -RRB- . I asked about warranty and was told if I do n't have original receipt -LRB- I do n't -RRB- to buy a complete new set . I wrote to the company ... no reply . I addressed a note to the president of the company ... no reply.Over priced poorly engineered , and company not at all interested in customers . NEVER deal with Newport Brass .
 Milwaukee 's 6190-20 is a reasonably good dry cut saw , similar in most respects to the other dry cut and abrasive chop saws I 've used . The base and motor support are solidly built . The vise works fairly well , though I wish I could tighten the backstop down just a bit more . The final tension seems just a bit light and is n't adjustable . As far as I can tell , it 's the same design used on most metal-cutting chop saws . Angle markings on the base are n't terribly accurate and the design of the saw makes it difficult to get a combination square next to the fence and blade to verify the angle ; it 's hit or miss whether you 'll end up with perfect 45-degree miters or not-quite-right 44-degree cuts . Compared to an abrasive chop saw , the Milwaukee 6190 cuts much faster , generates very few sparks , and does n't heat the metal appreciably . It does have a tendency to throw metal shavings all over the place , but I find them easier to sweep up than the fine grit that ends up coating the shop after using an abrasive saw . Due the the amount of metal thrown off , I 'll suggest that safety glasses are a requirement when using this tool , in addition to hearing protection . Like most metal cutting saws I 've used , the Milwaukee 6190 does n't feature an electronic soft-start on the motor ; when you squeeze the trigger the motor kicks in at full torque and tends to jerk the blade up or down if you do n't have firm grip on the handle.Unfortunately , the blade is a worthless piece of junk ! Mine started to go dull after four dozen cuts through 2 '' square tubing . In the process , it caught a piece of metal and sucked it into the saw , completely ruining the blade guard ! Luckily , no one was injured when this happened and , surprisingly , the crappy blade was n't damaged . I had the blade re-sharpened , but it only lasted for another dozen or two cuts before it was dull again . Called Milwaukee tech support to see if they had any suggestions for making blades last longer and the only thing they could tell me was that the did n't recommend re-sharpening their blade . I ended up paying $ 105 for aMetal Devil 14-Inch , 72 Toothblade and have had smooth sailing ever since ... minus a working blade guard.Factor the cost of the replacement blade into the purchase price of this tool ... or buy theDeWalt DW872and hope DeWalt supplies better blades !
 This saw works great on light iron , such as purlin . When cutting heavy pipe or structural steel , the blade quickly overheats and the life of the blade is shorter than abrasive blades . Milwaukee does not tell you that this machine is not suited for hardened steel or galvanized iron . I made 10 cuts with this saw on 23/8 in . pipe and the 10 th . cut was the blades last . I was very disapointed in the life of this $ 100.00 blade . If you only cut light iron , this saw is the best . If you plan on cutting any shaft or bolt , forget it . The blade can not handle the heat .
 I had this saw for about a year and have made hundreds of cuts on everything from conduit to 1/4 inch thick square tubing . The original blade life was disappointing , but a quality aftermarket blade at my local saw sharpening service at approximately the same price ; it was still going strong after twice the work . The key to blade life is use some cutting lubricant ; stick wax is my choice since it tends to stay on the blade awhile . Another critical part of blade life is how the work is positioned in relation to the blade coming down . Feed rates vary with material and material thickness ; everything has its sweet spot . If it is fed too hard it may catch and tear off teeth , overheat and warp the blade where it catches . If the feed rate is n't fast enough it can also get hot and even cause the metal being cut to become hardened -LRB- depending on the metal -RRB- . A dry cut blade depends somewhat on every tooth cutting just the right amount of base metal which is cooler than chip the previous tooth cut away ; the chips carry away a lot of the heat . Too heavy of a feed will cause heat generated where the chip tears off the base metal to be conducted into the base metal and into the saw blade . Too light of a feed will cause the blade teeth to cause friction heating of the blade and base metal without the chips carrying heat away . Part of the problem with the OEM blade is the thin kerf which allows less effort on the part of the operator and the machine at the expense of longevity and blade run-out as it heats up.The good : The blade runs true even after hard use.The pivot does n't have much play after hard use.The D handle is comfortable and ergonomic allowing good controlThe vise has a quick release on the screw threadThe bad : The vise wo n't stay where it is positioned because the work clamping screw is offset from the back fence pivot . As it is tightened , it pivots the vise no matter how tight the back fence locking bolt is tightened with the provided bolt arrangement . 45 degree cuts are impossible to reproduce accurately . I even tried adapting a longer through bolt with a spacer to allow a real wrench to tighten it ; which worked a lot better but was n't the total solution.The spring loaded plunger that allows front to back movement of the vise does n't always hit the right spot to position the part being cut in relation to the blade.Milwaukee knows how to make a soft start ; this saw would be a good application.As the vise is pivoted , it moves support away from the blade . Proper support is critical for a good cut and safety.Bottom line : If you are only cutting 90 degree cuts that do n't need to be perfect , it is a good buy . If you are looking for something that will miter cuts consistently , this is n't a good buy -LRB- put your money toward a cold saw -RRB- . If Milwaukee really wanted to make this a great saw , they should copy the vise layout used on many cold saws where two vises are stationary and the saw pivots . I would certainly pay extra to have the part to be cut held properly and the cuts consistent .
 I bought this saw for our metal shop thinking I would save some money on a cold saw . No dice . we have 3 -LRB- $ 100 each -RRB- blades that we keep in rotation sending them to be sharpened to keep my with our semi moderate production . Beyond that I now have had the base crack and the clamp has failed . We have highly experience metal workers using this saw , it is just not up to par . For lightweight extremely occasional use it would be great , or for mobility to a job site . We are using it on lightweight steel and it just wont take the 7 hours of constant use once a week .
 The saw arrived by UPS . The factory box was damaged and showed signs of water damage . The saw was packaged upside down in the box . The saw housing fasteners backed off after a days worth of cutting . This could have resulted in a catastrophic failure if not discovered . The Milwaukee blade lasted half a day . I swithched over to another brand blade with no issues . Overall , I rate the saw as fair after the initial problems with packaging , delivery and quality control where I would give a poor rating .
 Have had mine for three weeks and just installed my third blade today -LRB- at a hundred dollars a pop . If you are buying them with expectations of saving money over the abrasive cut off blades , you will surely be disappointed . I have not cut a lot of metal and the metal i have cut has all been mild steel 1/4 '' hot roll flatstockAm waiting to hear from a milwaukee but i think i am just going to find out they are what they are.Will most likley be selling this one on ebay if i can not get Milwaukee to take it back.The first two blades were the Milwaukee blades . The one i put on today was a Morse I bought from Amazon last week for 138.00
 I 'm very disappointed with this saw . I would give it 0 stars for the money I paid but the Amazon rating system does not allow for no stars.First time I used it the nut came off the bolt that holds the clamp bar and the metal I was cutting came loose and completely ruined the cut I was doing and caused the blade to twist which ended up cutting into the actual base of the saw.Also the clamp does not move smoothly , you will have to jiggle it and jiggle it over and over again to move it into place , it also does not have precise angle markers so you will have to carve your own into the base to be sure you get a clean 22.5 or 45 degree cut.If you plan on doing lots of cutting and lots of angled cuts then do yourself a big favour , spend $ 1500 or more and buy a quality horizontal bandsaw that has lubrication . Otherwise you are just going to spend that extra money on buying $ 100 blades for this saw . Or buy an abrasive cutoff saw instead if you can live with the mess of dust they create . That 's what I did ... I went back to my compound miter saw with an abrasive blade .
 First of all , Amazon has been great throughout the experience , they get 5 + stars . But , Milwaukee needs to do much better at designing this saw . I found upon recieving my saw that it would immediately trip the breaker upon starting the saw , no matter what circuit I plugged it into -LRB- 15 & 20amp -RRB- . I called Amazon and they sent another one out right away without recieving back the original one . They sent out a prepaid return tag with UPS to pick up the 1st saw , Thank you Amazon !!! I used the second saw for about 5 cuts and the breaker started tripping again . I placed an amp probe on the circuit -LRB- with nothing else using that circuit -RRB- and found this saw pulls 136 amps -LRB- peak -RRB- on start up . There are n't going to be too many home breakers that will put up with a hit like that , even for a brief time . I called Milwaukee technical support and their response was to buy a 50 ft 10 gauge extention cord -LRB- about $ 60 - $ 70 with todays copper prices -RRB- to act like a resistor to temper the startup amperage . They seemed to suggest the 3 year old SquareD breakers were the problem . I wired a new 30amp circuit with 10 gauge wire just for the saw . I finally got the saw to stop tripping the breaker but after about 100 cuts the blade is now shot . In the owners manual it states `` To Maximize blade life , increase force on handle until sparks subside '' I think this is what killed the blade . I have been cutting nothing but thin wall 1 '' square tubing and never seen a time where the metal was n't sparking just a little bit . Now I am looking for another blade -LRB- not made by Milwaukee -RRB- to try in this saw . If I had to do this all over again I would stay with the fiber blade saw . When this blade was sharp it cut great , very little burr left but , I cant afford to bed putting in $ 130 - $ 160 blades in this saw every 100 cuts . If theres a blade made that would last , I would probably suggest this saw . But , with the the electrical issues and the blade life ... at this time I would n't buy it . Amazon did have the best price AND great customer service . Thank You Amazon !!!!
 I think self locking tape measures are the best . You pull out the tape , let go , and it stays . To retract it you hold down the button . Whenever you let off the button it will stop . It really feels like it frees up a hand when you use one this style . So why have n't they completely taken the market ? It is because after a while the locking feature starts to wear down . What will start to happen is , you pull out the tape , let go , and rather than staying , it slowly retracts back . It is very frustrating , and pretty much ruins the tape measure.I used this particular tape measure for about 6 months before this happened . In that time I did quite a bit of wood working and I suspect that some dust -LRB- mainly sawdust -RRB- got on the rubber stop that is inside and now acts as a slight lubricant to prevent full lock . So if you -LRB- like me -RRB- love this style and really want one of these , consider using it only for light duty around the house measuring and perhaps yours will last longer . For me , I 'm going back to the standard locking style .
 We have one of these for hauling yard stuff back and forth on a long uneven lawn , and every time it tips over I curse it for how unstable it is . The designers had the challenge , `` how can we make this more unstable than a wheelbarrow ? '' Their solution was first , use wheels that are too small and second , put them right under the load instead out in front of it.If you have one of these , it 's better to pull rather than push it and it wo n't tip over as often . But the best scenario is to buy a wheelbarrow instead .
 This thing will tip over with anything more than air in it . The wheels are too close together and too small .
 We installed this faucet a little over half a year ago . It looks pretty good , and it does n't leak or anything , but it 's not very well made . The biggest problem is that the faucet handles are always working themselves loose . This is true for both handles . Every so often I have to take off the `` H '' and `` C '' caps and tighten the screw inside . Otherwise the handle becomes increasingly wobbly and then falls off . Also , the actual lever part of each handle tends to come loose regularly . It 's easy to fix -- you just tighten it up by giving it a twist . But it 's weird to always have to do that.Additionally , the design does n't make much sense . Having both of the faucet handles project forwards from the faucet instead of upwards may give it an interesting look , but also gets in the way a lot . Position the neck of the faucet too far to either side and it 's almost running right on top of the handle . I suppose this would n't make such a difference if you have a single-basin sink , but my faucet is mounted right over the middle wall of a two-basin sink , so I need to be able to swing the faucet neck to the side when washing pots . The handles frequently get in the way.Still , this is an inexpensive , good-looking wall mount faucet , and it does work . So I 'm giving this two stars instead of just one .
 After a few weeks this faucet began to leak , actually spurt , from the center where the faucet attaches to the body of the assembly . Tightening only temporarily solved the problem . Then the hot water handle loosened and I do n't know how to tighten it . I looked at the return policy of Bob 's Faucets and found that in order to return this defective product , it had to be done within fourteen days , in its originally , uninstalled condition and then only for exchange or replacement with a 20 % fee or some kind . The only reason I gave this product two stars is because it was delivered promptly , is very attractive and would have made a great addition to my old sink . If it worked properly .
 2PK60 `` WashMac ConnectorAlthough most of the product information advertised here is perhaps well intended , some is inaccurate and some clearly misguided . Comments regarding washing machine hoses fall short of having a clear understanding of washing machine hose design , components , and failure rates.For years the standard black epdm -LRB- synthetic rubber -RRB- 3/8 i.d. washing machine inlet hose was the hose OEM -LRB- Original Equipment Manufacturers -RRB- included with new washing machines . Over time , these minimally constructed hoses caused so many millions of dollars in property damage , that eventually a class action suit was initiated against a leading manufacturer and their suppliers . The court awarded the plaintiffs an estimated $ 75 million dollars . After paying out the judgement , that appliance manufacturer chose NOT to supply inlet hoses with most of their washers as a way of limiting future liability for defective hoses and saving millions of dollars by reducing their overall production costs.Some 20 years ago , the introduction of a washer inlet hose jacketed clad in wire braid were regarded as a safer alternative to the old black hoses . What the public was n't aware of was that these wire braided hoses were nothing but a longer version of the flexible supply lines for toilets and sinks that were originally developed to cut construction costs . The wire braid is merely cosmetic and the original single ply hose that was originally part of the assembly was replaced by a plastic tube . I call these hoses `` The Emperor 's new hose . '' Trust me they ai n't what they appear to be . Visit floodchek.com for a reality check.To further prove my point , Google `` class action '' and `` FluidMaster '' and you 'll learn about a new class action suit being organized against a major stainless steel wire braid washer hose manufacturer . Like the old black hoses , stainless steel wire braided hoses fail with regularity too . So you see , `` NO-BURST '' hoses really `` DO-BURST '' . Remember
 Leaky hoses , had to go to Lowes and purchase new ones . Nice waste of money .
 When i received these i found that the internal diameter of the hose was about half the size of of those that came with the washer and dryer I just purchased . The smaller diameter added time to the wash cycles . The braid on the hose was not tight and I was concerned it would wear . Other hoses of this type have a clear vinyl coating . I returned these and received a quick refund ; as usual .
 The user guide shows an image of how to set to 140 NM but the tool has a scale on one side in fractions for Newton Meter and other side in Inch Pounds . One can not match the directions without some calculations as most tools of this type would have LBS or Foot Pounds on the handle scale . I now wonder if this whole shipment/production batch was a defect in Taiwan dumped on Amazon for sale ?
 Wrench broke on first use , internal ratchet system is made out of cheap materials . Upon arrival I wanted to test it by torquing down some tire lug nuts , started fine but when I started to tight the nut to its spec value -LRB- 100 in/ft -RRB- it simpyl snapped . Amazon did refund that 's the only good part of the story . Hope this helps
 I 've gone through several of the original type Leatherman 's over the last 16 years that I 've worn one daily . After making an unvoluntary donation of the last one to Homeland Security after a rush to the airport I ordered a new Leatherman . Was excited initially like with any new toy but that turned to disappointment . First the wrong sheath was included and would not fit the tool . The new design 's blade is shorter and for me that was a problem . Finally the rivet/pivot pins had been stamped so tight in manufacturing that it was too much of a chore to open anything , even after spending considerable time trying to work them free with WD40 . I returned the tool and am considering going with a Gerber or Fiskars .
 I received the product very quickly . However , I was disappointed with the color , as all of my fixtures are oil rubbed bronze and are a shade darker than this Danze product . I will describe this Danze D490637RB lift and turn tub drain conversion kit as a copper color or a lighter shade of bronze . It is definitely not `` oil rubbed bronze '' as we know it to look i.e. a metal in a very dark shade of brown .
 I purchased 3 of these and returned them all due to being scratched . They are packaged in a plastic clam-shell that rubs up against the actual metal parts , and because of this made circular scratches all over the cover and drain . There needs to be a protective foam or something to keep these parts protected . I am tired of buying and returning these , so I will look for something else .
 This product does not work . First they tell you to place plumbers putty under the flange of the part that screws into the drain , and never tell you what to do with the washer itself . Second , the washer in the lift and drop component is less than a millimeter wide , so IT leaks as well . Do yourself a favor and find a better product .
 I am returning this item because it is really not oil rubbed bronze in color . It is actually almost a copper and did n't match any of the other fixtures or accessories in my bathroom . I am disappointed that I have to start my search over .
 i have a two-hole style drain , but the previous owners of the house decided to fill in one of the holes with something that i couldnt even drill through . oh well , this thing came with a two-hole to one-hole adapter . that is pretty awesome of them . I installed the adapter so it would look normal . however , when i go to screw the single-hole drain trim on , the threads on the screws dont match the threads on the adapter . had to power through the aluminum with the steel bolt . it worked , but the bolt got messed up in the process . the threads on the bolt should really match the threads on the bracket . it doesnt make any sense .
 Delta has a reputation for building high-quality tools that will last a long time . Unfortunately , this tool falls far short in my estimation . The poor construction is my biggest complaint with this saw . The aluminum table is flimsy and the saw frame is not rigid . In fact , my saw was so poorly constructed that it shook while running . The dealer suggested I try different blade . This is literally the worst tool I 've ever owned.If you have a need for a bandsaw , spend a little extra money and purchase one of the heavier 14 '' models .
 I purchased a Delta 28-195 Bandsaw 4 years ago for light woodwork as a hobby . If this machine has 10 hours on it , thats alot.The wax ring upon which the blade sits on the wheels dry rotted and I 'm told Delta/Dewalt no longer ` supports ' this product and no parts are available.What a rip off !!!! Delta management sucks ! NO SUPPORT ON THEIR PRODUCTS.Buy ANYTHING ELSE , it ca n't be worse .
 We purchased this saw 6 months ago . The little plastic gear that allows adjustment for the blade gaurd broke . We continue to receive bad news concerning the availibility of this part . Back order , after back order . Why ? We need this saw . It was our fault for the breakage , I just cant believe its not available . We have ordered the gear through GRAINGER Industrial supply here in Wichita Kansas.ThanksSteve Redd
 I ordered this product and while not to Amazons fault the product came defected . A leg on the base was broke off . I called Delta -LRB- from the card in the package -RRB- and asked if they could ship a new piece , it was easy to replace . It cost a total of -LSB- price -RSB- . To my amazement they would not , I had to go through UPS , who shipped it , etc etc. . After a week , I said the heck with it and filled out a return/replacement order and Amazon was great . The old has been picked up and a new one on t he way . So what would have cost -LSB- price -RSB- , cost who knows how much . I guess I dont understand business . I guess I dont understand DELTA . Sears always stands by their products , why doesnt Delta ?
 This `` wire '' broke when I was hanging a light weight canvas . It definitely does not support anywhere near 50 lbs . I also tried to double up the wire on the back by stringing it through twice . The cheap plastic wire stretched out so my canvas dipped almost to the floor and then snapped .
 Go with the regular wire , this does not `` twist and lock '' the way picture hanger wire is supposed to . I am disappointed , since that is what the instructions tell you to do .
 Very disappointing ! This is n't wire , it 's nothing but heavy plastic . Would n't recommend if you want wire . I 'm not sure I will ever use . Very deceiving title
 I ordered this thinking that I should use it as a heavy-duty form of string but that is not the case .
 I would give this minus 5 stars if I could . The blade broke after about 10 minutes of use cutting straight lines in thin plastic.Since I was changing from a 1/4 '' blade , I had to reset all my guides , tracking and tension . The upper blade support was about 1/4 '' above the surface of the plastic . I 've been doing this for 25 + years so I know how to set up a saw for a particular blade.This blade broke after about 10 minutes . And it was probably less than 5 minutes of actual cutting . The job at hand required trimming a stack of 3/8 x 1/8 plastic strips to length.An extended fence was used which supports the plastic strip on both sides of the blade . A cutout was placed in the fence at the blade position and a stop was placed in the T-Fence slot so once the blade got through the plastic it never touched the extended fence .
 I just want to focus on ... blade twist while ripping . I bought this saw knowing it would n't be the best but hoping it would be adequate . The natural blade twist -LRB- always to the LEFT ! despite snugging up the guides as well as possible -RRB- causes you to twist your piece to compensate . This causes burn on the wood and has a tendency to rip the blade out of the guides or bind it . As an added bonus , the guides eventually wear down , worsening the problem ! I took mine back , bit the bullet , and bought a much more useful -LSB- $ -RSB- model . Buyer beware here ! ...
 I purchased this band saw not expecting miracles . That 's good because that 's certainly not what I got . In fact , it 's a miracle I 've tolerated it this long . Please allow me to address the sales pitch above : - Powerful 1/3 hp ball bearing motor for smooth operationThe operation is smooth as long as you run the saw , but do n't cut anything . As soon as you cut something , the fun begins . -LRB- ... -RRB- No attempt to re-tension the blade helped . And as for being powerful , that 's such a relative term . Compared to my electric razor , it 's powerful . They might as well keep the blade guard from opening any wider than 1 '' since that 's about the limit of the saw . - Flexible lamp illuminates table and workpiecelooks nice , hav n't plugged it in yet.-Miter gauge for straight and angle cutting operationsThis is silly since the saw is incapable of making straight cuts since the blade wander is so bad . And there 's plenty of play in the miter gauge slot . I was able to use the miter gauge on my table saw though ! I clamped two miter gauges to a piece of wood on delta 's slightly less lousy portable table saw to remove the slop . Worked great for that.-Rack and pinion upper blade guide adjustment for proper blade positioningThis is like saying that opening doors on a car is a selling point . If you ca n't do this , what 's the point ? - Pre-drilled base holes for easy bench top mountingAh ! At last , a good feature ! I did bolt it to a table , which is a necessity since the saw is so light . To bad everyone has this feature . Did I mention that my car features a steering wheel?Don ' t bother with this saw , save your pennies and get a better one . It 's medeocre at cutting flat boards and totally incapable of resawing anything , so do n't even try . You 'll do far better to get a high-end jigsaw for the same money .
 Motor badly underpowered ... guide block hardware not rigid enough to cut decent circles ... great if all you want to cut is cardboard .
 This is a toy saw . It wil not cut 2 '' or larger stock straight . The Delta name should not be on this product .
 Nothing personal , but Delta dropped the ball on this one.It will make a true mortise cut , but adjusting the chisel with the auger bit is a lot a work.I purchased this tool hoping to save some work.Tends to overheat.I 'm a casual user of this tool.The Idea is wonderful , but needs some re-engineering .
 I bought this mortising attachment for my DELTA 17-950L drill press . The drill press is a 16.5 '' press , Delta brand but does the attachment fit ? Well , that 's the joke . It 's not just that you have to bang the attachment over the quill , but you find -LRB- after banging and scratching up your press -RRB- that the bushings do not fit . Do n't worry , it does n't mention much of anything about this in the directions so unless you read it here you 're going to find out the same on your own after a few hours . Hopefully they 're not hours you intended to use this on a project and some of the few good daylight hours in the middle of winter . OH ! Wait , maybe they 're not only that but the last few daylight hours in the end of an unseasonably warm winter where the weather reports that the weather will be returning to colder , normal winter temps starting in 12 hours for the next few months . Also , heaven forbid you tear this thing up trying to get it on your drill press and have to explain to some retail idiot you 've never even gotten a chance to use it but it looks like you 've abused it for the last 20 years . Oh , and then do n't be in the position of having bought this on a trip to a larger city 120 miles away where they had the only decent woodworking shop in the area . Yeah . Delta , someone needs a good old fashioned beating for this one and I mean a physical beating with a bat or crow bar .
 When I recieved this baby , I thought it looked pretty good.However The parts in the box were from two different models.and the holes in the base did not fit the column base . five holes in the column and four in the base . . Delta has not yet fixed this problem . .
 Where should I start ? The belts that came with it were so tight that it was almost impossible to change speeds and the free Delta replacements were the same size . Had to buy the correct size locally . In the first month - of light use - the chuck would n't stay seated in the taper mortise , so I had to use cylindrical bonding Loctite to secure it so it would n't fall out when drilling . The table column clamp has so much slop that when I need to set an exact height , like for very light milling operations , I have to guess low , by at least a sixteenth of an inch , because the table will rise at least that much when the column clamp is tightened . The excessive chuck run-out makes using any bit smaller than a number 60 a total waste of time and error is annoyingly noticeable with bigger bits , too . Finally , when I needed to drill and countersink about 600 holes in some fence slats -LRB- soft cedar -RRB- the other day , after only fifteen minutes or so into a three hour project , the idler pulley shaft walked out of its bushing and crashed around inside the drive housing !!!!!! After analyzing the problem , I determined that the motor mount will allow the pulleys to be aligned at roughly the same height , OR , in parallel planes , but not BOTH at the same time ! So , every few minutes I would have to stop the machine and peek under the hood to make sure the idler pulley was n't about to make the great escape again . All things considered , I would n't buy another Delta drill press at gunpoint .
 If the magnetic base on this light were twice as strong , it would be worth owning and deserve a high rating . As it turns out , the magnetic base is far too weak for many of the applications that this light is intended for . Here are some things I tried with this light :1 . Standing upright on a cast iron table -LRB- such as a tablesaw -RRB- - This thing nearly jumped out of my hand to stick to my tablesaw .2 . Attaching to the side of my drill press - Basically the magnet would not hold the light in this position . Only if I flexed the neck so the lamp itself hung straight down would it even hold itself to the side of the drillpress - and then it was so wobbly that I was afraid to turn on the press for fear that the light would slide right off ... 3 . Hanging straight down from a metal plate on the ceiling - This light will support itself in this manner so long as nothing bumps it , in which case the magnet gives up and the whole thing falls down.So , I have to say that either I got a bad magnet or this tool is not worth owning , or both . Since a clamp on light will do everything that this can do and more - I do n't recommend that you buy one of these !
 I ordered this magnetic lamp with the intention of using it with a newly purchased Jet Bandsaw . The magnet is strong enough to hold the base to the upper wheel cover , but only with the lamp hanging down . If the flexible arm is angled to the side or up , the base rotates or slips and will not hold its position . This product might work better if the surface to which it is attached is rough rather than the type of smooth painted surface one finds on the Jet saw . Save your money . This one is a dud .
 The lamp rating of this light is something like 30 watts , not very bright unless you can find a reflector bulb that will fit , and the magnetic base , while it mounts firmly to a cast iron table top , does n't hold on the thin sheet metal of a band saw 's wheel covers , the most logical mounting place on a band saw . I find that I only use it on the drill press with its cast iron head .
 First of all , I was shorted two washers and two nuts but at least I got all the screws.The worst thing is that neither my benchtop drill press or my benchtop belt sander fit the universal hole pattern . Now I have to drill 3/8 &#34; holes in thick steel . . thanks.The only recourse I have is the onl ; y one Delta will care about
 Directions provided with stand describe mounting 8 '' and 10 '' band saws . Front page includes28-180 8 '' Band Saw 28-185 8 '' Band Saw 28-160 10 '' Band SawDoes not include 28-150 9 '' Band Saw . Have n't found a set of holes that match up . Stand will not mount saw using 4 bolts as required .
 Even after shimming this fence and spending a lot of time making adjustments it just does n't do the job . It does not clamp onto the table tightly and moves when any pressure is applied . You 're better off using a peice of scrap wood clamped to the table top . I took the fence to the Delta repair center to see if they could offer advice and they had never even seen this product .
 I bought this fence in hopes that it MIGHT improve the performance on my delta 8 '' band saw . Aside from the face that the band saw is really poorly designed , the fence is just as clumsy a design . It is very stiff to move back and forth on the table and will move unless you tighten it alot . And if you do tighten it alot you have to be Hulk Hogan to push the locking clamp down . It is only about 2 '' high . However since this is being used on a really bad saw to begin with , how could you possibly expect more .
 My experience with the # 28-181 rip fence was disappointing , but the vendor Work Tough saw fit to refund my money after I explained problems with the product . The response was immediate , as was the refund . The vendor seemed to agree with my descriptions of out-of-square product , poor fit to the saw table , and a broken piece of potmetal on the front table guide !!
 I knew that this was going to be a less than great product but I did not expect it to be used . They didnt even bother to clean the sawdust out of it !
 Fence was delivered yesterday . No directions on it 's use and I ca n't make it fit securly to the table . I do not recommend it . Will be returning it for credit .
 I bought the saw as I very much liked the integral stand with wings , motor , and compound capability . Unless you plan to do only rough , and I mean rough framing , do not buy this saw . The presets are very sloppy . This saw has never met my expectations for accuracy . I have used no-name saws costing a third the price and obtained better results .
 Overall , I 've been disappointed with the Delta Sidekick miter saw with the integral stand . Almost from day one , I have found pieces of the stand which have fallen off . The screw that the blade guard pivots on was not seated far enough and starting to wobble after a few weeks of use . This was an easy fix , though because I just replaced it with a longer screw . The next thing that happened was that the screw that holds the blade guard on -LRB- back and top of the saw -RRB- broke off rendering the guard unusable . I had to remove the blade guard which makes using this saw a little unnerving . I thought at the time of purchase I was saving myself a few bucks but you know the old adage - you get what you pay for !
 There is nearly nothing about tis saw that i like . It has been constructed very cheaply with plastic parts falling off to major head flex . You will never get an accurate miter cut with this saw due to the excessive movement in the head . The positive stops barely work at all . Go with a Bosch or Makita .
 I 've owned this saw for about 5 years now , and use it primarily in maintenance of rental property . It is too heavy to be easily `` portable '' -LRB- though can be accomplished -RRB- , and the continual set-up/take-down of the saw has taken its toll on the stand . Like others , my stand is losing parts and slowly falling apart . I have also had to dismantle the entire base unit to clean out the sawdust and shavings wedged into the sliding mechanism to achieve full usability of the saw twice now -LRB- about once every two years -RRB- to the tune of 4 hours of work each time . The blade guard finally wore itself out and had to be removed in order to continue using the saw . And other reviewers who have commented on the sloppiness of the cuts are absolutely correct . More than once , I have spent many hours attempting to `` square-up '' my saw -LRB- for crown molding -RRB- and have NEVER been able to get it to cut accurately for more than a couple cuts , even with high-end finish blades.If you are building decks , doghouses , or framing walls , this saw will get the job done . But once you move on to trim work , you 'll be disappointed . Looking at something else when this thing finally dies - probably in a couple years .
 A cousin of mine bought this saw and we have had very good luck with it . Infact , I liked it so much that I went to buy my own . Well , my first saw came and after getting it out of the box I noticed the handle was cracked right where the handle meets the saw . I understand accidents happen in shipping so I sent it back . My new replacement saw came within 5 days . After I opened the box I noticed this saw was cracked in the exact same place ! Even though the saw does perform quite well and is extremely portable I have to give it a pretty low rating since the plastic construction around the handle is not very well manufactured . I since went with the Bosch 10 '' sliding miter saw . Very good saw and extremely durable . For the few extra bucks its worth it . . I hope delta re-engineers this saw to be compatible in quality with the rest of their products . .
 This was supposed to fit the 10 &#34; Delta Bandsaw but no matter what I tried it would not work ... so it just sits collecting dust ... sux
 I was very disappointed with this product . Amazon shows this as an accesory for the Delta 10 '' bandsaw , but it is n't designed to fit . It is definitely not a direct fit , direct bolt on accesory . The table for the 10 '' bandsaw does not have mounting points for this fence , and installation is a lot of work . I 've resorted to clamps and a wooden fence to make things easy ... I would not recommend purchasing this to use with the Delta 10 '' bandsaw ...
 Do not order this knife if you are looking for the original superknife with a screw to hold the blade . What you will receive is a knife with push button blade release that releases the blade when you least expect it .
 Lowes Home Center sells these for under $ 10.00 . I know , I just bought a couple of them on 11/07/09 . Sam
 As a professional homebuilder , I 've used most of the saws on the market . I 've also experimented with blades and saw stands . This saw is simply not well designed . If you ca n't reproduce the same angle of cut consistently , then the saw has no right on a job site . Specifically , the locking system for the miter stop is difficult to control precisely . You must check the gage on both sides to ensure it 's even in the range-forget fine control . More importantly , the sliding system that supports the saw head flexes and allows the blade to deflect . Even with thicker , stiffer blades , I get multiple cut lines on the material . Lastly , the safety guard is dangerously sloppy . It gets stuck on the work material or interrupts saw use in general . With the prices of other well-designed saws dropping -LRB- e.g. Hitachi , Makita -RRB- why even consider this saw . If you inherit one you can use it as a chop saw or for decking ! Delta makes many fine tools , but this is not one of them .
 i bought one of these saws and used it on a few projects , and noticed the cuts were n't square.with the way it drops into each setting , it is hard to get a accurate setting . if you use this for rough framing , it would be a great saw.it is also fairly heavy , so if it has to be moved alot , you might want to consider another saw.i just bought a hitachi c8fb2 , and am very happy with this saw!it can be more easily adjusted than the delta .
 Inaccurate table stops , stand keeps falling apart , motor did not last long , I found this site searching for parts , which are near impossible to find and 3 times more expensive than other brands , I have saws from two other brands with little or no problems , this one is a major dud .
 I bought this drill press , and used it about 3 months before getting rid of it and buying a Jet.Delta products have declined in quality over the past few years -LRB- Unisaw excepted -RRB- , and this drill press is an example of why . It is cheaply made -LRB- made in China by the way -RRB- , from the plastic belt cover to poor mounting design for the motor . Bolt and screw heads are the soft stuff we so often see from China . Adjust them a time or two and you have the usual head problems.Mine ran roughly and vibrated badly . The chuck continually falls out damaging the work piece and/or the bit . Delta 's tech service says to take a hammer and pound it back in place ... now is n't that a nice solution to poor engineering.I would advise against buying it .
 I bought my Delta Model 11-990 for occassional project use . While using the handle the cheap brittle metal of the handle disintegrated in my hands . A fine example of taking a well engineered and well designed product but made with cheap materials . I now have to be suspicious of any Delta manufactured product that I would consider purchasing . I still have n't ordered the replacement parts for the drill because I 'm so mad ... considering putting it on craigslist just to be done with this piece of junk .
 based on the reviews , there seems to be two completely different schools of thought on this product . My vote goes with `` junk '' . Everything is very loose , the chuck is not true , so it turns in an eliptical motion -LRB- instead of a circle -RRB- and while I have n't had problems with the chuck falling off , the method of installation called for in the instructions `` pound it in with a rubber mallet '' -- seriously ! -- makes me certain it is only a matter of time . Also , you have to tighten the chuck with the key extremely hard and the bits still slip nearly every time .
 I purchased this unit a few months ago , I 'm not happy with it . Like so many recent reviews of Delta products , the quality just is n't there any more . My biggest grip is the chuck . I followed the direction to the letter and the first time I use it , the chuck fell off . It destroyed the piece of wood I was working with as well as the bit before I could turn the drill off . I had to replace the chuck because it was bound up after . I spent the $ $ -LRB- ... -RRB- to buy a good one from another company . This is my last Delta product !
 Very disappointing performance ; I purchased this collector as a direct replacement for a Shopsmith collector rated at 330 cfm because I wanted improved performance . It 's connected to a 20 foot long 4 inch diameter PVC manifold with long radius taps along its length with only one connected at a time.Because the Delta 50-850 is rated at 1200 cfm I expected better ; it does n't even inflate the upper bag fully . I called Delta Service and was informed that Delta rates their unit as a bare blower only-no intake pipe or bag ! Further , I was told that I was foolish to expect good performance unless used with only one woodworking machine -LRB- which I do -RRB- and with a hose length of 6 feet or less -LRB- which I do n't -RRB- . Perhaps I am supposed to be happy with the extra noise it provides rather than better sawdust collection than the Shopsmith 330 . I would not recommend my ... mistake to others .
 Disappointed , but Delta rectified the problem . They do stand by their products . I own a lot of Delta woodworking equipment . I have a 10 inch Unisaw , 14 inch Bandsaw , 8 inch jointer and 13 inch planner , a Drill press , a Belt/disk sander , jigsaw , mortiser etc. and I love them all . The Delta 50-850 has been a nuisance . The 11/2 hp 3450 rpm Tiawan motor keeps burning out starting capacitors . No , I do not overload it and I have not had any jams . I have replace three capacitors since I bought it in late 1997 . The capacitors sell for less than $ 10.00 . On my last visit to my motor service/repair shop -LRB- fall of 2003 -RRB- I observed an identical Delta 50-850 in for a total motor rebuild . I was advised that chronic capacitor failure is often due to a faulty switch inside the motor . My dust collect has just burned out another capacitor -LRB- June 2004 -RRB- . If you visit the Delta repair parts WEB site you will find they want $ 310.00 plus shipping for a new motor . Would a new Delta motor be any better ? That is more than a whole new dust collector from the AMAZON.com . The good news is that even though the machine was made in 1997 , Delta stood by thier product and will replace the motor !
 I bought this dust collector in November . It 's now mid-January , and I have not yet used it . When first tested , it promptly blew four 20 amp slow blow fuses in succession , on a circuit that I have used for many , more powerful tools . I took it to a Delta repair shop . After five weeks , I got it back with a new motor , at no cost . It still blows fuses . I called Delta 's `` hot line '' , and was told that a 20 amp circuit is not enough . They recommend 30 amps , or re-wire it for 220 volts . I think I now know why it wo n't start . The impeller -LRB- fan -RRB- is a massive thing , rather crudely rivited together from heavy sheet steel . It has so much inertia that the motor ca n't get up to speed before the fuse blows . Aside from the motor loading , I question the use of steel in a fan that would be expected to handle wood dust and metal particles , due to the potential for creating sparks/explosions .
 I have heard on the news that companies often pay people to write glowing reviews of thier products and after reading these reviews I would have to be very suspicious . Nobody would really write this kind of crap . None of these five star reviews seem genuine . Who do they think they are kidding ? In this case I am only left with a disgusting feeling of never wanting to buy anything from Delta .
 First the positive ... This machine really moves the air . No matter how many shavings I make , they disappear immediately . My title for this review is probably too negative , but I could n't resist.On the down side , there are several problems . First of all , the machine is shipped set up for 115 volts , but after less than an hour of use it started blowing its built-in circuit breaker on start up . The house wiring is fine - all brand new and to code or better . I ended up switching to 230 volts , and the problem was solved . It 's not hard to do , but wo n't help you if you do n't have a 230 volt outlet where you need it . Second , this thing makes the air in the shop much dirtier than when using no dust collection at all . It is so bad that it leaves a sawdust-colored patch on the wall by the upper collection bag . I have to wear a dust mask even if the work I 'm doing makes only big shavings and little dust . After all , it 's the fine dust that is the most dangerous for your health . The finer bag they do n't include is well over $ 100 . Third - the band which secures the lower dust bag is n't very finely adjustable . I had to experiment with folding over the edge of the bag different numbers of times until I could get the band to close and not leak even more dust . Fourth - the unit sometimes makes a squealing sound which goes away if I bang on the impeller housing . Not a good sign . My fifth and last item is not really a complaint about this product , but be warned that moving so much air is noisy . This thing is a whole lot louder than my 3 HP table saw .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 I received my dustbags today and tried to put them on . Unfortunately what I received must have been a training version for a first-day employee . It was covered with red marker ink indicating where they were supposed to sew loops and seams . Unfortunately , the person marking it must have also been having a bad day . Some loops were marked and sewn 5 '' apart , while others , were more that 24 '' apart -LRB- trust me , I measured -RRB- . Needless to say , I have requested an exchange from Amazon -- let 's hope Delta 's QC folks do n't let more of these out.Also typical of the last few teims I purchased from Delta , the packaging and/or directions do n't match the current state of the product -- this one came in a package that said top dust bag , so I started to worry , but then there was obviosly the bottom bag in the package as well .
 I received my dustbags today and tried to put them on . Unfortunately what I received must have been a training version for a first-day employee . It was covered with red marker ink indicating where they were supposed to sew loops and seams . Unfortunately , the person marking it must have also been having a bad day . Some loops were marked and sewn 5 '' apart , while others , were more that 24 '' apart -LRB- trust me , I measured -RRB- . Needless to say , I have requested an exchange from Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- -- let 's hope Delta 's QC folks do n't let more of these out.Also typical of the last few teims I purchased from Delta , the packaging and/or directions do n't match the current state of the product -- this one came in a package that said top dust bag , so I started to worry , but then there was obviosly the bottom bag in the package as well .
 I bought this because I am making a set of morris chairs that require a lot of mortising . The primary problem that I have had is that the chisel holder tends to slip up the quill and that it takes a LOT of pressure to drill the holes . I eventually fixed part of the slipping problem by putting a hose clamp above the chisel holder on the quill , but then the holder started slipping over the ring that goes between the chisel holder and the quill . Finally , in an effort to tighten it enough , I broke the handle on the chisel holder . All in all I am fairly unhappy and quite disappointed .
 This item worked as advertised -- converting my benchtop drillpress into a mortiser in about 10 minutes . Though it 's tough to get square and set , once you do it does n't move much . The parts are all solidly made and the fit and finish is just fine . Comes with a nice assortment of bits too . I will say that the chisels `` cooked '' -LRB- turned blue -RRB- pretty quick , but that may have been my own mistake.The only problem is that the whole thing is a bad idea . There are lots of reviews out there that talk about the convenience of this type of unit , but there are a few GREAT discussions about what a dupe it is . Notably , -LSB- ... -RSB- covered this device with an accurate review.This item is no substitute for a benchtop mortiser , but a good plunge router or a drill/chisel is ! A benchtop mortiser is supposed to save you time and give you better quality . I 'd argue that the time spent setting this thing up -LRB- and taking it back down -RRB- , could be better spent either building a jig for router cut mortises or cutting them `` manually '' using a drill and chisel . The quality of the cuts it makes is so-so , meaning you have to tune them by hand anyway . So , on both the convenience and quality front it falls short.When you consider the cost , it 's a no brainer . For what you 'd spent on this tool , you 're half way to a SUPER plunge router -- or a `` real '' benchtop mortiser -- and all the way to a good used or refurbished one . The router 's more versatile , so the money you spend gets you a lot more . I 'd definitely recommend a harbor freight mortiser over this unit.So ... it does what it 's supposed to do -- pretty well in fact . To me though , the whole idea is a bad one , and your money is better spent on another tool that will give you better quality mortises and a lot more capability .
 The overall package seemed very good . Nice to have a case to store it , but the only problem I had was it does n't fit my Ridgid drill press quill . It might say it fits up to a certain size , but there are only three size adapters . Be careful to check your machines diameter and radius exactly . Had to send it back and was charged $ 14 for it .
 The attachment seemed like a good product , but did not fit my Craftsman drill as it said it would . Now , I had to pay shipping back to Amazon.com . I 'm not happy with that !
 The Delta Mortiser kit was incompatible with my Hitachi DP . I do not think that there was anything wrong with the kit . I am confident that it would have worked satisfactorily with a Delta DP
 I 'm in the market for a new drill press -- and thought I 'd toss in this mortising attachment for good measure . The product description lists five Delta drill presses that work with the Delta 17-924 mortising attachment . None of those models is currently available for sale through Amazon . The reviews indicate that the product works with other drill presses too , but how is one to know ? Looks like Delta needs to do a little updating here . -LRB- One star for `` nice try . '' -RRB-
 I 've been using this attachment for a couple of years now . I recommend it only if you can not afford a bench top mortiser.First , attaching the fence to my 161/2 '' Delta drill press is not easy at all . In fact , it 's a real pain in the keester . You would think this would be easy because it is a Delta drill press but it is n't . Second , the workpiece holddowns are cheap and difficult to work with . No matter what you do , the workpiece moves when you do n't want it to move , or it stays put when you want it to move . It 's not a good design.Third , the chisels do not drill perfectly square holes . The auger bits are just a hair bigger than the chisels . So , you end up with a circle with square corners . This effect is more pronounced the bigger the chisel/bit . I finally ditched the table accessories and built my own table jig -LRB- which works surprisingly well and looks cool too -RRB- . This solved the first two issues . If it is really important to have perfectly square mortises , I cut them by hand . This solves the final issue . -LRB- Note
 My woodshop has the typical tools and my projects include both non-exotic and exotic woods . The AP200 works sitting on a bookcase but the outer filter clogs quickly . Since these filters run about $ 24 in packs of two I stopped buying them and purchased an electrostatic filter that is washable for $ 44 delivered from -LSB- ... -RSB-
 A few people have commented on the price of Delta replacement filters , which are slightly smaller than - some - standard filters . Be aware that less expensive , high quality filters can be found.Most standard filters have actual dimensions that are a bit smaller than the nominal size . A typical 12x24x1 filter might actually be 11.75 x 23.75 x .75 or 11.625 x 23.625 x .75 -LRB- both too big for the AP2000 -RRB- . However , there are companies whose 12x24x1 is actually 11.5 x 23.5 x .75 -- which is a perfect fit -LRB- sort of -RRB- for my AP200 -- Endust is one such filter I can buy locally , and a three-pack of Merv-6 pleated filters can be had for about the price of ONE Delta filter . As with the Delta , I can extend the life of my filters by vacuuming out sawdust , etc.Sort-of perfect fit means perfect in the 23.5 dimension , and perfect-once-installed in the 11.5 dimension . From what I recall , the Delta filters are 11.375 , so you can push it up into the top track , then swing the bottom over the bottom track and drop it into place . The extra 1/8 inch of my filters requires that I gently bend the filter to swing the bottom into the track , but once in , it is a nice snug fit -- no need to tape the edges.Searching the internet tonight , I found 11.5 x 23.5 x .75 Merv-8 filters at $ 5.49 / each when you buy a case of 12 , and Merv-13 at $ 12/each when you buy a case of 6 -- both with free shipping . Look around -- you can find affordable filters that will fit .
 The Delta A200 Shopmaster air filter is an excellent product , however Delta brand filters , at more than $ 12 each , are way too expensive ! I ordered a box standard 12x24x1 furnace filters , 10 for around $ 32 . When the filters arrived they were of equal or better quality then the Delta filters , HOWEVER , they are just slightly too large ! Seems like Delta forces you to use their off-size filter , rather than an industry standard . I assume they see consumables as a high margin business.I suggest you consider another other brand air filter system , like Jet , and determine if they can use standard sized filters . If yes , DO NOT buy the Delta air filter system . In the longrun , you will save a ton of money if you can use a standard filter .
 This gadget will work fine if you 're drilling in something like thin baseboard molding , etc. or other light weight stuff . Any thing heavier than a 2x4 you can forget about decent support . You have to make an allowance on the height of your support to compensate for the swag you are going to get because of the weight . I wish I had bought a floor support stand instead .
 Assembled and put on drill press ; the arms that have the rollers attached were n't high enough to clear the stock that was in the vice attached on top of the drill press table . consequently had to make an alteration by welding three quarters inch square stock onto the existing arm to lengthen . Would I buy it again ? NO !
 The filter did n't match the old filter for the 50-868 air cleaner that I have . Even Delta tools do n't have the same filter that I have been using for the past year . The quality of the filter is not as good . The old filters , filtered smaller particles than the new .
 As long as you 're not expecting the Delta product that `` Filter Guru '' advertises , it will do the job . This is not manufactured by Delta , not does it bear any Delta branding . The vendor insists that it is the Delta product . They also refuse to change the page to honestly tell you that it is a third party product . IMHO - this is approaching fraud . Had I known that it was not made by , nor endorsed by , Delta I would have not have made the purchase . As I needed it quickly for a project , I 'm stuck.If you want to get what you order , look elsewhere .
 I own a 58-860 and believe this will fit but what does exact product with no Delta label mean ? First off the label on the original is Purolator . Second if this is supposed to be exactly the Purolator part why is n't that label mentioned ? I 'd be leary of a part that is unlabeled keeping 1 micron dust from my lungs .
 So bad I returned it . It was like clear paint with some pigment mixed in . -LRB- Yes , I shook it for 2 minutes before using -RRB- . Would have taken 3 or 4 coats to do what Rustoleum spray paint does in 1 or 2 coats . Horrible.Maybe I just got a bad can . In that case , 1-star for feeble quality control . A paint company should know better .
 The can was a disaster ! The new `` comfort spray '' did not work well at all , and seemed to drip paint everywhere rather than actually spray . I was covered in paint after trying to use it a couple of times before giving up . Very wasteful , messy , and annoying . Will definitely not be purchasing anything with the `` comfort spray '' grip again .
 The last can of Krylon I bought sprayed horribly inconsistently . There were lots of globs that came shooting out , coating both the wood I was painting as well as covering my hand . I shook the can before using and while painting . I 've never seen spray paint this bad before . I used a can of Valspar spray paint and it worked beautifully . Nice even spray . Not sure what 's going on as I have used Krylon years ago and it worked fine . I guess the old adage is true , `` they just do n't make them like they used to '' .
 I have used Krylon as my go to paint for many projects over the years . It always went on easily , laid down nicely to a good finish , covered well , and rarely sagged or ran . in short it was very forgiving for an occasional user like myself . These properties were a result of getting the formula just right for surface tension , viscosity , the perfect ratio of pigment to solvent , and the correct drying time to balance between flashing off too fast so it ca n't flow , to drying too slowly so it wo n't sag or run . Because of this for decades Krylon was my go-to spray can paint choice every time . I would drive to another hardware store in another town to get it over any other brand if I had to . It used to be that good.Well the regulations about paint have changed and virtually all paint manufacturers are scrambling to change thier formulas to comply . Not just spray cans , but all paints from professional automotive finishes to house paints . Like everyone else Krylon has had to change thier formula.But the new Krylon is not so great . It has too little pigment to solvent , which means you have to put down multiple thin coats , or apply a thicker coat to cover . BUT WAIT ! When you lay this new formula paint on thin you get flash-off before it flows ... . which resluts in a rough granular sort of surface , and if you lay it on a little thicker it dries too slowly which then leads to two kinds of problems
 I did not know at the time of purchase that this fixture did not come with a mounting bracket . Other than this problem there is nothing wrong with the light and it works well . I simply had to drill a hole in the housing and screw it to the wall . Granted I cant aim the light like I could if it had a bracket but it does what I needed it to do .
 I work for a cable company wan wanted to get back ups or all my hand tools some i ordered from the company for free but I didnt want to order all of my tools and bring up and questions so i bought a few . I got this sleeve tool and it does not fit correctly over our pct-trs-l6 fittings . It dose fit in the sleeve but i have a hell of a time getting it to get on the fitting if i can get it one . I can put the fitting in backwards center conductor pointing in to the shaft of the sleeve tool but if a sleeve is on it and you need to loosen it good luck . I am hoping to get in contact with the seller soon .
 This item no longer fits this saw . I have been trying to send it back for a month now but have not been able to . if you buy this item you will be stuck with an expensive piece of junk .
 The location of the 3rd wheel needs to be closer to the end of the base . Where it is does not properly balance the saw with extension . The wheel does not turn freely & I have to set it down an manually turn the wheel when I need to change from pushing to pulling the saw -LRB- which happens a lot with two fixed wheels -RRB- . The center wheel is also a cheep hard caster that scratches my floor finish when turning .
 The build quality of this unit is very good , however the design leaves a bit to be desired . There are a number of negatives and annoyances which leave me wishing I had bought one of the other brands.There 's no dust collection port . That seems silly , and I kick myself for not having noticed that before buying it . I thought something this expensive should have that basic feature.You ca n't open the saw cabinet once this is installed . Being that this is made by Delta , you 'd think they would have noticed that problem and prevented it.No provision for the switch cabling . They give you a place to mount the switch in a convenient location , but no good way to route the wires . I drilled the tube myself and ran them through.The add-on `` kit '' to use this with a Biesemeyer fence is just a flat piece of metal , and it 's too soft/thin so it flexes and fails to support everything properly . The price is ludicrous for what you get . You 're much better off buying a piece of angle iron and drilling it yourself.Overall , for the expensive price of this , I expected much more . The Biesemeyer guard is much better designed and has dust collection . It may not have the remote switch , but I 'd rather have DC and be able to open my saw cabinet . I 'd take any of the others instead of this one .
 The picture that is presented for this Delta Saw Blade Guard product is NOT what you will receive . The electronics you see on the armature are NOT included in the order . There is nothing `` Duluxe '' about this product and is NOT the great deal Delta advertises . Though the guard works fine I was not satisfied with the amount I paid for this . Buyer Beware .
 Bends quite easily , and has rough edges . It even arrived bent , and I had to bend it back with my hands to -LRB- approximately -RRB- straight.The GreatNeck 11059 Aluminum Rafter Angle Square may be low cost , but that 's all it 's worth .
 I had been using Vermont American blades , and since Delta products USED TO BE quality , I tried them . The first blade broke within five minutes of installation , the second blade wo n't stay on the tires . I trekked out and bought a Vermont American that cuts much faster , turns easier , and is tracking straight on the saw . The VA blades are made under Bosch supervision in the US , the Delta blades are made in Mexico . Save money and buy VA. . Three thumbs down on this one .
 Have found the bandsaw blade to be inferior , have broken several despite adjustments to tension and tracking adjustments , the weld is weak .
 You have to hold the button down and it is odd shaped and small . Not user friendly . I would not recommend to a friend .
 had trouble with this blade as it didnit have blade set . Returned it once for a replacement and the second blade was in the same condition as the first . It appears th ; at this was a bad manufacture that got through quality control.Handling of the returns was good .
 I have urgently replaced this base -LRB- suppose to be mobile base -RRB- by HTC2000 . Absolutely no contest . Wheels are too small to keep equipment parallel to the floor surface . In addition , it is not as sturdy as HTC2000 ; is more expensive and is more cumbersome .
 I purchased three of these Delta Mobile Bases , model 50-345 . Very disappointed at the poor quality control of the hardware included . Each of the 16 bolts for each base were too short for the nuts to engage the threads of the bolts . I had to go to the local hardware and purchase 48 bolts -LRB- at a cost of $ 17.55 -RRB- that were longer in order to be able to assemble the bases . If you purchase these Delta Mobile Bases , model 50-345 , be prepared to purchase additional hardware at your own cost in order to be able to use the bases .
 I do n't think this was worth the effort putting it together . Good thing I had a drill press to get good alignment or it would have never worked . The biggest disappointment was how little it actually raised the table @ 1/4 '' Not nearly sufficient for my needs as I like to move my stuff out of the shop to the deck . Clearance was ' t enough to make it over door frame on the floor . If you have lots of time and like projects and only have to shift the table around a little then this might work for you . Personnally I think I could move the table over just as easy without this thing . I have a scroll saw on the table in question . My other table with the miter saw is equipped with locking casters that I afixed myself . This works quite nicely . Got the $ 7 dollar ones from Amazon . Quite pleased .
 I purchased this for my jointer , but after setting all the pieces together on my bench , I realized the smallest width it could be was 16 '' . My jointer measures 12 '' . I had to put a plywood base into the finished framework to set the jointer on . I have the HTC mobil base and for now on thats what I will purchace . As with the other reviewers , It 's sloppy with the 11/2 '' boards . The back roller run on the outside edges because of the slop . They tell you to drill 7/16 '' holes and that is way to big . For those of you that do n't have a drill press , you need to mark both sides of the boards and drill from both sides . This will give you a more accurate hole . I am verry dissapointed with this mobil base .
 I have two of these mobile bases and an HTC mobile base . I prefer the HTC because the foot lever on the Delta protrudes into the shop walking area and causes a tripping hazard . I 've tripped over them many times and tehy get in the way when I use the tools . The foot actuated operation is nice -LRB- although it tips the tool at angle uncomfortably far from vertical -RRB- but in my small shop , I need all the real estate I can get . I plan to replace the Deltas with HTCs when I can afford it . The HTC base uses two locking knobs to keep the wheels from moving while the tool is in use . It 's less convenient than a foot lever , but it works well .
 I think these would be great for lighter homeowner type tools or tools that are somewhat light to start with such as drill presses and band saws . I actually purchased it for a Rockwell cabinet saw . The saw is simply to heavy for the light weight metal these are made out of . However , I like the concept so well that one of these days I might just go to the metal yard and get some steel tubing and weld up something a bit more stout for the saw . I will probably take this and use it on some other machine . So my recommendation would be it is OK for a contractor type table saw but not a light industrial iron table saw , jointer , or planer .
 the product was made in China , which explains it 's quality control problem . The design is good , but Delta is not watching it 's suppliers close enough . The main problem was the assembly hardware was a mix of Standard bolts and metric nuts . In a couple of cases a specific bolt would be standard and its matching nut would be metric . I would probably not buy this product again .
 Total junk . I would not own it had this purchase not been made with a gift coupon and this was the only 105 '' 3TPI blade I could find for sale by Amazon . The weld is crooked , I had to set the thrust bearings a good 1/8 '' behind the blade , otherwise the weld would contact the bearing as it passed by.Save your money and buy a Timberwolf , Lennox , or Starrett . If you have one , use it for cutting cruddy stuff like MDF & particle board that you do n't want to use a good blade on .
 I ordered several Delta band saw blades when I got my new band saw . I thought , how bad can they be ? Well , really bad is the answer . All of them . Cutting 3/4 '' hard wood was like cutting steel . I got some blades from another vender and it made a world of difference . Do n't waste money on Delta blades . Zero would be a better rating .
 I ordered several Delta band saw blades when I got my new band saw . I thought , how bad can they be ? Well , really bad is the answer . All of them . Cutting 3/4 '' hard wood was like cutting steel . I got some blades from another vender and it made a world of difference . Do n't waste money on Delta blades . Zero would be a better rating .
 I bought this blade along with a higher priced blade Delta 28-964 to find out if it would be usable in my business . I installed the blade and was disapointed at how poor the quality was . The set on the teeth made me skew the work piece about 20 degrees to the side in order to get the blade to cut a straight line . I surely would not want to make a curved cut that required any accuracy . Unfortunatly , I did n't need the blade till after the return period expired or it would have went back . The better blade was installed and it cut just fine without any adjustments to the saw .
 I ordered several Delta band saw blades when I got my new band saw . I thought , how bad can they be ? Well , really bad is the answer . All of them . Cutting 3/4 '' hard wood was like cutting steel . I got some blades from another vender and it made a world of difference . Do n't waste money on Delta blades . Zero would be a better rating .
 Has a high annoying sound when you open the water , I thought that the brass part would look nice , but it did n't , since it 's kind of hidden in the back and you do n't really see it .
 I ordered several Delta band saw blades when I got my new band saw . I thought , how bad can they be ? Well , really bad is the answer . All of them . Cutting 3/4 '' hard wood was like cutting steel . I got some blades from another vender and it made a world of difference . Do n't waste money on Delta blades . Zero would be a better rating .
 My husband purchased three of the Frugal Flush items , in hopes that if one worked fine for us , he would change the units in my daughter 's house , as she constantly experiences failures in at least one of her toilets . Unfortunately , we find that the expense was n't justified , as these do not perform any better than the cheaper ones he 's found at Lowe 's or Home Depot . He has had to adjust for almost the maximum water flow just to get a proper flush , and typically we have to flush twice for solids to be completely eliminated ; no water savings there ! We were hoping to have a better report , but find that we will likely soon return the two unused products for a refund .
 I bought this blade a little over a year ago and it 's one of the biggest wastes of money that I 've ever seen . Cuts through solid wood are only fair but the cuts through plywood leave a lot of tear out and the bottom is uneven and very rough . If you look closely at the picture you will see that there is a small plate attached to the inside of both the outter blades . I though these were a machined on integral part of the blade . NOT !! They are simply glued on as I discovered when one fell off . The quality of construction on this dado is way below par . Spend the extra money and get a Freud or Forrest -LRB- if you really have the extra dough -RRB- . You will not regret it as I now do .
 You get what you pay for . The bottom of the groove is not flat . The width of cut is not precise requiring lots of time to set up and shim . The side walls are not clean . I would recommend saving your money and buying the more expensive Freud . It is a tough pill to swallow , but you will not be happy with this dado blade .
 The blades are not balanced and the bores are several thousands of an inch oversize which contribute to the out-of-balance condition . This also contributes to the grooved bottom of the dado cut . Not for precision work .
 The 8 '' Delta stacked dado is dismal . I set it up to make a 1/4 '' box joint . Could probably have done better with a chisel . One of the outer blades is a larger diameter than the other , making a ragged bottom in the groove . Tried the same thing set at 3/8 '' . Joint would n't fit right . Turns out the dado is really about .42 '' wide . Further setups revealed the chippers are not a uniform diameter . Do n't waste your money on this . Spend it on a good one , like maybe a Freud or a Jesada . You pay for what you get . I wasted -LRB- my money -RRB- on this . I 'm going back to my old Craftsman 7 '' wobble-head dado . The Delta may become an anchor for my boat . Maybe it can do that right !
 I 'm really disappointed in the 35-535 dado set . The blades create tearout and splintering and leave jagged , cupped dados . I bought the dado set as I thought it would be a good match for my Delta Saw-thinking I 'd stay with the brand . Opt for a Freud or other make . I 've contacted Delta with my displeasure and will request a refund . I do have other Delta tools-table saw , planer , dust collection and I 'm pretty satisfied with those .
 The 8 '' Delta stacked dado is dismal . I set it up to make a 1/4 '' box joint . Could probably have done better with a chisel . One of the outer blades is a larger diameter than the other , making a ragged bottom in the groove . Tried the same thing set at 3/8 '' . Joint would n't fit right . Turns out the dado is really about .42 '' wide with the two outer blades and one chipper . Further setups revealed the chippers are not a uniform diameter . Do n't waste your money on this . Spend it on a good one , like maybe a Freud or a Jesada . You pay for what you get . I wasted -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- on this . I 'm going back to my old Craftsman 7 '' wobble-head dado . The Delta may become an anchor for my boat . Maybe it can do that right !
 I ordered several Delta band saw blades when I got my new band saw . I thought , how bad can they be ? Well , really bad is the answer . All of them . Cutting 3/4 '' hard wood was like cutting steel . I got some blades from another vender and it made a world of difference . Do n't waste money on Delta blades . Zero would be a better rating .
 As with most of Delta 's band saw blades - these are terrible . They do not track well and dull easily . If you are a cheapskate like I am and do n't want to spend more money for several blades , then give up and buy one premium blade such as a `` Timber Wolf '' instead . You 'll be glad you did . They track extremely well on much lower tension settings . You wo n't believe the positive difference they make .
 My joiner is an old 41/8 inch Craftsman . It runs pretty good but the knives are not easy to set . This jig seemed to be just the thing but there are two short comings I found :1 . When the jig is lined up with the knife at top dead center , the screws holding the knife in place are not accessible . So the jig has to be moved forward enough to get the knives to rotate just a bit . By this time , the knives are to high . With this set up , no amount of tweeking got both knives parallel and at the same height.The way I tested whether the knives were parallel was to join a piece of scrape -LRB- 3/4 x 31/2 -RRB- . This joined edge -LRB- 3/4 -RRB- was placed on the cast iron saw table and a square was used to see if the 31/2 side was 90 degrees to the table . I never had a test run where this was the case.Another way I came up with was a ruler . The ruler was placed on the infeed side with the `` 6 '' on the very edge , side closest to the fence . Then the cutter was rotated until the steel blade hit the ruler . The contact point on the ruler was noted . In my case , this was about 71/16 on the ruler . Then the ruler was moved to the other end of the knive and the process was repeated . Most of the time I could not detect a difference so maybe my machine is the real problem .2 . The magnets were not strong enough to pull up the knives every time . Sure , the jig would stick to the cast iron table but the knives would often stay put . I used a spare rare earth magnet to pull the knives up to the jig magnets . Once in place , the knives would stay put most of the time . I ended up making another little tool with the magnet screwed to a scrap piece of wood . This was used to pull the knives up to the jig magnet.So , I 'll keep the tool as it came by way of UPS and sending it back would not be free . But I would be very careful about recommending the jig .
 It may be because f lack of knowledge but I could never get the 1/8 inch blade to stay centered . It kept slipping off and finally broke . I replaced it with a 1/4 inch blade and had no trouble with it .
 I bought this blade to run in my Jet 12 inch band saw . I am fairly certain I have it set up properly and it cuts very poorly . The offsets on each teeth are very large and thus it leaves an extremely rough cut on any wood unless you feed the wood at a very slow rate and thus burn it . The roughness is so bad you cant even sand it out so I dont recommend this blade at all
 First of all , the instructions that come with this lever are USELESS except for a couple of pictures . They are n't written in good English -LRB- `` alien wrench , '' for example -RRB- and they are not detailed at all.To Begin
 I purchased this 1/8 '' blade to allow my bandsaw to compete with the scroll saw on radius cuts . The bandsaw is must faster cutting than the scrollsaw , and this blade is rated at a 3/16 '' radius cut , so I thought I would give it a try.While the speed of cutting the 3/4 '' oak is great , the accuracy is not as precise as expected . The blade tends to wander with the grain of the oak , following the path of least resistance . I tried various different blade tension and blade guide adjustments , but the 1/8 '' blade would still wander about . It makes a great rough cut , but not precise enough to be the final cut , even for a 2 inch radius cut , yet alone the claimed 3/16 '' radius rating.Thinking I was doing something wrong with the blade settings , I 've had several other woodworkers over to take a look and offer suggestions . They have come up with the same results . The scrollsaw is not as fast cutting , but in the long run , it 's single precise cut with no rework is must faster.I will continue to play with the 1/8 '' blade to get it to work the way it is advertised for the small radius cuts , but in the meantime , my bandsaw will mainly have a 3/4 '' resaw blade installed .
 Bought this item and it does n't fit the track in my table saw without my sanding down the paint on the sides of the mitre track bar
 I am a professional cabinet builder , bought this saw in Sept. 2002 , and have had trouble with the switch going out . The motor is no longer as powerful as it used to be either . I have bought a Makita now to try out for a few years and am selling this one while it still has a little life . I do n't believe this saw is made for commercial work . Note , I have NOT abused this saw , it just has had a lot of use day in and day out .
 When I bought a Bosch power tool I thought now I have the best . After the first cut with my new sliding compound miter saw I realized I had real clean up problems . Bosch 's dust bag absolutely does not work at all . I mean NOT AT ALL ! I 'm very disapointed with Bosch for putting a saw on the market that blows saw dust and chips everywhere except in the dust bag . The design is the real problem , chips do n't stand a chance of going into the dust bag . Bosch has got to know this , but why they continue to produce a dust breathing monster is beyond me . I have over $ -LSB- money -RSB- bucks in this saw and hate to use it . Buyers beware ...
 Started on fire after 4 hours of use . I 'm now looking up the local service center ... . Should have got a Delta or Ridged .
 When I bought a Bosch power tool I thought now I have the best . After the first cut with my new sliding compound miter saw I realized I had real clean up problems . Bosch 's dust bag absolutely does not work at all . I mean NOT AT ALL ! I 'm very disapointed with Bosch for putting a saw on the market that blows saw dust and chips everywhere except in the dust bag . The design is the real problem , chips do n't stand a chance of going into the dust bag . Bosch has got to know this , but why they continue to produce a dust breathing monster is beyond me . I. . . hate to use it . Buyers beware ...
 My friend bought this from Amazon and loved the saw ... Only thing he complained about was Amazon charged him Shipping cost . . which used to be free.I would recommend buying at local stores instead of Amazon as beauty of Buying from Amazon is Gone !!! . . they now charge a Shipping fee ... Checkout local stores and compare how much you will save before buying from Amazon .
 The cover is well made and as such a very good product . Putting it on the camp oven is not easy due to the fact that it fully encloses the oven , top and bottom . It is for me to much trouble putting it on the camp oven . I would have preferred a cover which fits over the oven like a hood with an open bottom . This would cover the oven and keep it out of the weather and that is all I do need . I do not want to wrestle the oven while putting it into a complete enclosed storage bag it is getting to cumbersome for a 75 year old guy .
 The Kingston Brass series of Toilet Tank Levers is designed to incorporate forced flow restriction for toilets . There is a piece in the unit that has two prongs -LRB- as in the picture -RRB- between which the arm actually rests . The space between the two prongs is the only space the arm has to move in . As a result , the arm can not be lifted enough to lift the flapper in any toilet . If you hook the flapper with absolutely no give on the chain and the arm in the absolute lowest position , then you lift the arm as much as possible by pressing the handle/lever down as far as it will let you , the flapper rises almost enough but not enough and the toilet flushes weakly , using a maximum of one half of the amount of water an old-style lever would have allowed you to use -LRB- where the flapper is raised and remains so until the water level rises again to allow it to fall back down -RRB- . I was horrified to discover that this is now the style on most of the `` high end '' toilet levers . If you reverse the installation of this piece , with the prongs , so that the arm has a full range of motion , you can then acheive a good old fashioned toilet flush BUT the handle will come to rest in an upward postion , as the arm will pull down all the way inside the tank the bottom of the tank , essentially dangling in the water . Of course , the latter description tells you how I ended up having to use this lever . If they cared only about keeping the arm from falling to the bottom of the tank -LRB- pulling the handle up as it goes down -RRB- they would have a prong on the bottom to keep it from falling but would not have the upper prong prohibiting the arm from ever acheiving a full range of motion , hence my description of this as a forced flow restricting toilet tank lever . Be warned about what these prongs are -LRB- on all of the toilet levers you are looking at -RRB- and be aware that you much either saw off the top one or reverse that peice in order to avoid wasting water by having to flush half a dozen times each time you use the facility in question . Good luck .
 Not sure yet . You did n't send any assembly instructions with the unit . I would appreciate it if someone would either e-mail me or mail me the necessary documentation.Bill Scott2917 Misty Ridge DriveNorman , OK 73071-4118
 I am on my second of these impact drivers having had the first one replaced by my local rep due to awful battery life . The replacement unit is just as bad . Even following the mfg 's instructions exactly in order to maximize the battery life , the battery discharges rapidly -LRB- over just a few weeks -RRB- when not in use and I 'm left with having to charge it before each use just to get more than a few screws in before it dies . I am an experienced woodworker and hobbyist and own many cordless tools . My 7 yr old 14.4 volt DeWalt with a NiCad battery lasts much longer both in use and storage than this new Panasonic with what should be far superior NiMH batteries . Do n't buy it unless you want to be tethered to the charger , in which case a corded tool would be better .
 I had 8 sunset/sunrise AUBE TI035 installed by my electrician . Withing 2 years the display was dead in 4 of the 8 units . The switches are inside and the temperature is 21 C year round .
 Be sure to check your wiring before you order this product . I bought this item from Amazon and attempted to install but soon realized I only had a 2-wire connection in the electrical box . This unit has a white , black and blue wire and all three need to be connected per their diagram . You can do an internet search on the model and view installation . . once you remove the unit from its plastic packaging Amazon will not accept your return .
 The saw arrived from China , via Oregon , looking like it had already seen a few weeks at work . Oh yeah , the sole plate is bent too . I 'd return it , but if I combine the `` restocking fee '' , return shipping , and original shipping fee , I 'd be paying a hundred bucks just to carry it back to the post office .
 I foolishly bought the 13-amp MAG saw from an outside Amazon-associated vendor , in the belief that this was one of the older 13-amp models made in the US before Skil outsourced manufacturing to China and upped the amperage from 13 to 15 . Imagine my surprise when I opened the shipping box to find that this 13-amp MAG-77 was made in China as well ! I 've returned the saw to the seller and I 'll be shopping around for a used US-built model .
 I bought a Skill Mag 77 because of its weight and it was on sale . But I guess you get what you pay for . After a little over a year the saw is now dead ! The motor over heated and seized . My Milwaukee is still going strong even though its about six years old and has seen a lot more use and abuse . The Skill always ran hotter than the Milwaukee but thought it as one of it quirks , now I know better . If my Milwaukee ever dies I will replace it with another Milwaukee .
 45 degree cut was not in tolerence . Bearing was defective as received and had to be replaced . Product was not advertised as foreign made -LRB- China -RRB- which would have altered purchase decision .
 I have owned and have regularly used this saw for over three years . As others have pointed out it is almost impossible to get 100 percent accurate cuts from this saw . Tightening the lock down knob does push the blade out of alignment . The only thing you can do to improve this is to not over tighten the knob , but keeping the blade from shifting is still problematic . There is also some play in the blade which allows it to deflect slightly from the work piece , no matter how expensive or stiff a blade you use -LRB- worse when cutting hardwoods -RRB- . But I 've discovered that miter saws by their nature are n't accurate enough for fine work . To get extremely accurate crosscuts you need to use an accurately tuned table saw .
 I got my Bosch 3912 saw two months ago . Everything seemed fine until I discovered , quite by accident , that while plugged into an outlet , there is about 45 volts present on ALL metal parts of the machine !!! . All Bosch said was
 I am baffled by the favorable reviews that this saw seems to be getting . Perhaps I just purchased a lemon , but this is hands-down THE WORST TOOL I OWN . Where to begin ... 1 -RRB- Absolutely nothing came square from the factory -LRB- not even close -RRB- ! This is a minor nusance , but annoying nonetheless .2 -RRB- The arbor nut came comletely loose while I was using the saw . This was after a year of operation . I do n't overwork this saw , so I do not even know how this is possible with a left-hand thread screw .3 -RRB- The blade guard assembly sticks very badly . The only remedy I have found for this is to replace the rubber gasket with a thicker one.I want to qualify my remarks by saying that Bosch is an excellent company . In fact , my Bosch jig saw is my favorite hand tool . But trust me on this , avoid this tool at all costs . Spend the extra -LSB- money -RSB- and get a Makita.If you choose to ignore my advice , I sell you mine cheap .
 This is a great little saw , for the money it is very hard to get more quality.Amazon is very slow to deliver this item . I waited almost three weeks for it to get here , with it being `` pending shipping '' for two weeks . I finally got fed up and bought one locally for a bit less than what it was selling for here .
 I bought this saw because of the reviews I read on this site . I have found several faults with this saw , one being serious with the blade tightening . The blade came loose , wabbling and shattered the guard . Whether this was my fault or not should n't matter , the fact that the blade could come loose like that at all is not a good or safe design in my opinion . Another fault is the safety switch , it is difficult to push while operating . I also found the table slide to be very stiff , like metal grinding , when making adjustments on miter . I hope this review help someone to Not buy this saw for there own safety sake . Save your money and wait for Dewalts new 12 '' that 's coming out soon .
 I have owned this saw for 5 years now , and have been pretty disappointed . I can not use this saw for any project requiring accuracy to within a degree or so . For example , if I am making a picture frame , which requires 4 pieces of wood , each with two 45 degree angle cuts -LRB- for a total of 8 angled cuts -RRB- , invariably , the error of the miter will compound itself 8 times , and one of the mitered corners will have a gap , either at the inside or the outside of the joint . This is after ensuring that opposing pieces of the frame are the exact same length , and that the frame is being assembled square -LRB- by measuring diagonals -RRB- . For the longest time , I though I just could n't calibrate the saw very well . So I would re-calibrate it over and over again , by putting a carpenter square to the fence and then to each side of the blade and adjust that fence until it was perfect . Then I would cut scrap pieces of wood at 45 degrees using opposite sides of the fence , and match them up to see if they were perfect , which they would be . I would then make eight cuts again , but again , one corner would be off !! I 'm not sure what the problem is . I have noticed one major flaw , but I 'm not sure it is the only thing affecting the accuracy . After rotating the table to the 45 degree position where it locks into place , I always turn the knob to tighten the table in place . However , looking closely at the miter pointer -LRB- callout number 113 on the parts diagram -RRB- , you can see that tightening that knob actually changes the miter angle by as much as a half of a degree . This happens because the table actually flexes when tightening the knob -LRB- which another reviewer mentioned , also -RRB- . The more you tighten the knob , the greater the change of the miter angle . A half degree does n't sound like much , but multiply that by 8 , and you get 4 degrees , which is totally unacceptable . However , if I am tightening that knob when calibrating the saw , that flex should be mostly accounted for -LRB- but of course it is impossible to tighten the knob the same amount each time , and hence , flex the table the same amount -RRB- . I have spoken with Bosch representatives both over the phone and in person at a wood working . The folks on the phone were knowledgeable and helpful to a degree , but could not diagnose the problem . They said to check the fence with a solid straightedge to make sure it is straight , and offered to replace it if not , but it was fine . The representatives at the show were worthless , saying they have never heard of that problem . They had a similar saw there at the show with the same knob configuration , and so I demonstrated this table flex and miter angle change on their saw , but he really did n't say anything about it or think it was a problem . At that same woodworking show , I also has the opportunity to speak with a writer from a major wood working magazine -LRB- which had rated this saw very highly -RRB- , and so asked him for his advice . He suggested that the saw was defective and that I should send it back . However , if the Bosch representative 's saw did the same thing , I have my doubts that a new one would be any better ! So I am kind of stumped , and left with a mostly unusable saw . I would love to hear suggestion , if anyone has any !
 I waited a week for these `` special '' blades to cut a sheet of 1/16 '' plastic.I could have done better with a kitchen knife.They splintered and split the plastic to the point that it was worthless.I only rated it a 1 because the seller delivered it on time.Chips
 I ordered this adapter along with the CURRENT Bosch 3725DVS Random Oribital Sander . The intent was to provide suitable connection between my Fein Turbo VAC II and the 3725DVS . This connector is not for that model sander . The 3725DVS 's dust bag mounts to a one peice , cast aluminum base . This casting has a built-in integral dust port . There is no provisions for simply unscrewing the dust port from the casting to allow use of the new adapter , as one reviewer suggested . Contact a Bosch Service Center and order the appropiate connector . Bosch Hose-to-Tool Adapter , part number
 This adaptor should receive zero -LRB- 0 -RRB- stars if one is judging whether or not it will connect the 3725DVS 5 '' random orbit sander to a vacuum hose . -LRB- I note that it is also advertised as an adapter for the 31/4 horsepower plunge router , which may be true , but I did n't order a plunge router . -RRB- The accessoriries list for the 3725DVS includes this adapter . If there really is an adapter to allow this sander to be used with a vacuum , please make the change in your advertised accessories list . -LRB- Note that it must adapt an oblong race-track shaped outlet on the sander to the round inlet of the hose . -RRB- If there is not one , it would be more fair to the customers to inform them that this sander can not be used with a vacuum hose . I for one would not have purchased the sander had I known that the adaptor would not work .
 Item arrived non-working closest service center is 1200 miles away no quality check done
 This is a great little saw . Powerful , light , fast and accurate . But if you 're not careful you can spin the blade on the shaft . I did on a job rough cutting some 1 '' hardwood planks . Did n't really notice till the end of the day that the saw blade was running out of round . When I took the blade off I found the blade had cut a grove on the shaft . This should never have happened , the shaft should 've been hardened.I will probably buy another and be more careful .
 While the saw works great as I used it to cut through some interior doors I was replacing but it has a big design flaw ! There is a guide plate that has about an inch on one side of the blade and over three inches on the other . If you were making a cross cut and wanted to slide this guide against a straight edge you would want to use the 3 + inch side to have more support for the saw , right ? The makers of this saw built the motor so low to the guide plate that it can not slide against anything more than an 1/8 tall . This is really stupid . The saw works with the guild plate if you are cutting something thin like plywood , because you can raise the saw up -LRB- making the cut less deep -RRB- to clear your straight edge . The solution
 At first I was very happy with this purchase , but the depth adjustment bar got bent and tweaked everything else out of alignment . It is ok for occasional use , but if you intend to use it a lot I would go with the 7-1/4 '' porter cable .
 We bought this to replace a cheapo ryobi circ saw.Worked great for a month . we cross cut a lot of hardwood moldings.just over a month later , its sitting on my desk smelling pretty burnt up.we 'll see what skill has to say
 I `` thought '' this was made in the USA as it says on the label , but the booklet says it was printed in mexico . The blade is cheap and says made in china . From the look of it the casting has rough edges ground down on a grinder and poorly applied labels . If this was made in the USA then the poor quality control of China is rubbing off on US manufacturing . Or else it was made by former UAW people from Detroit and Dearborn . The blades advertised next to the item do not fit . Its not a 10mm arbor . It is a 1/2 inch arbor . And you have to attach the blade with the writing facing the inside as this is for a left hander . Or else the saw blade will turn the wrong way . The $ 29 Chinese saw from sears seems better constructed . In about six months harbor Freight will be selling these under their name for $ 39 .
 Well , I could n't wait to get my hands on this saw . For what they cost , I figured it would be good quality . It 's cheaply made stamped guides and adjusting mechanisms were out of adjustment and the saw would not square up . It wo n't cut straight following the guide , you must watch the blade only.The first thing I did was get a decent carbide blade and that did n't help.The 6.5 amp motor struggles on 2X4 cross cuts .1 / 2 '' -3 / 4 '' plywood better be all you try it on . I use it daily in my business , and I recommend something with more power and better quality . For -LSB- price -RSB- skil should be ashamed
 I did n't check the stats too closely on this tool when I ordered it . What I wanted was a worm drive saw that was a bit lighter than the 7-1/4 version . I 'm a lefty , and in order to use these saws correctly in a drop cut , I have to hold the saw in my right -LRB- somewhat weaker -RRB- hand . What I got with the 6-1/2 '' version is less cutting depth and exactly the same weight ! No other difference ! Would somebody please tell me why anybody would buy this saw ? Oh , and to top it off , 6-1/2 '' blades are hard to find and more limited in selection . Wonderful , next time I 'll read the fine print .
 I did n't find this saw useful for cuts requiring alot of control . I was hoping to use it to cut out baseboards for cabinet installations , but freehand cuts were not that accurate . With the miterbox , the saw pulled the work into the blade if it was not clamped very securely -- impossible w / crown mould . Definitely not a substitute for a chopsaw .
 I 've read most of the reviews on this saw and had to add my two cents . I 've owned this saw for almost 5 years and used it quite a bit each year - until I got exasperated with it each time . Each time I 've ended up regreting using it , primarily on the bottom of door jambs where it is supposed to excel . The problem I have with it , is that it is TOO powerful and despite the appearance of being `` variable speed '' , it is n't . It can easily rip up a jamb if you do n't get it just right and you must hold it VERY firmly or it will tear out your hands as well . It does a decent job on smaller trim work , working with it in the miter box . Here the miter box attachment helps control this beast . Still , it needs a true variable speed control . It could also use thinner blades , more in line with the Japanese pull saws . The thickness of its blades and its un-variable speed make for burning of the blade and/or the jamb , as well as sticking in the jamb cut while you are doing it . I 've often resorted back to my Japanese pull saw after starting a cut with this . Anyway , that 's my two cents . It sounds like other do like this , but after 5 years of experience with it , I just do n't use it any more because of these problems and unreliability .
 This is actually a review I wrote for the Bosch planer . But as I already had written a previous review It would not allow a 2nd one . So I am writing it here.I think some of these reviews are fake . After cmy problems with this planer I noticed that some of the other reviews were so glowing . so I clicked on '' Ted Peterson '' . Surprise , surprise . He has made 8 reviews . All 8 were Bosch products !! All 8 were rated 5 star !! And all 8 were gushy in their praising of Bosch perfection . All 8 repeatedly mentioned the Bosh name and could not find ONE bad thing to mention in the performance of 11 tools . Have you ever bought 11 perfect tools?Same for '' Skip Morris '' . 9 reviews . 9 Bosch tools -LRB- and nothing else -RRB- . Nine 5 star reviews . Nine Bosch love affairs.I think they work for Bosch .
 I got my replacement saw in march . -LRB- the first one I THOUGHT WAS A JOKE -RRB- . . but the replacement was the same.very dissapointing for Panasonic ... the reviews stated it would cut 320 2x4 on a single charge.try 50 !! both saws did about 50 2x 's and back to the charger . . I may as well have bought the Ryobi got 2 baterries and saved $ 150 . . my older Panasonic tools were way better . . I got a LOW BID tool for a high bid price . .
 Either plan on feeding everything through this saw freehand or build a jig , but the fence is completely unusable . Not recommended .
 the head does NOT travel and the fence is poor , i wanted to like this saw and had low expectations but it is just too poorly thought out for me . didnt even plug it in
 I purchased this tool from Amazon and received it within a week . Wow . My son and I have completed the floor tile job for the Kitchen and washroom area that includes about 300 square feet of ceramic floor tile . We probably cut over 200 linear feet of tile . Since the cutting was to take place over several days a purchase made more sence than a rental This saw was adequately powered and the blade is still usable . Cutting is a little slower than commercial saws , but I do n't have a lot of experience with comparisons . I thought the motor and blade assembly was of good quality . I placed the water pump into a three gallon bucket and kept it supplied with fresh water . Of course , this meant setting up outside for water -LRB- sludge -RRB- run-off . I believe the pump should last a long time using this approach . The real problem with this saw is the design of the fence . The table top a has a lot of little bumps designed on its surface . You have to push the tile across this surface which does not present a problem , but it does creat a problem with the fence placement . The fence is a straight piece of material that hooks onto the table on the back side and attaches to the front in a groove that is perpendicular to the blade . Supposedly , you can loosen the front and back and slide the fence . Good Luck ! While the little bumps on the table help you to align the fence square to the blade , I had to measure every time I adjusted the fence . This took a lot of time . I would gladly pay an extra $ 100 to get a sliding table instead of this fence design .
 I am a residential contractor that purchased this saw for a small tile job -LRB- about 300 sf -RRB- . Because we usually sub out our tile work , we did n't want to invest in a higher priced saw . As a professional contractor , I depend on my tools to perform well . I would have to say that I was disappointed in this tool . While I realize that this is a low price tile saw , I thought that MK only made good tools . There are a few reasons I did n't like this unit :1 . The fence system is terrible2 . It is difficult to get a straight cut .3 . Slow ... Having said all this , I give the unit 2 stars because it might be a good option for DIY'ers that are doing a small remodeling project and do n't want to invest in a higher priced saw . I also think that compared to the other units in this price range , this saw gives you more for your money . As for myself , I am in the market for more professional tool . Hope this helps ...
 Do not BUY this saw . Yes , it does cut tile but there are serious problems with its design :1 . The Rip Fence is sooooo cheesy and in combo with the dimpled table surface becomes problematic for setting it straight .2 . The dimpled table is not only annoying but can be difficult when trying to move tiles smoothly while cutting .3 . There 's NO 45 degree jig for such cuts that are frequently needed in most tile jobs.No wonder MK Diamond stopped making this saw !
 The rip fence is absolutely useless , your only chance to get a good cut is to use a square and manually hold the square or clamp it down while you push the tile throughthe motor mount is not a clean 90 degree angle as well , the weight of the motor bends the frame and the tile blade is not perpendicular to what it is cutting and bogs down because of too much friction and a lack of motor powerI was so frustrated with this saw that the same day I drove to Lowes and bought a real tile saw for $ 300 + The only reason I am giving the tile saw more than 1 star is because it is a fair price for what you get , for the small tile saws under $ 150 it is typical , my advice is to avoid all these low end saws where you have to use your hand to push the tile and get a tile saw with a tray or a moving bridge , if you must get a cheap tile saw get one where the blade is under mount like a table saw
 Purchased saw from Amazon , and arrived in a few days with free shipping , which was great ... thanks Amazon ! Completed a bath renovation by installing 12 '' marble tiles around tub and floor . Makes pretty clean cuts , but a little slow . Big downside is the fence adjustment , very difficult to slide fence and expect square cuts , like the previous reviewer I needed to measure everytime I adjusted , plus fence track on the rear is too close to the plastic pan and binds fence when trying to adjust . Got so frustrated , ended up cutting many tiles free hand . All in all , good for a small DIY project . You get what you pay for .
 Judging from the reviews so far I think I might have had a defective product . As I took it out of the box and put everything together I thought it was decent but after wasting a couple of expensive tiles I realized it was the blade causing issues , not the fence or operator error . The blade was off 1/4 '' from one end to the other . The motor assembly mount of the holding bracket looks to be welded crooked . I would give this another try but I do n't have time to return this and wait for a new one.Just make sure to check that the blade is straight before you get into a tile project !
 Saw arrived with stripped screw holes where saw attaches to base . Saw is held to base with 4 screws that thread into plastic ONLY . Returned .
 This Deluxe kit comes with a good trimmer motor and accessories package but the trimmer guide that attaches to the accessorie plates is made out of plastic and is unusable to make a confident cut . Until Bosch creates a suitable metal guide system like they use to have on their old models and which you can find in competative models do n't buy this kit .
 Not only is it plastic , it is engraved with metric units of measure . I realize Bosch is a european sounding name , but if they are selling product in the USA they could at least warn you that this is a metric tool . If I wanted to learn the metric system , I would have asked to be born in Germany . If you commonly use inches , you will not enjoy using this accessory . Do n't get me wrong , I really like plastic for toys and tupperwear . I think for the money this guide should be of a substantial metal construction .
 This product is short and pricey compared to the generic which included 4 blades to fit a variety of different brand jig saws . If you have a Bosch jig saw , buy it because it 's likely the only guide you 'll find that includes a clamp that works with your saw.The big box stores ' generic guide does fit this saw , but the clamp -LRB- which the literature inside the box admits -RRB- is made for the Skil . -LRB- Brands other than Bosch and Skil supposedly have a clamp built into the foot of the saw itself . -RRB- You need the clamp to hold the guide in place . Otherwise , the guide is worthless . So , unfortunately , if you have a Bosch jig saw , you need the Bosch guide even though it 's 50 % more expensive than the generic , even on Amazon .
 When using this cheap piece of plastic junk I ruined the hardboard I tried to cut circular pieces out of . The contraption did n't hold the setting and allowed the jigsaw blade to pull out of it 's track . . I checked and retried cutting the circularpattern 3 times with the same result -- SAVE YOUR MONEY ...
 An earlier reviewer wrote `` The JA1003 Cutting Guide is a -LSB- X -RSB- piece of junk . As soon as I got it I pulled the set point out of its holder and one of the cheap plastic lock pins broke . It 's made in China not the US or Germany ! Also the instructions are printed in pictures on the cardboard package . There are no written instructions to give the novice useful hints . My advice is to look for a quality after market cutting guide and stay away from the Bosch . `` I agree completely . The Bosch name is now tarnished in my opinion due to their selling this badly made item . Now I have to find out if I am to be charged for returning this useless accessory .
 It 's not really all that bad -- as far as it goes -- a piece of plastic with a metal rod that will let you cut along a reasonably parallel edge -- and if I had paid a few dollars for it at a discount store I 'd say that 's fine . But it 's got Bosch 's name on it and cost more than a few dollars . Very unclear instructions written on the packaging cardboard . All in all , a disappointemnt . I really should 've heeded the other reviewers -- when half the reviews are three stars or less that 's usually not a good sign . Doh !! The description also does n't specify the maximum width of the cut -- I was looking for something around a 1 foot offset -- only works to about 8 inches .
 It 's junk , as others have described . It is , however , possible to make it work for cutting circles . Here are modified setup instructions :1 . You will need to get a 5 mm drill bit , and a second clamp . Mine came with one as shown in the photo , but I also have a similar universal tool that I got from Home Depot , which came with 2 screw clamps .2 . Remove the centering pin that comes attached to the tool and throw it away . It 's too short to be useful .3 . Mark for a centering hole . Do n't forget to add/subtract the width of the blade -LRB- about 2 mm -RRB- to it . For example , to cut a half-round end of a board , make the center point 1 mm away from where you start the cut .4 . Drill the 5mm centering hole , preferably on a drill press .5 . Insert the 5mm drill bit through the hole in the tool and into the centering hole you just drilled .6 . Slide the bar of the tool through the two slots in the jigsaw 's shoe and secure using 2 clamps . If you use only one clamp , the bar will swivel slightly in the slot without a clamp .7 . Now cut as you normally would .
 Was going to get it since it is Bosch 's product . Glad that I read the reviews . I rather spend more to get things `` Made in USA '' or Germany than bring home useless junk `` Made in China '' .
 While my Bosch 1587 is quality made and the Bosch saw blades are the best I have used , the optional JA1003 Cutting Guide is a -LSB- X -RSB- piece of junk . As soon as I got it I pulled the set point out of its holder and one of the cheap plastic lock pins broke . I could make one better than this one . Also its made in China not the US or Germany ! Also the instructions are printed in pictures on the cardboard package . There are no written instructions to give the novice usefull hints . If I only paid -LSB- X -RSB- for it I would say I got what I paid for . My advice is to look for a quality after market cutting guide and stay away from the Bosch .
 I agree with druziligaamazala The -LRB- ... -RRB- thing is plastic ! , and is worth about $ 2.00 and made in china !!! If this were way all BOSCH tools were made I would not have any ... . save your money for a good aftermarket version
 I did get this thing to work , but barely .1 -RRB- The centering pin is too short , so that only the tip reaches the workpiece . This means that if you drill the recommended size pilot hole , you get a very sloppy fit . Even with a smaller hole , you have to hold down the point quite firmly , bending the metal arm . I 'll be using a 3/32 or smaller hole , rather than the recommended 13/64 .2 -RRB- The scale does n't make sense . Cutting a 140mm hole , the 170mm mark was centered on the blade . The 140mm mark was n't aligned with anything in particular .3 -RRB- It just does n't have the solid quality of the Bosch power tools I have bought recently.Tip
 I ignored the previous reviews and ordered this anyway . What a mistake . I did n't pay much for it , but whatever I did pay was a waste ! The plastic broke within seconds -LRB- literally -RRB- of opening the package . I have n't even used it yet . If you have a few extra dollars lying around , they would be better utilized by giving them to a panhandler than buying this `` product '' . It is n't even worth returning - do your self a favor and skip this one .
 I could duplicate R. Martin 's review . Mine did not last a year either and when I opened it up , there is no replaceable fuse . This unit has to be sent in to be serviced . I would not buy again . Further the shock it gave was very strong to start with but steadily dropped off until it only gave a slight jolt before not working at all . We only have 8 acres with a good portion of it single line above field fencing . This charger should have been doing easy duty .
 Did not last one year despite careful installation and following all grounding guidelines exactly . It does not contain a user-replaceable fuse , so any short requires a return to manufacturer . I would not buy again , and would not recommend .
 This is a situation where you have yo buy a poorly designed product because there is no alternative . Do n't get me wrong the sander itself is fast , great for removing old paint from tight places like shutters . But the seam on the belts almost always breaks before the grit even starts to wear out . I suspect the glue is affected by temperature as the plate gets very hot at higher speeds . Only at the lowest speeds does it seem to last . I wish I could buy a sanding sleeve and cut it down , but the Bosch belts are metric . Bosch should obviously redesign their seam , maybe in a zig-zag rather than plain diagonal , and absolutely change to a glue or tape that is unaffected by heat .
 This torch is garbage - it usually will not stay lit for more than 3 seconds and will go out immediately when pointed downward , which is the only way I need to use it so it us useless to me . Also , sometimes the flame will not go out when you let go of the trigger button and will continue shooting a flame -LRB- or gas if you blow the flame out -RRB- until you hit the safety again and tap the trigger button.I give this product an F.
 would not recommend this torch for any application . i could not even get it to work once . extremely horrible design . the seller didnt even want it back ...
 This is a very nice router . Works well , very nice soft start , a bit unusual fine adjustment , but it does work . Unfortunately over the last three years the body has oxidized so badly that the motor is now stuck in the base making the router completely useless . If Amazon allowed negative stars , I would put -10 stars for this router . The oxidation is so bad that even using a rubber hammer , removing the lock completely , the motor can not be moved in the base . It is going out in the trash on Monday . Update
 I bought the 1618EVS at the Chantilly VA tool show in March of 2003 , and had problems with the router motor sticking in the base from the very first usage . Even with the clamp completely loose , the grey/white oxidation on the motor casing causes so much friction that installing/raising/lowering the router is a painful experience . Nothing I 've tried so far removes the oxidation . I will be trying to return this , soon . Too , bad , because I love my other Bosch tools . -LRB- 1619 router is awesome , as is 1587 jigsaw -RRB-
 From the poor ergonmics on both switches , to the RFID tag IN THE HANDLE that comes lose and shorts across the power connections -LRB- and almost starts a fire -RRB- , to the sloppy fitting baseplate that bosch wants you to buy a plastic `` tool '' to recenter the plate over the collet , to the ridiculous `` double-clutch '' collet that is an absolute PITA , to the user unfriendly design of the d-handle mounting and inter = connecting cord , to the incredibly soft magnesium cast body , and finally to the most laughable and useless depth adjustment mechanism -LRB- not even worthy of a cheap chinese machine tool -RRB- , this has to be one of the most poorly designed routers I have ever encountered in my life . I 've tried to live with this POS for a year , and now I 'm going back to a Sears model !!
 I brought the new 1618EVS to the job and after routing D pine for all togeather maybe 3 hrs . -LRB- NOT continuous running time -RRB- I smoked the motor . After a long conversation with the authorized tool service center I sent it in for a complete motor rebuild . They assured me it would come back assembled to tighter specs . than what it was manufactured at . I was skeptical that it would be returned to me in any decent workable condition yet two years later I 'm still milling trim with it . However I 'm still waiting for that day , in the middle of some job , where it will start spewing smoke out of the motor housing again.I do like the soft start and constant RPM features.The D-handle is very comfortable , and I find it helps to keep me accurate.I have to agree with the other reviewers that it 's too difficult to remove the motor from the base . I do the router dance - I clamp the router between my knees and twist the motor away from the base with all I got to seperate the two pieces . Ugghh !! Wayyy too cavemanish.There is a plunge base available for this motor yet I 'm hesitant to buy it because the power cord coming out of the motor is only 5-6 inches long -LRB- it plugs into the top of the D-handle -RRB- . That means the power cord will connect to the extension cord right at the router base . That ca n't be practical.I do n't really know what else is out there for the same price . This router maybe an OK value for the $ .
 This particular blade cuts on the push stroke and is terrible to work with . Buy the regular ones that cut on the pull and the cuts will be smooth and clean .
 I 'm not a handyman . In fact , I 'm an anti-handyman . So I do n't know if my opinion means much , but here goes . . This week I decided to buy some tools so that I could build some fun projects -LRB- pirate ship , superhero headquarters -RRB- for my daughter.I went to Ace hardware and they recommended a real cheap Skil jigsaw . I bought it without doing any research or any comparison shopping . As soon as I got home I read some reviews on line and I realized that this bottom-of-the line Skil was probably inadequate -LRB- single speed etc -RRB- and it was overpriced -LRB- $ 30 for a featureless jig -RRB- . So I took it back unopened.After quite a bit of research I bought the Bosch 1587 . While I thought it was more than I needed , Lowes had a sudden price drop from $ 130 to $ 100 so I bought it . This morning when I was installing the very first blade , the black plastic handle used to release & tighten the blade fell off . It looked like a really cheesy part and I could n't imagine it lasting very long even if I snapped it back into place . So I took it back to Lowes -LRB- without ever having turned it on -RRB- and bought the Bosch 1590 which has the one-press blade installation feature.Wow !!! The 1590 is great ! Installing the blade takes ~ 2 seconds and this thing handles like a dream . The extra money for the 1590 over the 1587 is worth it.I do n't know if my 1587 was an random dud , or if I did something wrong while installing the blade , but the 1587 blade installation hardware is awful .
 Well I finally got to use my Bosch and what a dissapointment to say the least . The blade change out was a joke . I was cutting and all of sudden the blade came out . Ok so I went to put it back in and it would n't stay in ? I broke out the manual and follow the instructions to the letter and no luck and no `` CLIC '' either . Maybe I got a lemon , not sure . I thought the BOSCH would be a winner , but I have a bad taste in my mouth with this thing . I also have my own tool policy , if it does n't work I get rid of it . The BOSCH has some great features , but what good are they if they do n't work ? I 'm buying the Milwaukee 6266 , their sawzalls are bullet proof , let 's see how there jigs do ?
 The saw functions fine once you get a blade in , so I wo n't talk about that . The blade changing system is very awkward . Every other jig saw made -LRB- even cheap ones -RRB- have much more convenient ways to get a blade in and out . This saw requires you to pull up on the black thing on top of the handle , turn it three times CCW , insert the blade sideways , rotate the blade straight , turn handle three times CW until is snaps -LRB- it sounds like it 's broken -RRB- . Now even this might be tolerable , except that the black thing on the handle does not snap down good and spins around while you ' r trying to use the saw . It also is prone to just breaking off -LRB- seen several -RRB- . Go somewhere else for a saw . This one is not worth the trouble .
 I ordered 1587avsp but i got a 1587avs . Also , the blades were everywhere in the box.After looking through all reviews here , i am pretty sure the tool is great . But the seller just needs to get a right one to me . Have sent the email to the seller and hopefully they will take care of the little handling/delivery problem here . I will update the `` real '' review on the tool once the right tool is sent to me .
 I really liked my bosch jigsaw quiet smooth strong but !!!!! between putting new triger switches in it and my bosses bosch drills a fellow could go to the poor house when i first bought the jigsaw trigger went bad in first month boss has jig saws and drills all have had trigger switch problems bosch charges a hefty price for repair no more bosch tools in our shop back to dewalt always dependable
 I only opened the jig saw blades yesterday . I tried cutting a 1/2 inchsheet plywood and it absolutely would n't cut . If this is any indication of theproduct that Bosch now puts out I wo n't be purchasing anything made by them.This blade is absolutely useless and a waste of money . Save yourself moneyand time - do not purchase .
 Beware of this product if it is your intention to operate any garage doors other than Genie ! I talked to their tech department only to learn that even though it has three buttons , ALL must be programmed to only a Genie product . I have two garage doors , only one is Genie , and live in a gated community with a non Genie gate . So , I still must carry THREE different remotes . Anyone want my GPT90-3 ?
 I attached this to my router and first noticed that it was in the way of my fixture . It sits really low . But worst is , it did n't work well at all . Most of the debris was left on the work piece . And I had it hooked directly to a 5HP shop vac ! It also makes it very difficult to change bits as you ca n't lay the router down on its side .
 I have used portable jigsaws and sabersaws for most of my forty years as a general contractor . Last year my Bosch barrel handled jig saw of some 15 years service was stolen , along with $ 1500 worth of other tools , from my truck toolbox . I tried other jigsaws and also the Bosch D handle jigsaw but was very dissapointed with their performances . I was reluctant to spend the extra money on another Bosch barrel handled jigsaw at first , but I am very happy to have popped the extra few dollars for the control the Bosch jigsaw gives me . In addition , the tool-less blade change that was missing on my old Bosch jigsaw makes the purchase of the new one even more satisfying.Kudos to Bosch on a great tool for anyone who is using a jigsaw for any task requiring the extra control the barrel handle gives the user .
 I have one of these saws i bought it in 1982 and the olny thing i have repaired on it was put a new cord on it and i use it almost every day on the consturtion site
 I used the bosch with the handle grip before this one and it always scared me . This one has just been so so . Feels like quality but I have had numerous problems . Basically you can only rely on this saw for one thing , making ragged cuts in soft wood . Dont get me wrong , sometimes thats exactly what you need . Some times it will cut straight too but you dont really know till you start because you cant tell if the blade is dull by looking at it unless its very dull.I was cutting 1.5 inch oak and the blade would follow the grain not the direction I pointed it . Then after cutting this one peice of oak my blade was dull but I hadnt realized it -LRB- or even thought that would happen after one peice of wood -RRB- untill I started cutting some plywood . The blade goes wherever the dull side of the blade is . Then trying to cut fiberglass with the fiberglass blade the blade broke instantly on contact with the glass . Then I tried to cut a hole for a electrical socket in my wall and the blade hit something in the back of the wall and the whole mechanism shot out the top . Springs and plastic everywhere . Now maybe I am too hard on the saw but really the saw is just only good for a few things . This is a fringe tool for people with expendable income.Im not faulting bosch because the thing seems very solid , it just happens that it doesnt do many things . If I had my money back I would by a sawzall , a good vice and a table jigsaw and just borrow someone elses sabersaw if I had to .
 I was disappointed to purchase this saw and later discover it was made in China . Bosch glosses over this by identifying the country of origin as `` PRC '' . Why pay a premium for a supposedly quality tool only to discover it was made in a Chinese sweatshop ?
 Where is the savings ? Pay a premium for an item made in China at a huge discount . That sounds like a good deal -LRB- no jobs left and no savings - sign me up for that program -RRB- . I will return this `` discounted '' item asap ; or better yet , use it as a hammer.My quest begins for tools made in this country - such as Milwaukee orbital sawzall
 I love Bosch power tools ! I 've had one of these for 6 months now . I got to use it once before the front roller came out of its holder . Before that it was great . After that it was very frustrating . I took it to a service center . They had it for 4 months because the parts were on back order . When it finally came back , one of the sales men asked me what was wrong . I showed him the front roller and he barely touched it and it fell apart again ! So I still do n't have it . I guess this is so common that there are n't enough parts to go around . This is very strange for a a tool that says Bosch on it . Do n't waste your valuable time or money on this tool .
 I am a small business owner and bought this sander to grind off the flashing on our polymer concrete castings -LRB- a material that is similar to cultured marble countertops . -RRB- The good
 The Milwaukee 0234-6 Magnum 5.5 Amp 1/2-Inch Drill was more expensive than other drills I considered . I bought it expecting reliability and extra power when needed . I used only once - I drilled four 3/4 '' inch holes through one inch thick yellow maple . It did this without problems . I was happy with the purchase . Eight months passed before I needed it again . The drill had been stored untouched in a climate controlled room but it no longer worked . The drill turns on only when pointing straight up . As soon as the drill is moved , it stops . Maybe I should n't complain , after all I can still drill holes as long as I climb under the board and drill towards the ceiling . It may be under warranty but I need it now not in six weeks . None of this seems to matter to Milwaukee customer service . The time and bother of packaging and shipping is more trouble than it 's worth . It 's going in the trash bin and I 'll replace it with different brand .
 This drill was new in the box , I opened the box , plugged in the drill and hit the trigger ... NO POWER , so I tried it a work the next day and the same thing . So at the end of the assembly line did they do a QC check before it went out the door ? ... I wonder ? . Also why is my Milwaukee drill made in China ?
 If I had to describe this drill in a word it would be junk the switch started giving me trouble shortly after I bought the drill but the way it was acting I thought it was my cord or the outlet the drill would work fine at times and then it would stop and start intermittently , I finally became so disgusted I just threw it away I have also been having trouble with the Milwaukee Hole hawgs I went through 6 of them in about 4 months and no the 6 is not a type o 4 of the 6 had the gear box go out of them and the other 2 burnt the motors up now you would think that would be fine because they would be under warranty right well Milwaukees warranty is not worth the paper it is written on , we had to pay for the repairs ourselves and 2 of the 6 drills did n't make through the first day . I will be buying a different drill from a different mfg. from now on and I would advise any one reading this to do the same .
 For most of my life Milwaukee tools -LRB- starting with my Dad 's Sawz-All -RRB- were worth paying more for because of quality made in the USA . After too much time spent searching -LRB- Milwaukee/Amazon does not appear comfortable disclosing the location of manufacture in the product description , so you have to search the reviews to get the facts -RRB- , this drill as well as every other Milwaukee product I looked at are made in China . It is not worth it to me to pay twice the price if it is not made in the USA/local . I can get a perfectly serviceable Dewalt for half the price . I am bummed to not be paying the price of my new drill into our economy !
 Took it out of the box . Pulled the trigger . Two small puffs . DEAD . Never worked .
 I have just received a new `` Milwaukee 3107-6 7.0 Amp 1/2-Inch Right Angle Drill with D-Handle '' today . When I check the parts against the description from the Manufacturer : From the ManufacturerUsed extensively ... Your kit includes tool with Quik-Lok cord , RAD drive , 9/16-inch open-end wrench , socket wrench , chuck remover bar , side handle , and impact-resistant plastic carrying case.You can read this in its entirety from Amazon description . I have found the following : Missing chuck remover barSide handle is just a metal rod , lacking plastic guardMissing socket wrench.It looks like a refurbished product with some missing parts . What a hassle when you have to find other means to do your job while waiting for a replacement from Amazon.Also , I have read on some other websites that this product is made in USA , but on the tool itself , it indicates that it is made in China . Milwaukee has prided itself that their products are made in America . Let 's be honest and clarify that some of your products are made in China . Some people may be okay with that , though at this time , I would prefer to `` buy America '' or foreign products that are made in America.I am giving it only 1 star because of missing parts when I have specifically purchased a new product . A hassle of waiting for a replacement and country of origin are not clear . Lastly , products from China have not equate themselves with durability .
 Made Communist ChinaThis tool is probably okay for the do-it-yourselfer . However , if you are earning a living with your tools stick with American or German or Japanese manufactured tools.I found that the side grip requires the use of the extension bar . In simple low torque drilling applications the side handle can not be used without the extension . this makes drilling in close quarters more difficult.Milwaukee once had a great reputation for American-made quality . Unfortunately they have gone the cheap route , and have succeeded .
 this tool has very little power and is only suitable for light tasks
 Owned two . The first one was stolen and worked great . The second one did not work long before it stripped out . I purchased a different one ony third purchase .
 I bought two of these screwdrivers when this model was produced by its original manufacturer , AEG Telefunken , in 1982 . That company was known for good , reliable conservatively-designed equipment . `` Fine German Engineering '' . But the company went under about 1990 . It appears to me that Milwaukee obtained the design , because little is changed , except the color - from the original black to red . After 20 years , I had to replace the AEGs . I chose the Milwaukee , because I was quite satisfied with the the AEG tool . Unfortunately , while the driver and charger are the equivalent of the AEGs , the batteries are not . The AEG batteries lasted me 10-15 years . The Milwaukee batteries all lasted just past their warranty , a year . After replacing four batteries in a row , I have decided I can no longer afford this tool . These batteries were all purchased at various times and therefore must have been from different manufacturing batches , so a bad production run can not explain my experience . I tested the charger and it is working correctly . The tool has no defect that can explain the poor battery life . In four years , I have paid more in replacement batteries than the tool originally cost . I no longer have a functioning battery , but rather than repair it , I am going to replace the tool with one of the new lithium-battery screwdrivers , either the Hitachi DB3L or the Bosch PS20-2 .
 My company bought one of these many years ago . The first battery and charger lasted for years with no complaints . Eventually i had to get a couple new batteries and they did n't last for more than a couple months . Then the charger stopped charging and only lasted a couple months . I think when they first started making them the batteries and the charger worked good but the quality went south . the company bought me several batteries and 4 chargers.The screwdriver itself is bullet proof . I now have 4 batteries , 2 non-functioning chargers and two screwdrivers.I am at odds whether to buy another charger . I 've read they have a new charger that goes to trickle when fully charged . It makes me think that the chargers were over charging the batteries and they -LRB- the chargers were burning up because one i have is bulging . With the two screw drivers and 4 batteries i have i 'm still debating whether I 'm going to buy one of the new chargers because i enjoyed the tool so much when i first got it .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 I use one of these at my occupation and it is an excellent power screwdriver with plenty of torque , good ergonomics , and good battery life , however when I attempted to purchase one through Amazon for my personal use the shipping charges were more than half the cost of the screwdriver . Never mind , I 'll purchase elsewhere
 Another error by amazon.com . I ordered this and according to description -LRB- and picture -RRB- contains screwdriver bits . However , there were no screwdriver bits when it arrived . This makes this completely worthless to me . Customer service is a pain to deal with in trying to answer problems and questions on how to return item . No help at all !
 Batteries and chargers are the weak point for these I have used the drivers I have 2 for years they made a good driver but I have been through so many batteries and chargers I have lost count , I have spent way too much on replacement batteries and chargers , it is so darn comfortable and easy to use that I keep buying them but I see there is a different company making one very similar for less than the charger cost so I dare this one to go out now
 This is mechanically about the best battery operated screwdriver around , although very expensive . Too bad that the batteries and charger are garbage.In my experience with about 8 - 10 batteries for three of these screwdrivers , if you happen not to use a particular battery for a few weeks , it will self discharge and the charger will refuse to charge it . Goodbye another $ 25 . I 've had at least $ 100 worth of relatively new batteries fail this way in less than a year.This problem basically wo n't let you buy extra batteries to keep charged . If you do , they will just die . So , you 're pretty much guaranteed to run out of usable batteries in the middle of a task.I suggest that you buy something better.Next time , I 'll get a screwdriver with a Lithium battery , or use a regular screwdriver . -LRB- By the way , many people who have tried to buy NiMH replacement batteries for this unit to avoid this problem have been cheated with re-labeled or misrepresented NiCad batteries . -RRB-
 Mine lasted less than six months . The stator magnets are contained -LRB- barely -RRB- under a small plastic door at the top back of the drill . This door is secured by a single screw on one end and plastic tabs under the other . While I was using the drill , this door came open and the stator magnets flew out of the drill . I put them back in , but could never get the door to hold properly . If I could rate this drill with negative stars , I would .
 One of my Milwaukee drills came with this very good case . Then I purchased another from Amazon in 2006 for $ 27.00 . But now -LRB- Feb 2010 -RRB- a third one is only available from one of Amazon 's partners for $ 150 . It 's good , but nowhere near that good . I could flatten it or at least bend it beyond repair with one good kick , unlike the new Milwaukee cases that Amazon now sells for a reasonable price . Do n't like plastic ? All my Milwaukee tools are built with extremely tough and durable plastic in addition to metal where it 's required .
 This is the only Milwaukee product that I have ever purchased that was poorly made . I ordered 4 power tool carrying cases and all four came with very poor paint jobs . The only good thing that came out of this transaction was that the vendor quickly provided cost free return and credited my account . Unfortunately , the vendor was not able to provide top-quality replacements .
 This little monster might not have enough power for lots of heavy drilling , but it has more than enough to make you very , very sorry if you are foolish enough -LRB- as I was -RRB- to forget to unplug it before you change a bit . It took off at full speed , the cord wrapped around the paddle trigger , preventing it from turning off , and the whole mess jerked from my grasp and wrapped itself around my left hand . When I was finally able to unplug it , I was amazed to find that my first two fingers were only badly bruised and not broken . I would have said that what it managed to do to me was impossible . Wrong . Painfully wrong.Look how close the paddle is to the chuck . It 's practically impossible to change a bit without depressing the paddle . If it 's plugged in , you wo n't like what happens next .
 This is not a drill I use very offen , and I would expect that it would have lasted a little longer . While running in a screw , I stripped out the gears and now have a tool that will cost as much to repair as it will to replace . Also the paddle switch is not very well designed , for a drill that is intended for cramped spaces I would expect something that was less prone to getting bumped or caught up , also the drill continues to spin long after you let off the paddle . This drill is fine for drilling small holes in cramped spaces that do n't need to be damaged , that 's about it .
 I used this drill infrequently as I have a Hole Hawg for most of my hole drilling work . After using this light duty drill a few times , the gears started to slip . A few more times and the drill was useless . I do not abuse my tools and as others have noted , these gears are very , very light duty . Further , the paddle handle location and bit changes are just asking for a chuck key rip into your palm if the tool is plugged in . If you have this tool , UNPLUG it when changing or removing bits . If you do n't have this tool , I recommend you stay away from it and go with a 1/2 inch drill instead .
 I bought one of these to drill holes in joists , it lasted for 5 holes before the angle drive stripped out . Returned for a 1/2 in . which works fine . I 'd recommend going for a Hole Hawg to start with if you plan on using it for anything but small holes ...
 I 've probably used this drill 5 time total . Mostly drilling holes in studs for electrical wire . I expect for $ 155 that the drll would last a lot longer . Did n't abuse it , or drill through nails . As soon as I started doing one inch holes the gears started to slip and that was that . If your doing small holes this drill is for you , otherwise use a half inch drill because this drill wont last very long .
 I 'm not sure where to start . Well , let me first say that I am somewhat of a tool afficianado . If its a tool I probably tried it once or twice . I love tools . Big ones , small ones you name it . Armed with a lifetime of experience I feel that I am an excellent judge of tools . This tool may look pretty , sure it can fit in the palm of your hand , but what really counts is POWER . This little tool just lacks in the rpm department . A man like myself needs his tool to get the job done fast . I do n't have time to jerk around with my tool . If you 're a woman , this may be the drill for you . But men like me deserve a bigger , faster tool .
 I bought this unit to replace a Black and Decker Sand Cat that had destroyed the front belt roller bearing . The unit has tremendous power . The bad part is that it will not sand flush to a wall . Then after using it about 4 times , it just plain quit . I 'm lucky enough to have the service center within 5 miles of my house and the power switch was replaced under warranty . Otherwise the sander will take on anything and the belt rollers have decent bearings .
 I bought this expensive unit 6 months ago and have only occasionally used it . Today it wo n't work at all , cord is fine , brushes are fine , not sure what 's wrong , but now it 's a $ 250 paper weight ! Not happy .
 Not a huge fan of the belt sander in general -LRB- prefer scrapers -RRB- I decided to buy one of these about two months ago . Most of the time I have had it , it just sat around the tool cabinet . Well after about one hour of use the machine just stopped working . Nothing , nada , zilch ... not even funny sounds . I now have to take my very expensive paper weight and ship it to the serivce center capable of fixing it in the next state . I am NOT HAPPY.I was a big fan of Bosch until now . I own two 1617 routers , a barrel grip jig saw , sliding compound mitre saw , random orbit sander and planer from them . This may be my last purchase.For guys like me that have little time to pursue their hobby , this is a big inconvience .
 After reading all the reviews , and talking to fellow woodworkers , I thought the 1276 was the right tool to do the heavy duty panel leveling I needed . I got exactly one day of use out of it , when it quit dead ! There I was in the middle of a job , on a weekend , had to go to home depot and buy the Porter Cable after all.Disappointed
 What review ? I never received the product ! Seller 's error in listing the item became my disappointment . Lots of apology but no satisfactory offer to remedy . Not happy with the whole process . Amazon 's lack of awareness in this whole aborted transaction leads me to believe there is no one that actually reads the emails . Even after my initial complaint to Amazon at the time , I continue to receive offers of accessories for an item I never owned and now this , asking for my review of the product . How do I rate an item I never received?It all amounts to a loss of confidence with the Amazon -LRB- lack of -RRB- service . Oh it 's well enough when the retailer follows through but there is little to be done or take action for something like this when a customer contracts in good faith based upon Amazon 's reputation and then finds out there is a lot of head-burying when things do n't go right.I 'm fairly disgusted and will never forget your participation in what amounts to a colossal demonstration of negative customer advertising .
 I use sanders in flooring to quick level subfloors . On average I use it about once every 3 weeks for 2-3 hours . For the first few months of owning this sander , it worked like a champ . However the forward balance handle kept coming off during the job and finally lost the hardware holding it together . If that was n't enough then the wearplate burned off . I called the factory and they took care of this no charge . Within 3 months of use this one burned off again . I do n't consider this abnormal use and called them again . They told me this is normal and I would need to replace the part myself at my cost . Not expensive but downtime on the tool if needed . Maybe design a heavier duty plate . It 's the best belt sander so far but I 'm still lookin .
 When I first bought this sander I simply loved it . For the price it was a great piece of equipment . But then came the issue of service . The screws that hold the sanding base onto the unit have a tendency to come loose . If you do not keep these screws tight at all times , it tears up the base of the sander . In normal use , you do n't realize the screws are loose until after you turn off the sander . I took the tool in for repairs and learned the design of the tool required complete replacement of the motor , an $ ... repair . I took the $ ... and bought the Porter Cable random orbit sander . It is more money but all in all a much better piece of equipment .
 I have owned this sander for about 2 years . When it is working , it is a great sander , much better than others I own , but in the time I have owned it I have had to replace the pad 3 times , and all the bearings once . This sander is not being used commercially , but in a home shop . Yesterday the pad came off again which is what happens when thay wear out , and this time it stripped out the threads in the hole that holds it on . I am sure if I checked the bolt every time I change a disc it would help , but when I pay $ 100.00 for a tool , I would expect it to stay togeather better than this . I ` am not repairing it again . I am buying another brand .
 Pro : It 's Light weight makes it good for vertical or overhead sanding.Dust collection is good as long as it is not clogged.Con : Switch quit working after 3 months , under warranty I should have had it replaced , instead I thought the same thing would happen again since it was the dust from sanding , so I installed a toggle switch instead.Variable speed made little difference to speed , I brought it in for service thinking it was defective , no it was fine.Dust exhaust clogs easily and is hard to clean out.Belt removal is difficult , just make sure you do your bench curls everyday.Motor will not hold up to heavy pressure.Would help if front handle removal was tool free.Summary : The most overrated tool on Amazon .
 It amazes me that people are giving this tool more than a one or two star rating . It can not be used for over 2 hours without begining to fail . It shows that most users are either not using the tool long enough before giving a review , or the normal projects people use the tool for are very short duration . This sander is sized and shaped perfectly for easy handling and general all position use . When the sander was new I used it to sand a maple butcher block top . After an hour or so the sander was spitting black graphite pieces all over the white wood top staining the surface . The sander was hopping around like the wheels were square ! I removed the belt to inspect the sander . The friction pad was disintegrating . The wheels were clumped with fragments from the dieing pad . I had to finish the job with my old $ 49.00 Skil which is very light duty , but finished the job . I sent the sander in to be repaired under warranty . I got some resistance from the repair people , but they did put a new pad on , and replaced a wheel . I have since used the sander for very light use type jobs of short duration . Last week I had another job which required continuous use for 3 hours sanding a fiberglass body panel flat . I used no down pressure only gravity to weight the sander . It lasted 2 hours before spitting out carbon flakes again . The wheels are caked with graphite lumps again and the leading 25 % of the pad is worn down again . This pad design is lacking for any project requiring continuous use over an hour or so . It looks like I may need a heavier duty tool to use for any surfacing type jobs . This one is only good for sanding edges or small lumps off of surfaces . The cost is too high for such a light duty tool . I hope they abandon the carbon pad for future offerings . The plastic back bone inside the dust bag failed on my sander also . It has small ears that attach to the inlet socket . The ears are very small diameter and lack robustness . I hope Bosch can refine this sander , as it is a good handling tool and would fit the needs of many a craftsman .
 This product is almost exactly the same as the Ryobi BE231 it replaced , Externally the primary difference is a carbon pad to reduce frction on the Bosch . The Bosch cost twice as much , and became nonfunctioinal after little use , while the Ryobi model withstood heavy use for years . There was so much friction on the carbon pad , that it heated up painfully . The sander started breaking belts for no apparent reason . The dust collection on the Ryobi was not good , but it was totally nonfunctional on the Bosch.I have been satisfied with the Bosch routers -LRB- 1613,1617 -RRB- , but their sanders , both belt and ROS , have not worked well for me .
 UPDATED AFTER 6 WEEKS OF USE
 I have recently purchased numerous Bosch tools from Amazon/Tool Crib and I have been a life-long Bosch fan . However , I have to say that this is the very first time I have been let down by one of their products . I guess I just got a rare `` lemon '' . Immediately on using it , I had problems with the `` Lock-On Button '' . Either it would not keep the machine running , or when it did engage I could then not stop it ! It works sporadically , but usually not until I have tried to disengage or engage it several times . Then , after just 15 minutes use sanding some deck timbers , a loud clatter developed . Sounds like a bearing problem ? This did not seem to unduly affect performance , and since I purchased the unit for this specific job , I carried on for a while . Then , the rear belt wheel started to slip or disengage , like a slipping clutch . The work I was doing was not unduly difficult and for a period of time , the work was going like a dream , much as I am used to with Bosch tools.So finally , I just gave up-extremely disappointed that I could not finish the job at hand.I have returned it and I will get the 1276DVS instead .
 I 'll start off by stating that I LOVE all of my other Bosch tools - from all the laser goodies to to the pneumatics to my planer . But , whoever is in charge of putting Bosch 's name on this piece of dung from Switzerland -LRB- where it 's made -RRB- , should be fired ! Actually , the tool does have some strong points ; e.g. , a light yet solid feeling , it 's ergonomic & has the ability to be inverted & used as table top sander because of its unique brick-like shape . HOWEVER , the bloody platen is NOT wide enough to incorporate a standard 3 '' belt ! In other words , with the belt adjusted ALL THE WAY INBOARD , there is still circa 3/16 '' of the outboard edge of the belt off of the platen & rollers ... WHAT A WASTE !!! I called Bosch Tech Support & the guy had the nerve to tell me that `` some belt manufactures make their belts a little wider than standard & so they can over extend the rollers & platen . '' I promptly refuted , `` The belt is THE SAME belt that came in the box from Bosch ! '' I told him I 'd be sending it back to Amazon & buying another brand . Then he stated , `` Well , our 4 `` x24 '' is a much better belt sander '' & suggested that I try it . I laughed & bidded him a good day ! I do n't WANT a bigger sander , which is exactly why I chose a 3 `` x21 '' ! Bottom line is the tracking knob is turned ALL THE WAY in & the belt is still circa 3/16 '' from the inside edge of the sander . If this sander simply had another 1/4 '' meat on the platen AND rollers , I 'd have likely kept it ; but instead , another manufacturer will get my business ! Come on , Bosch ... time to release a NEW model or find another manufacturer !!!
 I 've had some problems with my unit . First , though , the good side ... I 've been using this since July , 2006 , which has given me enough experience with the machine to write a credible review . The unit is powerful , without being unmanageable . It 's light enough to be able to use on vertical surfaces and runs relatively cool and quietly ... although I found that a set of noise canceling headphones helps tremendously to reduce the racket . It also was designed with a nice flat top , so the sander can be turned upside down and used to -LRB- carefully ! -RRB- hand sand small parts and sharpen some tools.Now , the not so good stuff ... The tracking control on my unit has to be adjusted all the way over to one side to prevent the belt from working it 's way off the two pulleys . Even at that point , where the knob ca n't turn any more , the belt runs at a ~ 5 degree angle to the chassis.The graphite wear pad does indeed wear . Quickly . I go through one for every five or six belts . This may be normal or due to the mistracking ... I 'd be in a better position to evaluate if I had one that tracked correctly for comparison.I 've had problems with sanding dust plugging the insides of the sander ; once to the point that I had to completely dissemble it to clean it out . The optional Bosch exhaust hose -LRB- VAC001 -RRB- that connects the sander to a Shop-Vac is made out of very thin ridged plastic and does n't pass enough air through it to keep the Shop-Vac 's motor from revving up and whining . Active exhaust certainly helps clear the sanding dust , but , without sufficient cooling air , I 'm concerned about the impact on my Shop-Vac 's motor life.All in all , I 'm rating this sander as three stars . I 'd be happier if the local Bosch repair shop told me that the tracking was abnormal , but they said that it was ok ...
 This tool is not grounded and is not properly insulated , I get a shock of electricity every time I use it . There is no speed adjustment , just slow , no power , my belts keep braking . The dust bag keeps fly off . I recommend staying away from this tool .
 I 've hardly used this little puppy . I nicked the belt very slightly sanding a piece of aluminum , replaced the belt and it will not track properly or adjust now . I 'll update this when I 've called Bosch , but I 've had other problems recently with a 1375a grinder , and Bosch was not very helpful.Overall this should be a great sander according to design and specs , but it seems so delicate as to be entirely unsuitable for anything other than an ornament.For now , I 'm not buying another Bosch tool and I 'm creating lots of colorful language when I think about the company . Make sure you read the poor reviews about Bosch before you commit your hard earned dollars to this company , I do n't think they are a very honest company with much integrity at this point .
 the box came with the security seal opened , a bad sign . I looks like the item had been returned . the problem is the sanding belt just flies off and the tension adjuster does not work at all .
 Bosch 1274DVS 6.6 Amp 3-Inch by 21-Inch Variable Speed In-Line Belt Sander with Cloth Dust BagI do n't especially pamper or abuse my tools but this sander died after 18 months . Several of my favorite tools are Bosch so we started out on good terms . However the dust collector plugged up early on and I could n't get it to work again . Then the tracking quit adjusting . Finally it just stopped in the middle of sanding a big table top , maybe overheated ? It 's in the trash and I returned to my tired old Makita .
 While it is pretty light , this model just has too many design issues to be worth the premium lifestyle brand price.For starters , the dust bag is awful and the sander would be better off without it . There is absolutely nothing on either the dust port or the bag itself that is capable of creating a seal , so you invariably end up with a steady stream of dust shooting right into your face no matter how much you tighten that little screw . Odds are good that port 's going to clog up on you in a big hurry , too.Next up is the tension release lever -- it 's plastic . Not that ultra sturdy kind of plastic they make milk crates and flight cases out of that lasts forever , but the cheap kind that goes brittle as it outgasses . In this price range , I expect to get a tool that 's going to last several years , but this is one part that is very obviously going to break much sooner than that . Frankly , it feels like it 's going to snap off every time you use it.Then there 's the little graphite pad they put over the platen . This wears down very , very quickly and you 're going to have to special order replacements . What 's worse is that 3 '' belts do n't quite cover the entire thing , so after about 10 minutes worth of usage you 'll have worn a groove into it that leaves you with a 1/8 '' strip on the side sitting flush with the belt itself . Can you say ugly black streaks everywhere ? I knew that you could.Lastly , the handle bugged me . There 's no good way to pick this thing up -LRB- or set it down -RRB- without accidentally bumping the trigger . I have no doubt that this would have eventually resulted in something very bad happening had I decided to keep it.If it were maybe half the current price , I 'd consider it a viable contender as I do like the weight , the flat platen , and the flat top , but I 'm going to have to go with the Makita on this one . If plastic and `` good enough '' performance are your cup of tea , Ryobi 's even cheaper .
 My first project with this tool was ~ 64 sq.ft . of peeling deck planks . I broke or shredded 3 belts in the process and the handle got very hot . By the end the graphite pad had worn badly and also left a number of black marks on my decking . My old Dewalt 430 had none of these problems on the same type of decking.Also the sander does n't seem wide enough . A new belt sticks out about 1/8 '' over the side and tracking adjustments do n't help . Maybe this is why belts fail so fast . If I had bought this at Lowes I would already have taken it back.On the positive side it is light and compact and the dust collection works well . It 's just not up to the abuse I need to be able to give a sander .
 Sure , Swiss sourced , German design , Bosch Name ... ALL FAILThe world of tool use is a jungle , and this sander dies quick.The belt release lever is of molded PLASTIC that weakens with stress cycles and breaks off ... no matter how you baby it ... The thing is not fit for it 's intended useAn expensive shadow of a sander
 I purchased this sander to replace my older Bosch sander that needed too many parts to repair.It 's light weight makes it nice for one handed scribing , it has the flat top for inverted use and the front handle removes for getting up reasonably close.But the tracking adjustment is horrendously bad , dust collection is poor , and the graphite platen pad is a liability instead of an asset.My sander refused to track with the supplied belt . I thought I might try another brand .3 M , Klingspor , Mirka and other quality brands seem no better.Continues to track an inch off the open side of the frame.The graphite pad gets gummy and chunks off onto the drive roller -LRB- which then needs constant cleaning -RRB- Dust collection is also poor and the bag is a horrible design.It interferes with your grip and leaves no clearance top OR bottom.I have blown out and disassembled the dust tract and find no buildup of sawdust impeding the flow.The bag never really inflates and I think it is the design of the bag baffle that is at fault.I would like to use this sander more but for now it sits on the shelf a reminder of an expensive mistake ... Edit : Frustrated with this sander and emboldened by writing about it to warn others , I decided to try and ` fix ' the problems.First ; Off with the pad!This was my fourth , and I use fresh , sharp belts , so it should n't get hot.Just put some TopCote -LRB- R -RRB- or PTFE dry lube on the metal platen.Second ; Peel back the dust bag and cut away 3/4 of the baffle , leaving a crescent that directs the dust into the body of the bag . -LRB- better yet buy a dust bag for the Ryobi that everyone mentions . It 's a much better design and fits just fine . -RRB- Third ; I studied the geometry of the tracking problem and decided if the adjuster could n't get any tighter I needed to shift the other end of the pivot.Removing the two Torx screws on the side of the case and the adjuster knob allows the tensioner assembly to come free.I deepened the notch where the tang projects behind the tensioner spring by ~ 1/8 '' and tacked a small piece of 1/8 '' brass rod to the ` out ' side of the tang so that the boss of the metal body casting would keep it pushed over when reassembled.NO ONE should have to go through all this **** to get a NEW tool to work.And certainly Bosch should have read the reviews or seen all the service complaints and done something about the design.It would have been simple for them to modify the dies , or slightly change the stamping of the sander 's wheel carrier to resolve the issue .
 My bosch 1274DVS has maybe 3-4 hours of use even though I have had it for 6-8 years . Just not much into woodworking but when you need it you need it . I think an internal gear must have went out . No repair place except 110 miles away . Not much use in putting money into repair and have it do it again . Very disappointed in the product .
 I bought a 1274DVS a few years ago . As I have found with other Bosch tools they are hit or miss . You might get lucky.You might get a lemon.My sander is worthless . I got about 2-3 hours use out of it . The paper wo n't stay on no matter how much time I or anyone else devotes to trying to solve the problem . I replaced it with a Dewalt . I keep the bosch on a pile of junk in my shop to remind me of the problems I have had with Bosch tools .
 My wife purchased a close-quarter drill as a Christmas present in 2001 . One year and 3 months later , it no longer works . Apparently it ca n't handle 3/4 and 1 inch bits . I called Milwaukee to get service , and they tell me that I abused their heavy duty drill . I personally would not recommend this drill to any contractor that needs a tool that will last .
 If you intend to do any serious drilling -LRB- e.g. home-building -RRB- just buy one of Milwaukee 's professional 90 degree drills . There is no way the plastic helical gears on this one have the strength to drive the work that one would want a 1/2 '' chuck for . I also did not find that the size of this allowed much more access then a regular 90 . I know I asked alot of this drill but that 's why I bought one with a 1/2 '' chuck and for the price , I never expected that it would break so quickly .
 The picture shown for this sander shows a sander able to flush sand to the belt side of the sander . This error caused me to purchase this rediculously designed belt sander . Bosch , I have normally loved their tools . But this makes me feel like never buying another bosch tool again . Instead of redesigning the sander and motor housing for the 3x24 belt , they used the same frame and body with different rollers and platina for the 4 '' wide sander to save them design costs and changes . So what does this do , , yep , leaves a full one inch over hang of the motor housing over the belt . . How STUPID . you think they could have at least modified it to push the rollers and platina out to the side so it would be flush like the 4 inchers . but no . If you want a tool designed to save Bosch money and with no care as to the end user , , you or me , , then buy this piece of garbage .
 Its a pretty enough piece at a distance , however soon as i took it out of the box it was obvious how poorly it was constructed and of what cheap materials . Its very cheap looking within 5ft or so . i got 2 of them as gifts if i cant return them then i will simply throw them away .
 I am very displeased with my Makita LS1011 . I have n't been able to cut accurately since I 've had it . If you get it to cut accurately at a 90 degree angle , it will not cut accurately at a 45 degree angle . I have heard about changing to different blades . I have tried two of Freud teflon coated 80 tooth cross-cut blades . I gave it a 2-star rating because I like the looks of the saw . It looks good , cuts bad . It could use a different type of adjustment for aligning the blade with the fence . It should be a screw type of alignment instead of the four hard to get to bolts . When you tighten the bolts back down after aligning the fence , the fence might move out of adjustment . The vertical adjustment of the blade is a good example of how it should be for the fence . If I could , I would give the saw back to Mikita .
 I purchased my LS1011 when they first hit the market over ten years ago . I have done a lot with it but it is not a precision machine . I have always been annoyed by play in the slide mechanism which results in cutting angle errors when blade torque and bite take over the cut - even with the sharpest blade . I have learned to correct for this when setting up the cut , but it is a pain . The hold down clamp is unusable on the right fence as it interferes with the motor . -LRB- Why did they put a mounting hole for the clamp on that side ? -RRB- . Like all of my Makita tools it has a VERY loud motor and ear protestion is advised . The bevel tilt lever mechanism is of the `` trial and error '' design . It is relatively light-weight and easy to transport but I think the Hitachi C10FS is 10 times the saw for the price Makita is asking for this one .
 I have installed a pair of these lights in the front of my house by the left and right side of the garage but only one will light up when motion is detected . The other one stays unlit all the time even if motion is detected , unless I cover one side of the sensor and then it lights up . I tried to replace it with the extra pair I bought , thinking that it might be defective , but it stays the same .
 I have a number of other Makita tools , and have always held Makita in pretty high regard . My 71/4 '' circular saw works great , as does my motorized hand planer , Reciprocating saw , and my plunge router is awsome . This machine seems more like a toy that a quality piece of machinery . I was surprised to see a little bit of play when the saw was moved into one of the 45 notches . I could pretty easily move it one degrees side to side , unless it was absolutely locked down , and then it was not consistent about being locked down in the same place . When I got the left-hand miter perfect at 45 I could not get the right hand side at 45 , and this is a real problem as they share the same fence . I 'm not sure if the notch was machined in the wrong spot or what , but it 's impossible to cut perfect mitered corners this way.On the positive note , the dust collection work much better than some other saws I 've owned , and I like the supplied hold-down clamp . I also own an inexpensive Ryobi 10 inch miter saw , and at $ 89 it 's twice to machine this is . Heavier metal , and locks down positive -- perfect miters . I 'm going to go buy another after my experience with this.Makita really disappointed me with this one . I 'm packing it up today and sending it back . I 'm actually really puzzled how this saw got such great reviews , as I am normally in agreement with the majority of people . Maybe I just got lemon ?
 This saw does not stay square on the 90 positive stop . On the 45 positive stops , ones on 45 the other on 46 . There is too much play on the saw when you are making a cut . Also , the guard sticks about 75 % of the time , sometimes open and somtimes closed . Finally , I would never buy a Makita miter saw again , and go with a better brand .
 The Makita LS1040 looks to be a fine little saw , but the one we received did not cut straight , and there were no adjustment instructions . We did not try to adjust it , feeling that a brand new saw should not need adjustments . We sent it back .
 The saw is fine for what I paid . My real gripe is that part of the reason that I chose this model is that Amazon stated in the specs that the saw was assembled in the U.S. Instead , it has the MADE IN CHINA logo emblazoned everywhere . I try to buy American when I can . Amazon is n't helping here ...
 Just received this sander today & it 's heading back . When I took it out of the box , my initial reaction was that it had mistakenly had a 4 '' platen installed instead of the proper 3 '' . It turns out that is the way it 's `` supposed '' to be.To me it seems like this is a cheap fix , since the motor extends out past the belt 's normal tracking location . The extra wide platen allows the user to adjust the belt over so that you can sand flush to corners . In the process , the belt is partially off of the drive rolls -LRB- 25 % is off the rolls -RRB- . It seems like this would shorten belt life , when used in this mode . When the belt is tracked in its normal path , the extra platen is sticking out where it will bump into anything that comes near . -LRB- Note that the sander picture show the item from the drive side where this `` feature '' is not visible . -RRB- The dust bag port is rectangular , so have fun hooking up a vacuum to this one . The dust bag seems lighter weight than on other sanders I have . Obviously I have n't used it , so ca n't comment on power and other usability factors . I 'll be getting another brand of sander .
 Reading the reviewer who said the part did not fit the LS1040 worried me . Checking the Makita parts list for the saw shows the correct part is 192625-5 -LRB- aka now 122536-0 -RRB- . The correct part is available on the web but not at any company selling through amazon.com at this time . I found it at ToolPartsDirect.com along with the Horizontal vise part # 122568-1
 I bought this for my Makita LS1040 miter saw . It does n't fit . The box says that it is for the LS1030 . Needless to say , I returned it .
 Its a pretty enough piece at a distance , however soon as i took it out of the box it was obvious how poorly it was constructed and of what cheap materials . Its very cheap looking within 5ft or so . i got 2 of them as gifts if i cant return them then i will simply throw them away .
 I like makita products but was disappointed when it just stopped working after about 5 hours total of use . I did n't force iteither . The switch was on high nearly all the time so I do n't see why the variable switch might have become defective.steve
 I used this sander for less than 2 hours and the belt stopped revolving . The drive belt broke . The other thing that happened with this sander is the first belt of sand paper started to cut a groove in the plastic housing of the machine itself .
 I just purchased this today to scribe a countertop . Did n't want to spend close to $ 200 on a really good belt sander so I got this one from a pawn shop for about $ 60 . It appeared to work fine as I initially plugged it up , flipped it over and turned it on . The belt seemed to turn with no variance so I did nothing to adjust it . I began to work on scribing my countertop and got about 3/4s of the way done when I began to smell something hot or burning . I stopped the sander , noticed that the belt had slipped over into the plastic casing and begun to cut into it . Now I have an unfinished scribing project and a waste of $ 60 . Guess I learned my lesson . I should have gotten the best the first time . Wish I had read these reviews before buying this product . Please heed my advice and DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT .
 In the first 10 seconds of use the dust bag elbow broke off . I called the customer service number and they told me I could take it to the service center to get it fixed `` If it were still under warninty '' . She was less then friendly and less then helpfull . Save yourself the hassle and do n't buy this item !
 I just received the belt sander . There was a slight oil stain in the bottom of the box , fine saw dust on the body , and metal scratch marks on the metal base on the bottom of the sander . Hard to say , but some packaging might have been missing as well . Used . I do n't understand how this can happen but if I had to guess I 'd put this on Makita rather than Amazon who does n't sell used versions of this product . Anyway , I just got off the phone and will be sending it back . Inspect yours carefully when you get it.Note on Amazon return . I filled out an inquiry then had Amazon call me for help which they did immediately . After that I explained the problem and within minutes I they issued me a return slip and will be paying for the shipping . Also , they are rushing me a new sander by tomorrow . While I 'm disappointed something like this could happen , and I 'm not happy about the time I wasted , kudos to Amazon for making the return policy so quick and hassle free.This review has nothing to do with the performance of the belt sander as I did n't even plug it in before sending it back .
 I purchased this Makita 9403 belt sander in order to sand down a redwood deck that had been painted with latex that was now peeling in many areas.I soon noticed that the dust collection bag was not collecting very much dust . When I removed the cover on the sander for the dust passage I found the passage quarters very narrow and plugged with sanding debris.Connecting a powerful shop vacuum to the sander dust tube -LRB- bag removed -RRB- while sanding also proved to be futile as the vacuum was not powerful enough to unplug the debris in the passageway.Soon after I started sanding I noticed deposits building up on both rollers . The deposits were under the sanding belt and mainly on the front metal roller . The deposits formed in tenacious clumps as high as 3/16 '' . I had to chisel them off the roller and use lacquer thinner to remove some of them . As the lumps gathered on the rollers the belt would move laterally against the frame and disintegrate . To avoid belt disintegration one had tofrequently stop the sander , remove the belt and chisel off the deposits . This got old very fast as it seemed I was devoting more time to sander maintenance than I was to sanding . I finally put the Makita aside and dug out of the garage a Craftsman `` commercial grade '' 4x24 belt sander I purchased at least 20 years ago . It may or may not have been made for Sears by Porter Cable . The Sears sander was a dream compared to the Makita . I did not experience deposit buildup on the rollers and did not have to replace belts frequently . I intend to put the Makita sander up for sale as I will not waste anymore time using it.I first attempted to purchase the tool from an Amazon subcontractor who claimed to have one unit in stock . I called the subcontractor and asked them to make a warehouse check if a unit was actually in stock . I was told the warehouse man had the tool in his hands . It turned out to be a brazen lie and wasted a lot of my time . I found it amazing that Amazon left me to deal with the subcontractor . The subcontractor was their agent not mine .
 I bought this sander two years ago . This Makita sander does a good job with final sanding chores , as long as you are outdoors or do n't care about noise and dust . The sander is loud , has poor dust collection , and comes with no vacuum port . The plastic interior frame on the dust bag broke causing the bag to occasionally fall off . For the money spent , this sander has been a disappointment .
 I got this sander to have the addition of a dust collection system that my made in france B&D ; had a dust collection system but I went for the $ 12 less same model without it , huge mistake . I did look at and plug in a porter cable and dewalt that were close to the same price range with much the same features and I will admit the dewalt was pretty quite . This is not how I would describe the makita with any stretch of the imagination . The sole reason I chose the makita was it was the ONLY one that sported a flat base , the others where all bowed down in the center and I did not want to sand same cups shapes into the surface of any wood project I had in process . i got mine before they added the case and I used it for the very first time after it sat in the box for two years . This has to be the loudest sander ever produced , I you want to draw everyones attention and have a small crowd of onlooker develope they will surely do so and have no trouble locating the source of the sounds produced . It also vibrates much more than the older B&D ; which was very quiet and smooth . Horrible thing really , the addition of a speed control may be the only thing that saves this sander form being banned to life stored in the box set of the back of a shelf , you could not retain a friendship if you loaned it out or gave it away . I use the old B&B ; and follow it 's movement with a vacuum hose to pick up most dust , at least you can hold onto it with one hand . I have a makita random orbital with speed control and it is a great tool but there are times where you need something to get into corners but retain your hearing at the same time . This is not a sander you would want to use to sand inside of a open ended wood box , here what you have is a vitual organic noise amplifier just to add to the roar of this makita .
 Review said low noise , low vibes ... maybe they did not pack the padded gloves and ear muffs in the case . It is horrible . besides down time to load is a joke unless in the last 2 years makita come up with a better solution to the spring tabs . I shutter every time I need to sand an inside corner to something . I do not like it , never have liked it , and never will like it . If you need one go to a store or trade show and buy one that is quieter with less vibration . TRY IT BEFORE YOU BUY IT . I do not use it unless I absolutely have no choice . As for dust collection anything is better than nothing . My suggestion to avoiding the dust ... do n't use it .
 I do n't usually write negitative reviews , but I really do n't like this sander too much . It does the job okay , but it vibrates too much and is too noisy.It also does n't feel good in my hand . The Porter Cable # 330 speed bloc is such a nice sander that I do n't understand why anyone would want any thing else . -LRB- I 'm not just loyal to Porter Cable , I like a lot of things that Makita makes -RRB- Also , I did n't find the dust collecton feature worth using . It gets some of the dust , but I did n't feel like it was worth taking the time to poke holes in the sandpaper with the little tool -LRB- provided -RRB- for no more good than it did . I 'm only saying this because I know that Makita can make more refined tools . Thank you
 This finish sander just is n't up to Makita 's standards . It works well when new , but lacks durability . Even in a non-professional setting , it just does n't last . The clamps that hold the paper can work loose and are a major pain to get back in place . The level of vibration will also increase in fairly short order . It does sand well , I just wish it was more solidly built . If you need a solid finish sander , you 're better off looking at the Porter-Cable or Dewalt models .
 I do n't usually write negitative reviews , but I really do n't like this sander too much . It does the job okay , but it vibrates too much and is too noisy.It also does n't feel good in my hand . The Porter Cable # 330 speed bloc is such a nice sander that I do n't understand why anyone would want any thing else . -LRB- I 'm not just loyal to Porter Cable , I like a lot of things that Makita makes -RRB- Also , I did n't find the dust collecton feature worth using . It gets some of the dust , but I did n't feel like it was worth taking the time to poke holes in the sandpaper with the little tool -LRB- provided -RRB- for no more good than it did . I 'm only saying this because I know that Makita can make more refined tools . Thank you
 If you want to do some rough grinding this sander can handle the job , but if you want a nice flat smoothly sanded panel , `` forget it '' . This sander is very unstable and I would of given it a lower rating then 1 star by far !
 I 've had my BO5010 for three years , and it has n't seen a lot of work -- just handyman stuff every few months . Until now , it has been pretty useful , though the dust collection bag is poorly designed.Yesterday in the middle of a job the sanding disc kept flying off . The rubber sanding pad on the base provides the hooks for the hook-and-loop system , and that pad somehow lost its hookiness . No new pad will stick to it.I do n't know what caused this
 This sander will not work for a 2 day project . We were sanding the walls in one room and half way through the job , the sanding disc kept flying off . Not sure how to fix this issue and will probably end up buying a new sander to finish the job ! It SUCKS !
 I bought this to go with my impact driver lithium ion set and it doesnt fit :-LRB- I think it fits Ni-cad old style heavier batteries .
 I purchased this work light expecting to use it with my M18 batteries , but I must not have read the small print because it will not work with the M18 batteries .
 I know this is space is reserved for the actual product and not the buying experience . Flame away !! There is no doubt that this product is top notch as all of my Milwaukee tools -LRB- I have TONS of them -RRB- are!But this experience with RFBDirect has me just apoplectic . I realized right after I ordered the light , that it was not compatible with my battery ! On a Fri evening , and within 10 MINUTES of placing the order , I tried to cancel . I explained that it was the wrong light for my battery setup.I guess it was more important for RFBDirect , to capture twelve dollars -LRB- spelled out hoping to avoid a price deletion -RRB- in revenue than provide a positive customer experience . Never heard a peep from them and the flashlight just appeared at my door today . Sure as hell , it wo n't fit either my 14.4 V or 18V batteries . I know it is my fault , but when I ordered , the memo was , `` order soon , only 1 left in stock '' . I figured place the order , run out to garage and verify compatibility , run back to cancel if there was a problem.In this day , when communication is really quite simple , this is a sorry example of doing business .
 I was dismayed that this Milwaukee tool is made in China . It works fine , but the plastic is a bit thinner and it feels a bit more fragile than the Dewalt light I have that was made in Mexico .
 this saw is good for nothing except maybe ripping rough framming materialtoo small for ply -LRB- easily tipped over -RRB- fence useless -LRB- very difficult to square with blade -RRB- weak motorarbor too shortBUY A BOSCH
 THIS SAW IS IN ACCURATE , MITER GAUGE IS USELESS . RIPPING FENSE ASLO INACCURATE BUT NO PORBLEM TO USE FOR FRAMER . IT NEED RECHECK AND READJUST IN ACCURATE.I RECOMMEND MORE ACCURATE SAW . I WILL SELL AND BUY ANOTHER SAW IF POSSIBLE .
 I had this for my first table saw when I started woodworking . No matter how long I spent adjusting it , I could n't get the rear of the fence to lock solid , or to lock in the same place every time . VERY frustrating when you 're trying to make pieces of plywood with square corners.This is not the same caliber tool as Makita 's hand tools.It may work OK for carpenters , but compared to woodworking , they do n't need any kind of precision . For that , a good contractor saw like a Jet would be good . But do spend the money for the upgraded fence . The stock fences on those are garbage too . If you really need a lightweight , compact saw , look at the DeWalt and the Bosch .
 a terrible design with a weak fence that ca n't stay true , non standard miter slot so shallow that nearly impossible to make a cross cutting sled , dado cutting very limited needs viagra to get wider cuts . Why buy this with a Rousseu Table when it is cheaper to get a good contractor saw for less than $ 500 ?
 Do n't buy this saw . There appears to be a manufacturing defect in the rack plate which allows adjustment of the beveled angle on the saw . Makita needs to rethink their design and use steel instead of plastic for this part . Twice now I have purchased the saw and had to return it because several teeth were missing on this plate making bevel adjustments impossible . This can create a real problem in delays for the professional contractor .
 Ive been a self employed for 10 years and been in construction since 1987 , most of my work is custom trim , mantels and cabinets . my father bought a 81/4 '' makita saw in 1986 and i still use it today with a rousseau table , , i cant tell you how many LF has gone through that saw . . well i thought it might be time for a new one , a bigger one . so i went with the makita 10 '' because of the deep 39/16 '' cut and the good luck a had with the last saw -LRB- as far as wear and tear , any makita table saw is useless to me with out the Roussseau table -RRB- in the past years.I also like the crank to lower and raise the blade , after years of hand turning the blade up and down this was really nice , , well when i got the saw i first took note to all the plastic parts that use to be metal , all the important parts , the gears , the crank , the lock . ive used the saw for four jobs now and the hand lock has all ready snaped off . . its very upsetting to see good long lasting tools get cheaper and cheaper . . ive beaten the heck out of the last makita i had for the last 16 years , ive had this new one for 4 weeks and its already broken , , i do not recomend this saw to anyone that has to rely on it every day for work , it will not last . . spend the money and buy a Dewalt ...
 The unit I received within 10 uses developed a bad bevel adjustment system , which made it impossible to do fine adjustments of the bevel . I sent it for replacement , and the next one did the same thing . I think there is a definite manufacturer 's defect on this one .
 At first I was very happy with this saw , despite the somewhat wobbly fence design . After a couple of months of light use , however , the locking mechanism for the bevel adjustment had stripped , allowing the bevel angle to shift while cutting .
 I would purchase this saw again because its great ! But be careful . I took the blade guard off and ended up with a scrap 2X4 in the eye . Boy did that hurt ! I put the guard back on just for safety reasons but it blocks the view of where your fingers are . Within a couple of days , I cut all the fingers off of my left hand . Now because of my nubs , I cant woodwork at all . I probably should have bought a Porter cable instead .
 Tenon jig , forget it . Featherboard , nope . Accurate miter gage , negative . Any accesories to make this saw do more than ripping , out of the question . Documentation of the non-standard miter slot , non-existent . Do n't buy this saw unless you are looking for a plain old plywood cutter . It does that pretty good though . ------------------- An update - Still using this saw , still cursing the fence and MITER SLOT . Recently I 've found the arbor to be way short for dadoing . Maximum dado width is 3/8 '' . List price of $ 550 ? Are they joking ? You can buy a Grizzly cabinet saw for a little more than that . Seriously , all you can do with this saw is basic ripping .
 This saw used to be the end-all in portable table saws . It 's still as tough as they come , but Makita has done little to improve it 's features in the twenty years I 've been working . It is lightweight , but the fence and sliding angle guide are highly inaccurate . If you buy this saw , I recommend purchasing the Rousseau table with it to ensure an accurate fence , outfeed and extension tables . Unfortunately , the cost of both table and saw exceed that of buying a truly good job-site table saw such as the Bosch , DeWalt or Porter Cable . I 'm really surprised , too , because Makita offers -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- the best 10 '' sliding compound miter saw on the market . If all you 're doing is framing , buy the Makita .
 I have been using this saw for 2 years as an on site stair builder after my employer purchased this saw against my , and my coworkers , recomendations . This saw is cheaper than the DeWalt and the Bosch , and it shows . The miter gauge was used once and found to be useless . The fence is a joke , getting it square to the blade requires a measurement from both ends of the blade , keeping it square requires no pressure against the fence . For cuts that require accuracy , more often than not , I resort to clamping a guide board to the table to ensure that it will slide , or flex , halfway through the cut . If you are looking for quality and accuracy spend the extra dough and buy a DeWalt or Bosch , the time and aggravation saved is well worth the money spent .
 I got this saw as a gift when I moved into my new house . I did n't know much about table saws then . I noticed that I was getting some binding and burning - even after squaring the stock fence . I read some reviews and , unfortunately , plunked down another $ 300 for the Rosseau table.So it 's true - the stock fence is poor . After getting the Rosseau I had the same problems with inaccuracy , although it had improved . Getting a better fence and squaring it properly resolved the burnout and binding . Then I bought the Masterplate and Mastergauge to try to figure out where the inaccuracy was . I found out that there was runout at the arbor . There was enough runout on the arbor alone to make fine woodowrking an impossibility on this saw . The blade guard and splitter are low quality - and laborious to change out.Another problem - the positive stops -LRB- detents -RRB- at 90 and 45 degrees are inaccurate and , as far as I can tell , impossible to adjust . At the 90 degree positive stop on the handwheel my blade was about 5 degrees off . You can get 90 degrees by manually turning the wheel to get there -LRB- past the set detent -RRB- and then locking it there . The manual directs you to adjust a screw to adjust the positive detent settings at 90 and 45 degrees . Well that 's a laugh . You turn the screw counterclockwise -LRB- which is supposed to adjust the blade angle -RRB- and it just ... unscrews . It does nothing to the blade angle . Then if you try to manually position the blade and screw it back in to lock the blade in place it forces it back out of square . I did n't even bother trying to adjust the 45 degree stop after that fiasco . With this saw you just have to set your bevels manually.As others have said this may be quite good for rough carpentry . It is light and powerful . You can cut 4x4 -LRB- 3.5 '' -RRB- on it without a problem . But if you have any aspirations to do woodworking or cabinetry , forget it . You will not be able to get square cuts on long boards with any precision . I am replacing this with a Unisaw . I 'll probably sell this saw and the 2700xl for a loss.This is the first Makita tool I am giving a mediocre review to . I own the compressor , 2 routers , lithium ion set , circular saw , sliding miter saw and plate joiner . I thought they were all very well made . Perhaps this is a better tool than I am giving it credit for , but it just did n't meet my needs .
 Ive used the old 81/2 makita for years , and now owned the 10 '' -LRB- and the Bosch -RRB- for a few years now . I loved the portability -LRB- best part -RRB- and the fence is god-awful unless you get the rousseau table . It would be the ideal set-up , but the arbor stinks on this one -- with a 100 dollar new blade , it still scores up the cut -- meaning I have to joint or sand every finished piece . You can see the wobble as you turn it on . I 've heard the same complaint from other contractors , and it has been mentioned on this board . MAKITA WAKE UP ! I would never buy this saw again if this were n't fixed -- if it were , the saw would tear off the roof !
 This is by far the worst Makita product I 've ever purchased ! I unfortunately did n't return it within the 30 day period . Now , I 'm stuck with it . The fence is a joke . Getting the fence to clamp straight takes longer than cutting the piece by hand . The mitre guide is a joke . If you can live with + - 3 degrees you are ok . The guide fits very loosely in the table groove so its impossible to get an accurate cut . It 's the worst $ 300 I 've ever spent on a tool . You would be hard pressed to find a lower quality table saw . The only positive is that it is light and will be easy to throw in the dumpster .
 While this saw is powerful and well balanced , it has several short comings . One of the most aggravating is the ease with which the depth adjustment slips . The depth adjustment 's quick lock handle engages a locking bolt that runs in a slot . This bolt has a square section which has stripped out -LRB- with minimal use -RRB- and the bolt turns in this slot causing the depth adjustment to slip . It is not replaceable unless you completely disassemble the saw.The forward part of the base of the saw is not chamfered on the right side of the blade . This causes the saw to hang up when cutting plywood or other rough-surfaced wood , especially when cutting across the grain.Overall the quality of the saw is only average , not what I expected from Makita
 I needed a replacment for my Black & Decker DYI cheapy which died while cutting brick . Got the Makita . Not good . It worked well for several hours . The thin base plate kept slipping under my guide , but the alignment guide alowed me to maitain a relatively straight cut . After a couple days , however , the blade no longer tracked with the alighnment mark . I called a Makita Factory Service Center -LRB- closest one was 4 hours away -RRB- and asked if there was any adjustment for tracking . They said no , but that they could fix it . I kept going for a few more days , then gave up . After 9 days use I returned it and bought a Porter-Cable . I realy liked the balance and power of the Makita . The base plate is too thin and loads up easily . When loaded up it is difficult to maintain a smooth cut . Bottom line
 I 'm a contractor who demands a lot from my tools . I 've owned the Makita LS1013 for 3 + years and am in the market for a new saw . I really liked the saw 's features when I first purchased it , but I had to bring it in to a Makita repair shop within the first year . Ever since it has been on the road to ruin . I 've had it worked on five times having had the miter locking mechanism replaced twice , the safety switch replaced twice -LRB- it falls out and gets lost - I now have a screw in its place -RRB- , the fence replaced once -LRB- now needing its second replacement -RRB- , switch replaced ; miter bearing track under the table replaced twice -LRB- again the aluminum against steel thing -RRB- ; etc. ... Positives of the saw
 Please disregard the 1 Star rating . I do n't even own this saw . It 's just that I 'm sick and tired of reading manufacturers advertisements and rebuttals to their competitors `` reviews '' in these forums . Jay Concepcion , please clarify for me
 I researched saws for months and read the reviews here at amazon . We decided on the makita and purchased it prior to begining an extensive trim job . My initial review of the saw was very very good . The only concern I had was that the miter did not lock as tightly as I would have liked . As we used the saw daily , the saw began to deteriate . One thing to mention is that the saw was on a job-sight being used by a number of different employees my self included . Not in a controlled environment or by people that necessarly baby tools . The saw worked fine throughout the base and casement work . Then came the 600 lin . feet of 8 '' crown where the saw was being mitered and beveled all day . Here are the problems that developed .1 . The miter lock eventually did not lock at all no matter how tight you turned the knob . We took apart the saw to find that locking was produced when a steel bar presses in on an aluminum slot . The aluminum had worn away and the steel had nothing left to press on . This problem makes a difficult crown job all the more difficult . We ended up jamming a shim along the side to lock the miter .2 . The center bolt that the miter pivots on loosened . We dicovered this not only by the wobble , but also by the grinding the saw made when the miter was moved . We removed the plastic and attempted to tighten the bolt . But it only then loosened every time the saw was swung to the right . The problem is that the only thing holding the bolt is a dab of lock-tight from the factory . This can be temperarly fixed , but we did n't have lock-tight on the job that day . The wobble left , but the grinding did n't .3 . The pre-set miter positions loosened beyond the accuracy needed for crown molding . Again the problem was the steel eventually wore the aluminum sloppy.These are design issues . Some other anoyances are as follows :1 . The miter lock knob requires to many turns to snug .2 . The bevel lock design allows it to become sticky with saw dust after a short period of use .3 . At steep bevel/miter cuts , the plastic blade guard hooks on the materiel preventing the saw from moving .4 . The bevel degrees are aligned on the side of the saw not the front . You have to then blow the saw dust off to read them.In conclusion , The motor and slides worked flawlessly . With the freud blade we used , the cuts were smooth . For long term durability , this is not the saw to own unless you do n't do bevel and miter cuts often . We returned the saw and I am on the hunt for another .
 I 'm a residential contractor -- bought a brand new saw , and had to align it for bevel and miter angle out of the box . Seemed OK at first after a few test cuts at 90 deg . miter , but the 45 deg . miter angles both were off . Checked the alignment of my squares , etc. and they were OK . Result
 This is a great saw if you do not need a 45 degree bevel . Hitachi is a dual , this is a one way bevel saw . . The bad news is
 This has been , plainly put , the least reliable power tool I 've owned . It was okay for the first year or so when I used it to install crown molding and cabinet trim during a kitchen remodel . However , one day it started running intermittently , cutting out and then powering up again , and then it just quit . I went to the local authorized Makita repair shop , bought a switch , and installed it myself -LRB- not a tough job -RRB- . That switch worked for awhile , then it quit as well . I let the saw sit while I bought a third switch , but before installing that switch , I tried the second switch again . It worked . It continued to work for a couple of months , then the saw quit altogether , this time during a fencing job . I ended up doing all cuts freehand with a Skilsaw Mag 77 -LRB- now there 's a good tool ! -RRB- . I installed the third switch in the Makita , and it did n't work at all . I 'm about to give up.I asked the guy at the shop if this type of problem is common . He retorted with , `` Why do you think I have so many switches in stock ? '' Really , the saw is accurate and ergonomic . It 's also frustratingly temperamental , and no one has time for this kind of problem . Time to get rid of it and get a DeWalt or a Ridgid .
 ... we ordered the makita ls1013.I ordered this one based on the reviews here , and on the recommendation of a friend . I waited anxiously for my saw to arrive ... got it on Thursday ... I spent Thursday night and Friday making trim molding on my router table , so that Saturday I could cut the miters and install the base to the dresser . Saturday morning , cup of coffee in hand , I entered my shop with the notion that I could complete both the dresser and changing table -LRB- with the exception of sanding & finish -RRB- by the end of the day ... At least that is what I told my wife ... I wanted to begin by cutting some very small trim molding ; I needed the miters to be perfect . The soft start of the saw was reassuring as I cut the first miter , slicing through the 5/16 '' molding like butter , with no tear out ... big smile ... 2nd & 3rd cuts , just as before ... just one more small cut and I can glue up the trim , but wait !!!! Right in the middle of the cut , the saw powers down ... I pull the trigger again and again , the saw does not come to life ... Is the power off ? Is my extension cord too long/not big enough?After running down all of these possibilities , I thought that maybe the saw overheated ? Cutting 5/16 '' molding ?!!!! RIDICULOUS ... so I unplugged the saw and got a fresh cup of coffee and watched `` BOOK OF POOH '' with my daughter . Returning to the shop , I plugged in my saw , and pulled the trigger ... nothing . What was wrong ? I read the manual again ... How could a 500.00 saw with such great reviews be defective right out of the box ? I unplugged the saw , threw my coffee cup against the wall , and locked up the shop.I was very dissapointed to say the least . I went right to the computer to find the Makita website ... I was going to email them a thing or two ... no email address ... just an 800 # ... no one available until Monday ... Ahhh but there is Amazon !! So here I am ... I feel better now ... got to leave work early today to take the saw to the nearest repair facility . I am sure that my opinion and rating of this saw will improve once I get it fixed ... but until then , Makita ? Take that !!!!
 Did n't want to review until I used both this and the Hitachi laser dual slider -LRB- Hitachi C10FSH 10 '' Dual Bevel Slide Compound with Laser -RRB- for at least a few months . Both saws are great . However , I give Hitachi the extra endorsement because :1 . Hitachi can bevel to the right and left -LRB- dual bevel -RRB- . The Makita ca n't . If you do trim often , you will appreciate this feature .2 . No laser on the Makita . The laser on the Hitachi is dead on . No need to lift , check and recheck . This is a time saver and it is very accurate .3 . Slide action on the Hitachi is smoother than the Makita .4 . Hitachi has a softer start and is quieter.This is a good saw , but the Hitachi a better saw for an extra $ 30 which gets you a better saw plus dual bevel and laser.I have been cutting laminate flooring , trim and cabinet faceframes with both for a few months . All my contractors prefer the Hitachi.Good luck shopping !
 I may have got a lemon . This saw burns wood on any type of cut . Replaced the blade with a Forrest Chopmaster but had same results . Something is terribly wrong with this saw .
 I have owned this tool for 3 years . I finally give up . After having to re-adjust the tool to square almost daily , after using an angle , I ca n't justify the wasted time and screwed up project pieces any longer . I ordered a Hitachi .
 A friend of mine bought this kit after I gushed about my Hitachi 14.4 v system . I loved the chuck , the weight distribution and the fast charger . His 9.6 seemed too heavy , and while the charge held out for a good while , it simply was n't up to running a masonry bit or driving deep wood screws . He felt like he had bought a weak screwdriver and an expensive flashlight . I just felt bad for recommending Hitachi drills in general . Usually their engineering is such that they do n't offer a weak tool . Do n't buy this except for fairly light duty . The 14.4 is as good a drill as is out there however , and I have used the 24v Bosch and can still say that .
 I use my Hitachi 9.6 v drill kit primarily for industrial maintenance . Power-wise , it has been adequate for most screw driving and drilling chores -LRB- even up to drilling 3/8 '' holes in steel . -RRB- However , I can not recommend it due to its cheap clutch design . With the clutch on `` drill '' setting any off-center pressure on the bit while drilling would cause the clutch to pop out of place , and ratchet to the lowest torque setting . Likewise , when driving screws , the clutch would often pop out and zip to the lowest setting . The problem got to be so bad that the drill became unusable . Although the drill was still under warranty , I decided to fix it myself - since a replacement was likely to do the same thing . I took it apart and glued the clutch ring to stay at the drill setting with an epoxy made especially for plastics . The drill has worked great ever since - although now it is direct drive only . The flashlight is wonderful . Since it comes with 2 batteries you can be charging one while using the other . The light has a pivoting head , is quite durable , and has a spare bulb inside the head . Mine has served me well on the job during all kinds of situations . I would say that it is probably worth buying this kit , at this price , just to get the flashlight .
 TRIED TO ORDER BUT WOUND UP AS A NO LONGER AVAAILABLE SO I CAN NOT FAIRLY REVIEW ITEM AS I DID NOT GET ONE , BUT DID GET A BETTER ONE AND LOVE IT , SAME BRAND .
 I 've owned this toilet seat for one month today and it already has a place where the seam is coming apart about an inch in length . I would not recommend buying this product .
 This was a big dissapointment , usually makita puts on a good show . But not this time . The tollerance in the plunge mechanism is terrible . It allows the router bit over 1/16 of movement from side to side while plunging the router . I thought there was something wrong with the router I was sent so I asked amazon to replace it , they did and the second one was worse than the first . Then I asked the Makita rep , his response was , '' It must be a knock-off . '' When I asked him to come take a look he declined and advised me to return it . One of the worst tools I have ever bought ...
 I realize that every manufacturer builds one or two lemons , so I ca n't be too harsh on Makita . For the most part , they make great tools . I did n't get a chance to test the router 's cutting ability , however I can say that it is very heavy and I would not use it for too much handheld routing . I still think I would recommend this router for a table mount to someone else based on Makita 's history .
 After spending so much time detailing my Touareg and waxing , I put this fluffball on to shine it up more . Fuzz fuzz everywhere , it was horrible . Tossed it in the garbage unfortunately .
 It 's the worst ever I will never buy anything from this co again . It 's not worth the .60 cents to send it back . It is a rip off .
 I am a professional woodworker - I build pipe organs . The reason I am logged onto Amazon this morning is to buy a new Makita right-angle drill to replace my Hitachi right-angle drill . I originally bought the Hitachi for its one great feature
 The installation sheet consisted of a full page on the various ways to `` kill the circuit '' and then how to attach white wire to white wire , etc. . Nothing about the Halogen bulbs being packed inside the lamps and the need to unscrew the covers in order to unpack and install the bulbs . It would have been a lot easier to unpack and install these Halogen from on the ground . Although 300watt Halogens are listed as included I received 150 watt Halogens ! In the bottom of the shipping box I found two small square transparent rubber caps . These seem to be designed to cover the three position switch located on the back side of the sensor . Having no instructions on how to set-up the timing delay and sensitivity I did an educated guess , shut off the lights and waited for darkness . After dark when the lights were turned on they remained on and after 15 minutes I shut them off . Today I will make adjustments and after dark try again.By the way - switch identities are in very small white print stamped on white . I found it necessary to take the second lamps out into the sun to read this information.Charles Wheelerchasw@optonline.net
 Bottom line
 I am surprised by all the positive reviews of this product . The adjustment stop on mine is slightly out of alignment causing the stop bolt to bind with the adjustment mechanism . Instead of returning for a new unit , I disassembled the stop adjustment knob and filed it down a bit so that the bolt would not rub against the knob . My major complaint is with the rack and pinion adjusting fence which is not parallel . The pinion gear is only on one side of the fence and there is over 1/8 inch play from side to side . I will need to check the fence after every adjustment . Fortunately as a hobbiest , I do n't have to deal with setting the tool up all day long . I am considering returning it for the Dewalt .
 In their continuing effort to snub the doorhanging trade , Makita continues to refuse to reintroduce the 1100b to the 110 volt western market . Some marketing wizards here or in Japan have decided that door hanging is a thing of the past , to be replaced by all prehung installs . this explains the ubiquity of these poorly designed planers on the US market . I 'm sure the 1100b is still made in 220 windings for the japanese market . I 'd just like to say to the genius executives of the power tool industry that I have not gone away . I still make a living hanging big heavy custom doors , fit to exact tolerances and I am not soon going to be relaced by monkees nailing in prehung units . I 'd also like to say that I do n't appreciate your smug , arrogant attitudes . You can run your buisness any way you chose , into the ground apparently .
 I bought this product through Amazon rather than directly from the company because I had never done business with the company before . The lamps arrived very promptly , well packaged and easy easy to assemble . I am very satisfied with the product and would recommend it to others as long as the buyer realizes you can only use a 25 watt bulb . You probably can read by it but it makes an excellent mood/accessory lamp .
 Recently purchased the 2414NB Cut-Off Saw and bought it based on the reviewer from Upland CA -LRB- 1999 -RRB- stating it was made in America . I also went to the Makita web site and felt confident the saw was made in America . It is made in China . Was very disappointed . It is now my understanding there is n't a cut-off saw made in America today so will give this saw a fair try . Hopefully the Makita name will keep it together . Will provide an update in a couple months . Respectfully , Larry Butterfield .
 If you sell the machine , you have to sell the various grinding wheels . I use my tools for a long time , and ca n't afford to buy from an company that does n't care about customer service . I 'm going to buy elsewhere until I can get essential parts for a machine I bought only last year .
 I 've owned mine for about 4 years and am content with the power , performance and price . However , this grinder uses a smaller mounting shaft than the incrementally larger 41/2 '' grinders . I am finding that accessories like wire brushes and such are getting more and more scarce in store shelves . Home Depot , which sells this grinder , did not have any brushes for this tool when I recently visited . If you 're only going to use grinding wheels , you can probably find them easily enough . I believe the small size of this tool also limits the maximum diameter of wheels and brushes . You can certainly save a nickel by getting this one , but unless you are on a super-tight budget , get a 41/2 '' version.One positive on this tool
 This grinder worked fine with a four inch tile blade to make hand cuts on ceramic tile and slate.I used it with a segmented blade to chase a hairline crack on a concrete floor I was preping to tile and it burnt out after about four linear feet.I would not recomend it for anything but light duty use .
 The title says it all . I know my review is a minority opinion with this unit but I was very disappointed . I purchased this sharpener a couple months ago on Amazon . I tried to sharpen my joiner blades for hours with unusable/poor results.For $ 350 it should be dead simple to use and super precise with super accurate repeatability . It is none of that . It is frustrating , slow , messy and primitive.Repeatability with this sharpener is terrible . You will never get the same bevel angle twice , you 're lucky if you can get a consistent bevel across the blade length once . All the adjustment mechanisms are primitive without any stops or detents or feature that would allow someone to quickly set it to achieve the same bevel angle more than once.I own the Veritas Mk II sharpening system for the smaller blades on my chisels and hand planes . The Veritas is exactly what a sharpener should be . Dead simple to use , super accurate with precise graduated bevel angle adjustments and great repeatability . Oh yeah , it is fraction of the price this thing costs.I have an 8 '' Grizzly joiner which is what I purchased this Makita unit for . For now I will purchase new -LRB- razor sharp -RRB- blades from Grizzly at $ 50 a set once a year or so until someone comes up with something that works with longer blades that is equal to the performance the Veritas Mk II delivers on smaller blades.I put this thing up for sale on Amazon -LRB- used/like new -RRB- within 72 hours of unpacking it . I took a $ 75 loss on the turnaround.If you find yourself crawling around on the floor with lights behind the blade running the adjustment screws up/down over and over till your back aches from all the stooping and bending you might ask yourself , as I did , why did I buy this thing ?
 It works fine , but I ca n't locate any other grinding wheels for it . I need a coarser wheel to grind nicks out of chisels , etc. . My bench grinder will do that , but it overheats the steel . The cooling as the whole point of the very pricey wet grinder . What is the use of buying an expensive new machine if you ca n't get the necessary accessories for it ? I 've only had it one year , now the price has dropped -LSB- dramatically -RSB- - perhaps they 're phasing this thing out.I would not recommend buying this . Find a machine which is supported by the dealer and the manufacturer .
 This unit is flimsy and not easy to set up . It 's not easy to set up because the design of this machine is done very cheaply . If your using a course stone you will run out of water very quickly , which is not convenient . Very messy to use too . I did get the unit set up to sharpen some jointer blades and the results were ok . I honestly do n't know much about sharpening and that is why I was hoping this machine would be straight forward to set up , use and get very good results . It 's not . A good quality sharpener for blades and tools must cost a lot more ! If possible , see one in action before you buy it .
 I 've owned this sharpener forseveral years andbought it itmostly tosharpen jointerand planerknives . I addition to the included 1000 grit stone , I ` vepurchsedtheexpensive 4000 grit stone toproduce whatI had hoped theultimatedge.Unfortunately neitherstone is balanced , neitheris round orflat andeven at the slow rotational speed shake , rattleand roll anddespite taking great , time consumingcarein settingup the complicatedbut inaccuratebladeholder the blades failsto makecontinuouscontactwiththestone andresults rangefrom mediocre to poor.I ended up making myown device grinding mybladeson the rim of a 180 grits silicon carbide 7 inchdiameter stone rotatingt 1400 RM , resulting in an excellenthollow groundedge far sharper than the Makita hitandmiss mess . I do polish the back ofthe kblades on thmakita 4000 grit stone , savingtime and labor versushand honing but itisan abusive price to pay fora merchanical strop . thespecial chisel sharpening guide iseven worse andI 've returned to mnual shapening on King wetstones . I haveused the Makita in therestorastion of antiquechisels for the basic grindingaway of tiny rust spots but flatteningand final polishinghas tobe performed on a Kanaban plate and valve grindingcompounds . A machinistI know iswilling to truethestones but ata costof $ 100 each.I passed and am reasobablyhappywith myhome-made device.Oneday , I 'll have aceramic stonemadeforit with a 400 gritorso and sell the Makita to a dreamer willingtospendtheextra moneyto fix what Makitafailed to do.Mysuggestion
 The most obvious and severe flaw , is the steel backing plate on the stone . It rusts . That 's right . It rusts . Even if you do n't use it often , the stone does n't dry out for weeks . And to compound the problem , Makita chose to use a very brittle adhesive to mount the stone to the backing plate . Because the two unlike materials are held together with a non-flexible bond , the adhesive develops fractures which allow water to seep through to the steel . Steel expands up to twelve times in volume , when it oxidizes . This expansion lifts the stone from the wheel , resulting in a wobble that increases over time . Eventually the stone becomes unusable . Makita should consider a one part polyurethane adhesive , such as that used in the marine and automobile industry . When the stone failed on my first 9820-2 , I pried it off of the backing plate and remounted it in a bed of polyurethane caulk . I had no more trouble with that aspect . The spindle/flange assembly which is driven internally and the stone is mounted to externally is steel as well , and corrodes to the point where the threads disintegrate . I fixed this by re-tapping the hole , but threw away the knob because the threads did n't match . This was no great loss because the threads were rusted off as well . Amazing ! No more quick mount . Have a wrench and an assortment of washers on hand to mount the stone . There is in fact , not a single piece of stainless steel used anywhere on the Makita sharpener . Why does n't Makita use stainless steel on something that 's intended to be wet ? I am amazed and perplexed by this lack of common sense in design , every time I walk by an armada of stainless BBQ grills or stainless appliances at my local Home Depot . In addition I purchased the expensive 6000 grit stone , which had a wobble so bad , I could n't see the edge of my carving tools . This is a polishing phase . You do n't need to look for the `` wire edge '' and so I performed this step by feel . I stopped using it all together , when the up and down wobble became impossible to work with . I now use an 8000 grit bench stone to perform this task . I am in the fourth year of using my second sharpener now , and again experiencing all of the above problems . Makita 's earlier models had an issue with the nylon gears not meshing properly , due to the plastic housing impeding moving the motor in its slotted brackets close enough for proper engagement . My first sharpener was just such a model and has afforded me with much knowledge , but my relationship with Makita is souring . Why did I buy another ? It offers a large flat grinding surface , which is invaluable for honing and polishing the backs of chisels and plane blades . It is gear driven as opposed to belt drive , and believe me when you start to hone the back of a plane blade and it starts to `` drag '' , you 'll really appreciate that . I can only attribute the positive reviews it has received , to the duration of use . I 've been using my current unit four years now . If you have any doubts , call Makita 's toll free number and speak with tech support . One star for the status quo . It 's sad , because it could so easily rate a five .
 1 . the battery lasted thru about 25-35 cycles , maybe because i left them charge overnight ??? so now they are wimpier than before , barely holding a cha $ rge ... and now finding a ni-cad replacement battery is proving to be iffy .2 . panasonic went to ni-mh batteries leaving the older users in the lurch , the ni-mh wo n't fit in the drill or charger ; where oh where can the ni-cad 's be -LRB- at a reasonable cost -RRB- .3 . the chuck just does NOT grasp a bit , when under pressure the bit just spins in the jaws .4 . the torque , well where is it , the thing stalls out drilling in steel or thick oak.other than that , such a buy ...
 I bought this rotary hammer for drilling in grout holes for rebar and anchor bolts and some other misc . holes in concrete . It is a very good tool for someone who has a lot of varied tasks but dose n't work the tool everyday . The clutch is a wrist saver , the bits are harder to find than SDS Max and the price is right . But the tool went down in a matter of hours , and given Hitachi 's impossible to locate parts , I 'm shopping for a SDS Max Hilti or Bosch . No tool is a good deal if it shuts your job down .
 Underpowered !! When the machine arrived , we had high hopes given the impressive 3 '' wide blade , but due to the lack of power , the machine has seen very little use in the past year . In our shop , the Hitachi has trouble resawing anything wider than about 6 inches and hard woods like maple and white oak just compound the problem . Feed rates need to be kept very low in order to keep the motor from stalling . Most of our resawing is still done on an old 18 '' Oliver bandsaw which runs rings around this thing . The only impressive thing about the Hitachi is its price . For the money , this tool has been a real dissapointment .
 Saw has terrible performance . Underpowered . 3 '' blade will not track streight and has huge chatter / vibration . Can get better preformance w / other blades , hours of frusteration and patience . Hitachi offers NO support .
 I would recommend against these clamps if you use clamps all the time for woodworking . Reasons
 This sensor worked well for one year . I will try to return it for replacement , 5 year warranty ... . johan
 This product is not compatible with all timers so I 'm stuck with a product that 's collecting dust in the original packagin .
 Had Hunter , which I was very satisfied with it 's functional accessories , however , lasted 14 months -LRB- $ 100 unit -RRB- . Was n't going to spend another $ 100 for Hunter unit when their reliablity is so poor . Selected cheep Toro . Works alright , but little flexability in programing and no rain sensor terminals . Instructions are n't very clear , but , you can figure them out with trial and error . I do n't think there is any manufacturer who makes a reliable sprinkler timer -LRB- read ; no warrantee past one year -RRB- . If they were truly producing a quality product , the warrantee period would be , at least , five times longer . You ca n't buy good , so buy cheap !
 Bought this when it came out from a source other than Amazon . This is one of most poorly put together saws it 's been my displeasure to use , much less own.To begin w / the bevel locking lever and 90 deg . flip stop - when you use them you WILL lose knuckle flesh on these even after you 've wrestled the lever around the dust bag . Everything is sloppy as far as the bevel fuction , part of the purpose for buying this saw ya know ? Just a really bad set of design flaws . Also , 3 different times I 've had a major failure in the table rotating mechanism . Hitachi uses 3 stainless steel `` glides '' -LRB- for lack of the actual part name -RRB- as the areas the table rotates against , tese are super thin guage and have tabs that seat them in the main body that the table rotates on . 3 times , about 2 wks apart one of hese pieces somehow unseated , got caught , jammed and crushed while in the rotating of the table and in order to free the tool up - of course in the field - it took an uncomfortable , and audibly unpleasant amount of force to dislodge the table from it 's position . As a result , the aluminum surfaces on either side were so severly grooved that it would cost more to repair it than to buy another one . This thing I 'm describing is easier to see than to describe but because it 's the entire other primary fuction of a miter saw , it 's just a little important.Beyond that ... as long as you simply want to cut 90 deg , it 's a beautiful unit . Very light , and the start up and accuracy is dead on . JUST DO N'T MOVE ANYTHING!Lastly , the repair service I just recently tried to have fix this thing said that Hitachi lists it as consumer grade . It shows and it 's a shame they 're marketing this piece of junk at the price it sells for.Much as I hate to say it , I think the Delta 's new dual bevel miter is a better more rugged tool .
 I am very glad I bought carbide blades when I bought this unit , since they seem impossible to find now . I have had a notify request in to Amazon/ToolCrib for over a year , never got any information , and they long ago seem to have removed the carbide blade item from the site . This unit NEEDS carbide blades for the planer . Without them , the unit is relatively useless on anything harder than fresh yellow pine . Old wood , ash , oak and the like require carbide or this machine simply folds the edge of the steel knives . while they can be resharpened , they are relatively useless compared to carbide blades . The planer is great , the steel blades are a waste of time .
 If these are the same as the stock blades no thanks . I 'm looking for carbide cutters for the p12ra Hitachi , the 972011 12 '' Planer Blade Set dose not specify . So I guess it is safe to assume they are high speed steel .
 Purchased a pair only received one lamp shade . This was very disappointing . I returned the items and did not reorder .
 OK , far from great . Blade brake never really did work properly and motor burned out in about two weeks of use -LRB- maybe around 10 hours of actual run time -RRB- Plexi blade guard would jam up into the housing and not come back down . When it was running it did good work . Based on above I ca n't recommend it to anyone . In shop now for warranty repair .
 I used it a minute here , a minute there for a total of no more than 20 minutes and the brush terminal wire connection burnt out . I 've owned it for over a year and the warranty is expired . Worked well until then .
 I purchased the Hitatchi C10FC miter saw that did not come with extensions so I ordered these . The holes on the saw do not match the width of these extensions . The holes on the saw are much wider so I am not sure if this was a recent change to this model of saw or these extensions changed . I am still looking for the proper extensions for this saw . As the other reviews said , the extensions SHOULD have been included with this saw .
 Buyer Beware ! When you buy an Hitachi C10FCE saw , do n't buy this extension and expect it to fit ! Otherwise , it will cost you money to return . The hole spread is different . The description says it will fit an Hitachi C10FC saw ... maybe it will fit an older generation but not the C10FCE . This description by Amazon is misleading and should be made clearer so customers can avoid trouble and expense . I 'm not a happy customer !
 I bought this product because the description says it is for a CF10 hitachi saw when I do not agree with my hitachi holes , lost the money does not help me
 The product did not fit on my C10FCH2 Miter Saw with Laser ... the extension wings are not wide enough to fit in the holes . There are no apparent problems with the product other than the fact that I ca n't use it with my saw .
 I gave it 4 stars not because it was faulty , but because it doest fit all disposals . I had a kenmore originally , and it fit perfectly . I had to get a new disposal , a waste king 8000 , and the screen was too big . I filed it and sanded it smooth to get it to fit the new hole . other than it not fitting all disposals , It works perfectly.An update , I just changed it to 1 star , the fins / strainer has cracked in several places , not completely broke in 2 yet but any time soon the center handle is going to break out of it . Its center is too weak , if a pot or glass goes into the drain it puts stress on the strainers center . Apparently its not designed to stay in the drain and pile any dishes in it . Kind of defeats its purpose of keeping stuff from falling in the drain if you cant put anything it the sink anyway.Im currently looking for a better replacement before it breaks all together and my wife grinds up my silverware in my new disposal . save your money .
 This was just what I wanted - a black disposer screen . However , after only a few months the grid started breaking . It 's just not strong enough .
 I bought this because it was the only thing that I could find that would fit the slot of the Hitachi bandsaw . It fails in several regards . First , it is loose in the slot . I would guess there are about 0.04 -LRB- 1/32 -RRB- inches of play between the miter gauge bar and the slot , and there is no adjustment . Second , the pivot on the miter gauge is loose , and there is no way to tighten it . This pivot slop probably adds an additional degree or two of play in the system . I gave this two stars instead of one because for the price I do n't think it is reasonable to expect much more . I only needed it for making very rough cuts , and it is good enough for that . The alternative was to make my own since I was unable to find any other product that would fit the very shallow slot in the table .
 I bought this as my first router several years ago . It worked flawlessly for about a year , but i never used it that much as I was a novice woodworker at the time.As my experience grew and I required more use of this router , I began to have problems . While making some raised panel doors , the router just died . I brought it in to be fixed and was told it would take about a month to look at it . When I got it back I was told the wire disconnected at the switch and I was charged only $ 10 . About the third time using it again , it would begin to stall and die . I would have to shut it off , wait a minute and then start again.I can not afford to bring the router in again and wait another month to have it looked at . I have 2 other routers but i have this one in my router table and do not want to take another one off and on every time I need to use the table . The old saying `` you get what you pay for . '' I have since ordered a 3 1 / 2 hp . Milwaukee and I 'm sure their wo n't be any problems like this .
 Overall , a fine router , except for two problems , one BIG problem and one minor problem . The height adjustment scale was flimsy and VERY poorly designed . Mine was very `` sticky '' and was quite frustrating for me to have to put so much effort into simply adjusting the height . In fact , I could not adjust it AT ALL ! After thumbing through the enclosed literature , I could not find any sort of telephone number to call for technical assistance , so , I was left with no choice but to return the router and am going to give the 31/4 horse Freud a try . It 's a shame that the quality of this part of the router was n't up to the quality of the rest of the router , which was overall , very , very good . If you can get past the height adjustment scale , then you will most likely love this router . One other concern was the overall poor quality and ambiguity of the enclosed directions / literature . I found them to be of very little usage and not clearly written . I 'm rating this 2 stars , -1 star for the directions and -2 stars for the height adjustment scale . The height adjustment scale degrades the overall performance of the router just as a flat tire would to a cadillac .
 FIRST , remember that this is the CHEAPEST large router out here , THEN ask yourself `` why ? '' You get what you pay for . I had this `` working like a dream '' for about a year when setting up for cabinet door work it `` grunted '' and died . Heck , I thought I had popped a breaker , or a `` re-set , '' or a part that could be replaced . WRONG , if THIS router `` grunts '' it fries the speed control module . They charge about $ 80 for the module ! But heck , since I ALREADY have `` modified '' this router to use in my table , I `` try '' to buy the module ... . GOOD LUCK ! After 2 months of dealing with a `` hitachi distributor , '' I finally told them to stick the order and bought a Milwaukee . I `` learned '' a lesson , IF I find anything about half the price of all competitors , I probably should BUY TWO so that I can `` fix '' it when it breaks . I will NEVER buy from Hitachi again , their parts `` support '' is useless .
 I got his router to mount under a table for making doors . Not good for this appilcation at all . Bits are hard to change while base is mounted to table , and it did n't seem to have the power it said it had . Only lasted about 6 mons and then croaked . I replaced it with a Porter Cable . Should have gotten one of those in the first place ...
 I have purchased my MV12 a couple of weeks ago . It is indeed a pretty good deal on a HP / $ ratio basis.I have the following gripes :1 -RRB- It has a 2 piece collet , NOT the spring steel 3 piece self-releasing system DeWalt and other high quality routers tend use . In this price range , I would expect a 3 piece collet . Check any of the router books such as Spielman , and they will tell you that 2 piece is not the best collet system .2 -RRB- There are 2 template mounts that protrude into the router 's well , that effectively prevent you from using large diameter bits -LRB- e.g.
 I boight this router after reading and hearinf some good reviews on it . I 've pwned it for a few months now but only took it out to use in the the last couple of days . I ran some roman ogee bits with 1/2 '' shanks through it and it was perfect . It chewed though the wood flawlwss without loosing speed . It is definitely a good value for money machine if you do n't mind it 's flaws which I describe below.I also like it 's hefty feel and it 's weight makes it stable when I use the router for freehand routing . The soft start feature is also great . I intend to build a router station in the future to house this green beast , but I am holding off until I find an easier way to master the art of changing bits with this time consuming system.I have 2 complaints about it.Firstly , the bit system involves holding a spring loaded sleeve -LRB- which locks the shaft for bit change -RRB- down and tightening the collet with a wrench using your other hand which should be free . I found it so difficult to hold the bit to the correct height -LRB- for some specialty bit -RRB- as well as hold the spring sleeve tightly locked so that the collet can be tightened with another hand.I also own a craftsman router witn 13/4 hp and it has a switch lock which frees one hand to hold down thr router or to adjust router bit height while tightening the collet . I find the craftsman so much easier to change bits.Secondly , the 1/4 '' reducer collet will NOT hold 1/4 '' shank bits down . No matter how hard I tighten the collet , my bits keep slipping out after monor cuts . I was using a dovetail bit with a dovetail jig and the bit just kept sliding further down as I cut ! I had no problems with 1/2 '' shank bits , only 1/4 '' shank bits . Hitachi should do something about redesigning it 's collet reducer to grip better .
 I ordered an M12V , but got an M12V2 because the router I ordered is discontinued -LRB- even though there was no mention of it anywhere -RRB- . Amazon/Contractors Tools/Hitachi felt that substituting a $ 197 router for the $ 324 router I paid for was OK . Luckily , I was able to find an M12V router locally . I highly recommend one if you can find it . The M12V2 is more plastic and less ruggedly built , but the price is proportional , so it may not be a bad deal . I am now dealing with the mess of getting an RMA from the manufacturer because they shipped me something I did n't order . The router I received is n't actually shown on Contractors Tools ' website , and now the image for the M12V router has been replaced by some combo kit , not the actual router image shown when I ordered it . I seriously looked at a Bosch 1619evs instead .
 This router was a huge disapointment . The depth adjustment was sloppy . The speed control is recessed too far in the housing and required a tool -LRB- screwdriver or dowel rod -RRB- to effect any speed change . It was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers . My son tried it and he too could n't change the speed without an assist . I did like the heft of the machine . It felt rather stable in my hands -LRB- heavy though . -RRB- I sent it back , as I think that the speed control is either poorly designed or defective . All in all , not very good .
 I bought this Hitachi M12V a couple of years ago with the intention of mounting in in a table set up . I used it a time or two freehand and it was okay except the height adjustment was stiff.Finally got around to table mounting the thing this weekend and I ran into problems immediately . The fine adjustment knob that came with the machine was broken right out of the box . The overall height adjustment is somewhere between impossible and unusable.A ball peen hammer is not my idea of an adjustment tool.Machine is worthless if you ca n't set it up like you need it.Sorry Hitachi , you had a chance , and it also cost you a sale on a high end miter saw.Anybody have Makita 's phone number ?
 I looked at this router and bought a Makita . The Hitachi is made in Malasyia , and looked cheap compared with the Makita , which is made in the USA . I have hade such poor luck with other tools -LRB- a Bosch drill -RRB- made in Malasyia , that I could not see getting it . If you think you are saving $ 40 getting the Hitachi , you are right , and you are also getting a router worth $ 40 less than a Makita .
 Although these blade guards were n't terribly difficult to install , it bothers me that they are sold and shipped without any instructions , cautions , diagrams , etc. . This seems like a huge liability issue the first time someone gets hurt after installing these incorrectly . I recommend against anyone trying to install these unless you are absolutely sure how the work , and preferably have another saw to look at as a guide .
 If you are purchasing this item because you want micro adjustment , save your cash . This knob is threaded onto a coarse threaded rod . In my world , the word micro means ` very small ' . A fine threaded rod would have been better here . In my review of the router itself I mention this as well . Replace the threaded rod with a fine threaded rod . Buy a couple of nuts to fit it and a knurled knob . Bam ... in comparison this would be a micro adjustment knob . Also , if you are using any taller bits , the micro adjustment knob has to be backed of so far that it comes off the top of the threaded rod . Where is the micro adjustment in this . For those of you using this a router for your table ... I can imagine that a nut attached to a small fly handle would be better ... faster adjusting any way . Of course you still have the coarse threaded rod to make those super fine adjustments .
 I purchased this item , when it was offerd at the time I purchased my Hitachi M 12V , and spent an additional $ 25.00 plus shipping and handeling on it . Today I received my new router and found a very similar `` Fine Adjustment Knob '' in the box with the other attachments provided . I wish Amazon would not have suggested / offered this item seperatly , when it was already included in the package I was purchasing .
 This product does not fit my router , although I was led to believe it would by the product description . It has no value to me .
 Rip guide bent during first use when tightening the screw . It also does n't fit properly in my C7SB2 case where it should . Hard to recommend ... . be gentle with it !
 This is not needed , if your cutting a bunch of boards , then use a board for a guide . I never took itout of the package and kicked myself for ordering it . Hitachi power tools are well made though , this isjust not needed .
 I bought the Circular Rip Saw Fence do that I could accurately work with 4x8 sheets of plywood . The fence is only useful for cuts that are 12 '' or less .
 I ordered two of these 45-watt MINI bulbs and instead received two GIANT 150-watt bulbs . I returned them , and the replacement order was the same two incorrect bulbs ! In the time I have wasted repeatedly ordering from people who are either illiterate or incompetent I could have easily driven to a hardware store . So much for the convenience of online ordering . Amazon will eventually regret their nonexistent quality control .
 I purchased and received this item a couple of weeks ago . The internal packaging was very light and the clamp had a dent on one side . I returned it for replacement . The replacement arrived without any internal packaging . The clamp was moving freely inside the box and had fallen into pieces . Yesterday I returned it again this time for reimbursement . My one star rating is due exclusively to the packaging because I did not have the chance to use the clamp . I have been purchasing a wide variety of items from Amazon over a good number of years . This is the first time that I have a problem like this .
 It was suppose to be clamp and cut !!! but , it has a poor design and is nowhere near doing the job right . I returned it.Gator Clamps 410-50 50-Inch Clamp N Cut Multi-Purpose Woodworking Tool
 The saw is a good saw but is very limited . It only bevels in one direction and it can not cut most trim standing upright . If there is any way i could return it for another saw , mabey even an upgrade i would really appreciate it .
 I owned this saw for 1 year , when the wires shorted out and caught fire in a brand new house I was working in . I went and bought a 12 '' DeWalt slider and never regreted it . The Hatachi has too small of a fence , you ca n't cut crown mold standing up , you ca n't cut tall base broads standing up . The cut depth is also too small the tallest you can cut 4 '' . I do not recommend this tool !
 I have been trying to get the Slide Fence Assembly for nearly a year now and no luck . I just talked to Hitachi and they say they have a problem but it is still backordered . I am not impressed with this sort of service . Even an outstanding tool with lousy service is not a good thing .
 I 've waited about six months before I wrote this review and I 've put the saw through some work . The adage `` you get what pay for '' is remarkably true for this product . I purchased this at when Hitachi had a special for under three hundred . I also got a router . At the time I thought it was a good deal . Now I realize this will not be my final shop mitre saw . That says alot does n't it.The problem-this saw can not cut a 4x4 without flipping . Without modification this saw can not cut a 4x4 at all . In order to cut a 4x4 I had to permanantly take off the blade guard and bend the blade guard holder back -LRB- it is held to the body of the saw by a small easily stripped phillips screw . If this saw could cut a 4x4 in one pass I would give it five stars because in others respects it really is solid .
 Both sets of these that I 've received have been dull and chipped up . The square chisels were okay but the bits looked like someone tried to go through hardened steel with them.Everything appeared to be packed very safely with the chisels all individually wrapped , so it would seem that bits were put in the box dull to begin with . Or improperly manufactured.For this price , I would expect much better quality control . This is a major disappointment and these will have to be returned .
 Does it work ? Yes . Is it easy to install ? Not really . Some of the screw holes had to be re-tapped as the screws provided were n't self-tapping . Luckly I had a set of metric taps to match the screws provided . Is it worth the price ? It was to me because I was tired of the dust and chips and did n't have time or inclination to rig something up . If you need the attachment , you need it . I am quite sure Jet and Amazon are making their profits on this one .
 I recived my order in a timely manner . The extensions do not fit my saw . Total disappointment . Cheap enough that I did not go through hassel of returning them .3 .
 I have a Ridgid 14 '' bandsaw , and while putting this fence on the saw was no big deal -LRB- went on pretty easily , altho I did have to shim out the rails -RRB- , the clamping pad on the fence itself fell off after just a few weeks.I 'm talking about the little piece of plastic that was POORLY glued on the clamp of the fence itself . It fell off repeatedly , even after I glued it back on repeatedly with Gorilla Glue , hot glue , epoxy , Superglue , you name it , I tried it.I finally gave up and got the Rockler bandsaw table and fence combo . Now I have a much bigger table and a fence that locks down securely in a T track with no wobble , not to mention a circle cutting guide and a resaw fence.Don ' t waste your money , go straight for the Rockler table and fence system .
 Talk about deceptive advertising ! The picture of this product shows both fences . Only the rip fence and resaw guide comes with this product . Bummer ! You would at least tell a person that the other guide is not included .
 I bought this fence thinking it would fit my 14 '' Jet band saw , since the description said it would fit most . Unfortunately , when I started to install I quickly found out that it would not . My band saw , as I found out later , is a bit too old -LRB- around 8-10 years -RRB- for this fence . There is was no guidance available to make it fit my table either . Basically the engineers at Jet said it was incompatible . It would have been nice to know that before I made the purchase .
 Setting up the rails was easy then it came to assembling the fence . That was also easy . Getting it straight and true was another issue . Not my idea of a good fence . Having to tighten down then check then redo the assembly screws to get it straight is not what i consider quality . Very good saw though . Maybe Jet should stick to that .
 I 've owned one for 6 months and have only been able to use it a half dozen times , since one gear broke on me twice and the first repair job took seven weeks , due to Jet not shipping a part to the shop . It wo n't stand up to demanding jobs and support has been less than satisfying .
 I have n't used mine to cut molding yet , but the machine is under powered for rough cut lumber . If you just have a board or two to thickness plane it is functional , but for big jobs forget it .
 I purchased a JPM 13 and when I tried to get parts for it they told us that we could buy the planer but they did not carry parts for it . I hope you post this because I am disappointed that you cant buy parts for it even though you still sell it . James
 The rear wheels are cheap , fairly small and do n't turn very well . The plastic knobs to lock the rear wheels are also cheap , a bit hard to turn , and will probably wear out soon . The front wheel 's caster hardware is also flimsy and 2 of the 4 carriage bolts broke off during assembly while I was tightening them.Keep in mind that this is a tricycle design . As such it teeters a little so be careful not to apply too much horizontal force . Also , the front wheel is a caster type roller and even though you can keep it from rolling , you ca n't prevent it from twisting.This base is only worth half the price being asked for it and I recommend it only if you can not find an alternative .
 I ca n't believe this is made in the U.S.A. . When I opened the box and started removing the parts both the 1/4 '' studs on the bracket that holds the floor lock to the frame fell off . I had to drill through the frame and put in bolts . The lock down bolt that is supposed to hold the bracket to the frame is a joke , it kept sliding off the frame when I tried to tighten it . I had to drill a hole for it to go in to hold it in place . The axle bolts for the back wheels would not go through the holes for them so I had to re-drill these holes . The whole thing is very cheaply made of sheet metal and plastic . It said on the box `` Made in USA '' but I have seen better made `` JUNK '' come from China .
 The picture , product description and even one of the customer reviews indicate that these knives are double sided . That is why I chose them.The knives that I recieved are single sided . Customer support apologized and offered to take them back . I run a cabinet shop and needed to use them asap though . I kept them and they gave me a $ 15.00 credit . There is nothing wrong with them although the Grizzly knives for less than half the money would seem to be a better value for single sided knives .
 Features :15 - inch planer knivesHigh speed steelDouble insulated for shock protectionElectric brake and bevel lockWow , double insulated with electric brake and bevel lock ! What a major advance in planer knives . All my life I have been using non-insulated knives with no electric brake or bevel lock . It is a wonder that I have all my eyes and both my fingers !
 I bought this item . I returned it the first time because the shipping insulation did not protect the dust collector from damage . There was minor damage on the second compressor but I was able to assemble it only to discover that the fan in the housing rubbed the motor creating a winning noise . Jet was willing to ship a new fan or provide a list of warranty repair vendors . I decided to ship it back -LSB- ... -RSB- . Yes , even with the friction rubbing against the motor it had power . No , it 's not mobile . The wheels on the base restrict the compressors movement . Before you buy checkout the Delta Shop Master Model AP400 .
 I bought mine 10/17/03 and have used it at the most 30 minutes because it has very little suction . When I contacted the JET TOOL DOCTOR for help on 09/29/04 , was told that they were not designed to pick up the small dust produced by my table sander -LSB- really ? -RSB- . I have replaced it with a 30 year old CRAFTMANS shop vac that works much better , so for now it is the most useless tool in my shop including the broken hand sanders .
 I bought one of these for my jet saw -LRB- JTAS-10XL -RRB- and it was too big - Only .015 '' wider than the opening - but wider is wider . It is .03 '' wider than the original throat plate , which fits perfectly .
 Just out of warranty I took this 3hp motor to the repair shop . It kept tripping the breaker . He said he never experienced so much saw dust inside a motor in his life . Packed in tight . This is ` NOT ' A Totally Enclosed Fan Cooled motor . It has a space between the wiring connection box at the ground wire that draws saw dust in . The claims that this is TEFC are false to the point of deceptive . I am so disappointed in the import choices we have been forced to except as the industry standard . Powermatic , Jet , Delta all made to substandard . The NEMA designation that states the mounting plate is not available for these motors because they do n't conform to NEMA standards , so the motors are proprietary and must be replaced with the same import quality substandard trash . We manufactured a adapter plate and I am saying good-by to the import knock offs and hope to see some accountability from once trusted names in the machine industry once again . My faith in the industry is nonexistent and I strongly encourage you to be careful at what you buy .
 The saw cuts very well when the fence is functional . The locking mechanism on my fence is comming loose so that it wo n't hold its position well . I , therefore , called Jet Tools to order a new fence . I was met with unbelievable resistance . The person I talked to was extremely unhelpful and rude . I told him my problem and he told me that he can not find me a fence that will match my saw despite giving him the stock and serial numbers and the specific type of saw I own . I even offered to take the fence to the distribution center in LeVergne , TN to show him -LRB- I live about 15 minutes away from it -RRB- . He told me that this will be unhelpful . Therefore , I am left with a saw with a broken fence with no one to help me get a new one . Otherwise , the saw is great .
 I have a 3hp Jet table saw that went up in flames last week . Well at least the motor did.Keep in mind that I have NEVER touched the motor on this saw.I was working on the table saw and smelled something very nasty . It was not wood or even a hot wire . It turned out to be the run capacitor on the motor over heating and burning upThe next day I pulled the motor out -LRB- not an easy chore as the motor weights over 70 pounds -RRB- . When I got the motor off its mounting plate and outside the table saw cabinet , I pulled the cover of the outer enclosure where the power wire from the magnetic switch connects to the motor . The inside was PACKED with dust . `` Where 's the gasket ? '' I asked myself . Not good.So I put the motor on the bench and removed the metal covers from the capacitors . One is the run capacitor ; the other is the start capacitor . Once again , both of these covers were packed with dust . There are 2 wires running from each cap to the inside of the motor through a hole and I could see dust inside the motor . Not good . A TEFC -LRB- totally enclosed fan cooled -RRB- motor - right ? Well Jet should call theirs a BEFC -LRB- barely enclosed fan cooled -RRB- motor.Anyway , the run cap was totally melted down so I took the motor to a local repair technician that spent 2 hours talking to me and diagnosing the motor . He hooked up a new run cap and bench tested it first . Everything sounded fine but a squeal started emitting from inside of the motor . So he pulled the motor apart only to find the inside full of wood dust . The wood entered through the holes in the case where the cap wires pass through . Then HE said `` Not good '' . The windings were discolored . They began to overheat causing more resistance in the windings causing the run cap to overheat causing the cap to catch fire.He told me run caps hardly ever go bad and that the dust entering the windings were the cause . But he went on to say that the lack of rubber gaskets on the covers was the root cause . Clearly Jet 's fault . So I e-mail Jet with my explanation and their response was : `` THE WARRANTY IS OUT ON YOUR MACHINE `` This was their entire response . And in all CAPS to boot!Now here 's the kicker . I am forced to buy a replacement motor from Jet . I wanted to buy a Baldor or Leeson motor . Even a Dayton would be better AND cheaper . But no . Electric motors follow national specifications published by NEMA . NEMA specifies the dimensional characteristics of the mounting plate , shaft diameter , and distance from the mounting plate to the center of the shaft . All critical for a given application , but not with Jet . This motor has all NEMA 56 specs EXCEPT the shaft diameter.My recommendation : If you are considering buying a Jet product , check for these gaskets .
 the motor is junk . less than three years with light use , two run capacitors it funally quit working . no other motor fits . Ok I will buy one from jet what other choice do I have . The next problem is a new motor is 6 weeks on back order . Must be going through a lot of them . I cant wait to much business will be lost . so i took the leeson motor off my planer made an adapter plate at the local welding shop and reamed the pulley to fit the leeson motor . LASTJET TOOL I OR ANY ONE I KNOW WILL EVER BUY
 I 'm a professional carpenter/cabinet builder working in the field for over 20 years . I 've used every kind of table saw out there
 I 'm afraid I have to agree with one of the other posts regarding poor warranty service . I purchased a the left tilt saw -LRB- along with an 18 '' bandsaw and dust collector -RRB- in November of 2004 and for almost 2 of the last 5 months it has been inoperable . Initially I phoned tech support to report that the motor stopped and they speculated that it was a problem with the start capacitor . They sent a new one and I installed it but the motor still did not work . At their instruction I did some diassembly and determined that the windings of the motor were charred black so they said they would send me a new motor , however it would n't be available for more then a month . I phoned back the following day and asked if they could send a motor from a display model , new or used . The fellow I spoke to said he would `` see what he could do '' and call me back that day . He never called . When the motor finally became available I was assured that it would be shipped by 3 day air since it had been so long . It was n't shipped as promised . I called only to find it out that it went by standard ground transportation . When it arrived I opened the box only to find that the 60 + pound motor had about a 1/2 of an inch of packing underneath it and consequently the fan housing was smashed into the fan and the mounting plate was bent . Futhermore they sent the wrong motor . I have a left tilt saw ; they sent a right tilt motor , even though I provided the model number and the original motor tag -LRB- along with a special form they required -RRB- . I phoned again , spoke to the same person and was told she would overnight a new motor . It 's been 5 days and I 'm still waiting . Obviously I 'm a bit frustrated at this point hence the reason for my first ever product review . It may well be that the product is as good as any other companies but in reality it is only as good as the company that stands behind it and right now they 're not very impressive . If you 're going to be relying on this saw for your business I would recommend looking into another brand .
 After owning a Jet cabinet saw I purchased this in May 2006 . The speed limit switch broke in 11/2006 and once again in 1/07 . The last time I was told that I was receiving a new motor . This has yet to happen . Jet 's customer service is horrible . The Tech I spoke with lied about his extension number . I tried him back today and you are put into the main wait lobby . After I finally go through -LRB- 17 minutes -RRB- I was hung up on . Every additional call yielded this number did not connect.This has cost me any savings I could have made by purchasing from Amazon . I am in the process of purchasing another saw because this one is a lemon . I will be forced to purchase a replacement from a local vendor charging an absolute premium after Hurricane Katrina . I will not be purchasing a Jet or Powermatic . This is a shame because the first Jet saw and a previous Powermatic were graet machines . I just have a feeling that this will be a long term relationship that I do not want to be involved in.This saw has gone out at the worst possible time . We are dead in the water without a saw operational.Unless you are the type of person that enjoys abuse , DO NOT PURCAHSE THIS SAW !
 This mortising attachment was purchased for use with the Jet JDP 17MF drill press . The first project was making 3/4 inch mortises in hard maple . The drill press set ring replacement in the mortising attachment would not remain in place under the pressure needed to attempt the mortises in hard maple . This product may work on soft woods or with smaller sized mortise chisel/bits but do n't try large cuts in hard woods.The fence that comes with the attachment is not compatible with the Jet Drill Press Fence -LRB- 709109 -RRB- . Quick modifications can be made so that the `` hold-down '' part of the attachment will attach to the fence , but when extracting the chisel/bit with hard wood , there is enough upward pressure to pull the t-tracks up away from the fence table.After having tightened the set ring replacement as much as possible and still not having it hold , it may be tempting to over tighten the regular set ring when you remove the attachment to use the drill press in its standard form . CAREFULL . The set ring can crack and break if overly tightened.A real disappoointment .
 Does not fit my JDP-15M . Not happy at all . Not sure what I 'm going to do . Looks like I 'll have to spend the money on a dedicated mortiser .
 Same kind performance as others but over priced ! Try out Freud and the kind from Global Tools at half or less than half of the price . Can you tell the difference ?
 These have a sort of lamination where you only have good steel at the very point but the body is made of lesser steel.My saw sharpener ordered me solid steel blades at about half the cost which , to date , have been holding an edge better than these blades .
 I used less than 3 weeks and do n't think I used it much.Blades are already dull and chip out the surface , so can not make joining surface . If it costs less than $ 20 , I may say ok . But it 's way over priced .
 If I had read one of the other reviews more carefully , I would n't have been DUMBFOUNDED to discover that the leveling screws were not included with the insert !!! Does Jet expect the user to remove the screws from the saw insert each time dado blades are used and then return them back to the saw insert when done ? Unbelievable !
 I read all the reviews at Amazon.com on this item and still did not believe that the HTC mobile base could be as bad as some folks say it is . After receiving it , I can say that the reviews were right . Without leveling bolts , the base is useless and the wheel lock-downs are made of cheep materials . The base can be unstable on uneven floors . I stood on the center rail that holds the extended table and my 155 Lb weigth caused the base to sag . This was before the saw was placed on it . HTC said I have 30 days to return it with no questions asked . I would except that I invested -LSB- money -RSB- and two days to beef it up and put levelers on the thing ...
 I WAS DISSAPOINTED IN HOW ACCESSABLE THE LOCK WAS ON SWIVEL WHEEL AND HOW SECURE IT LOCKED . VERY HARD TO USE
 I purchased the mobile base with Jet table saw and also found that when the saw was initially placed on the base -LRB- before adding the fence rails and extension table -RRB- the base bowed toward the floor in the middle ; in fact the bottom of the saw was a good half inch lower toward the center of the base than toward the outside of it . The base ulitmately relies on the rigidity of the fence rails and extension table in order to keep it straight/level . I also found that this made it difficult to line up the extension table with the cast iron top during assembly . As another reviewer noted , the base would also be more useful if it had some sort of jack screws to allow it to be leveled when not in rolling mode . I purchased two heavy duty toggle clamps and mounted them to the base so that they push against the floor when the base is parked . For the price of this base , I would have expected more.The design of the Delta mobile base seems to be more solid ; it has two rails between the saw and the end of the extension table rather than one -LRB- more strength and less bowing -RRB- , and it does have leveling screws incorporated into its design . If I could easily lift the saw and place it on a Delta base , I would be tempted to do so .
 I wish I had read the reviews on Amazon before purchasing this item . One of the holes for the brake lock screws was not completely tapped . The hardware for the extension wing was not included . The unit flexes when moved.I tapped the hole myself , bought some nuts and bolts , and made it work . However , I wish I had purchased the Shop Fox portable base instead . I saw one under the same table saw a few days ago at a Woodcraft store and it appeared to be of much higher quality .
 I recently purchased this base to move my new Jet cabinet saw in and out of my small work shop and onto the deck in front . There is a small drop -LRB- 1/2 '' -RRB- from one floor to the other . This method of base construction will not allow the saw to make this type of transition . For me that was a big negative . The base is of no use . Also , the base arrived with one of the two taped holes for the wheel locks left blank . Any minimal quality check would have spotted this . When I called HTC they said to tap the hole myself . For what I paid for this base I could have made my own much better . The only good thing I can say is it 's sturdy and the finish is good . I guess I 'll try to sell it . Look carefully before buyung this base .
 I ordered this base thinking that it was every thing in the picture except the lathe it self . When it came in all that it was is the very bottom part that has the wheels . The part that the lathe bolts to is not included . You have to have your own stand that sits in the very bottom part that is in the picture . If you do n't have a stand for it to fit in then it wo n't work . The stand that comes with the lathe wo n't even bolt to the bottom mobil part with out drilling your own holes . They should show the bottom part of the base that you get by itself in the picture . It is not worth the price . I will send it back .
 Have been using the Jet JWL-1236 for about 8 months now . The first thing you should do is throw the base away and build one with substance . Might be satisfactory for turning spindles but not for anything with any kind of mass unless you secure it to the floor . I do a lot of bowl turning and anything you might have to turn outboard is a joke , especially with the equipment that is furnished with the lathe . Unless you have the capability to ensure something is pretty well balanced do n't try to turn it outboard . One problem is that the lathe speed is still too fast even at its lowest setting and the ON/OFF switch is in the wrong place if you have to get to it in a hurry . If you are truly interested in turning bowls of any size save your money and buy something a little more substantial in size and has a true variable speed capability .
 I purchased a Delta mortiser first . It 's fence was all crooked . So I returned it and bought the jet . The Jet 's motor sounded like the bearings were going out and the frame was considerablely flimsier than the Delta . When I attempted to make 3/8 '' mortise in maple , the head of the Jet mortiser flexed about 1/8 '' . I 'm returning the Jet , and I 'm going to order the Powermatic .
 I have this exact machine and it is up to Jet 's standards for being solid and decent quality -LRB- I also have a Jet 14 '' Bandsaw -RRB- . It is square , sharp , and quiet out of the box and very easy to set up.Unfortunately , in the past 3-4 years , Jet has not changed the design or features on this machine . My pet peeves are that the fence is too low -LRB- although it has holes for attaching your own wood fence -RRB- the hold down can not come below the fence since it is attached to the top of the fence , and finally the bottom surface of the hold down is not machined so it wo n't hold your material down flat.Delta , on the other hand , has completely upgraded their benchtop mortiser and priced it aggressively -LRB- it was cheaper than the Jet , as is also the case here on Amazon as of this review -RRB- . I saw them side by side over the weekend at a local retailer and spent some time comparing.Access to change bits on the Jet is adequate while it is much easier on the Delta -LRB- one large access door vs 2 smaller doors on the Jet -RRB- The Delta has a rack and pinion on their taller fence while the hold down goes much lower since the fence is cleared out for it . Wider heavier base . Two separate locking knobs for the fence . Nicer handle . On tool storage of extra bits . Nicer quick-knob for hold down adjustment -LRB- long lever with adjustable stops for easier , faster locking -RRB- If the Jet were priced a good third lower than the Delta , I might be inclined to give it three or * maybe * even four stars since I have had good experience with mine.If this review helps or if you have any questions or comments , please let me know .
 I just received the Jet Mortise machine yesterday . Took it out of the box , assembled it and plugged it in . At first it would n't do anything thing but hum a little . I turned the chuck a little , then turned it back on . It made a horrible grinding sound . Closer inspection revealed the fan on the top of the motor was grinding against the housing . Further inspection of the machine showed the bolt holes in the base were not taped square . These bolt holes attach the column to the base . I 'm skeptical how square the machine would cut if the manufacturer can not machine square bolt holes . This is my first Jet tool and it will be my last . I just ordered a Powermatic to replace this junk .
 Sorry to say that this was the highest rated bench top unit I ever heard about , and it really was just a toy . If you really want a quality machine , stick with the large freestanding units . Hold down and fence are sloppy -LRB- typical SE Asian machine -RRB- , and the unit is quite underpowered . Great leverage from the handle , and you 'll need it to jump over that first defective tooth -LRB- after that , it 's pretty smooth -RRB- . If you have one of those drill press type mortise attachments , stick with it until you can afford or justify the big machine ... skip over this intermediate step . Who uses mortises anyway ? Get yourself a good plate jointer -LRB- biscuits -RRB- instead .
 I bought the JBM-5 and expected to not have to work at mortises again . Not true . Every new piece of wood means tinkering with the fence -LRB- which is n't necessarily square to the bit -RRB- , the chisel -LRB- which will cut your fingers and wo n't stay in it 's chuck -RRB- and the depth stop . The fence is too short and chips inevitably fall down between the wood and the fence , forcing the piece out of square . Adding an auxillary fence to wo n't work because the hold-down reaches over it so it can never be higher than the workpiece . The machine is also under powered and it takes quite a lot of practice to match the insertion speed to prevent binding and burning but still progress through the cut . Also , the cylinder provided to `` assist in raising the head '' is worthless and pops off if you pull too hard in either direction . Then bed is way too short and the racket it makes after your first cut -LRB- bit rubbing or chisel maybe -RRB- is devastating . All the adjustable pieces are held together with set screws that work loose constantly . This wo n't save me nearly as much time as I thought , but at least does n't tie up the drill press with mortising attachments . You should also invest is a larger chisel . The `` free '' 1/2 '' is fine for small jobs , but any good sized project tends to need larger ones and the adjustments to make larger mortises with the 1/2 '' chisel is not worth it .
 This is not typical Jet equipment , I have a Jet table saw , lathe and band saw , they are impressive tools . I should have read the small print with the mortiser . the throat is just enough to mortise a 2X4 , in hard wood the motor jams because of wood chips , the chuck is too small 5/8ths would have been a better choice and hard to access . I did keep the machine and added a spacer for wider stock . It does work better than my drill press but not much.Rich
 The tank has started leaking -LRB- not the fittings -RRB- after approx . 3-4 years , assume it is corroded , definitely NOT the quality you should get for such an expensive product . -LRB- and the first unit I bought was defective , the technician they sent out had to replace it -RRB- .
 Bought a new house with this hot water dispenser pre-installed . After about a year the plastic nub that one of the tubes connected to for removing steam broke off the plastic tank and caused hot water to spill out over the top of tank . Not happy with the quality of unit and will look for different brand that does not use cheap plastic materials .
 The 1st was replaced under wanrranty , the 2nd was just out of warrantee . The 3rd was again just out of warrantee and the design changed for the pumbing which made the 4th unit difficult to install . The 4th unit is now leaking !! What is wrong with this company?The worst part of this is the mess it makes under the counter . I typically do not go looking for a leak under the sink , so when I do find it , it has already made a mess and water soaked the cabinet wood.I quick , there must be another manufacture worth trying !!!!!!
 I have ownded this item for 4 years . My parents had a similar device , though a different brand , and we fell in love with it . I bought this one hoping for the same quality , but was disappointed . While the tank and fittings have been fine , we have had trouble with the turn knob from the date of purchase . It does n't sit tightly on the unit , spins freely without turning on the water sometime , and just has a cheap look and feel to it . Even when it does work , I just do n't like the design . Since it is somewhat loose , you ca n't really predict which way to turn it to get the maximum water flow , and you have to play with it back and forth to finally get it going . I ca n't recommend this product , and would suggest you get a different brand .
 This is my third instant water heater . the first InSinkErator one came with the house and had a copper tank . It gave way after a few years at the seams -LRB- not sure how old it was -RRB- . The second one had a plastic tank and may have lasted but it had to be replaced when I put in granite counter tops - they made the faucet threads too short to fit in granite . The third one has a stainless steel tank so I thought it would last . It failed after 2.5 years . It leaks at the gasket between the top and bottom halves of the tank -LRB- looks like there may be an o ring in there -RRB- . Wow - I am not pleased . I love instant hot water and you will too - but look for another brand .
 I bought this unit and recently installed it . It did n't work at all . I called Insinkerator and after a lengthy conversation was finally told that they would send me a new tank via FedEx . It is 14 days later and no tank . Today 's phone call with people who speak marginal English revealed that there is no tracking number which means the unit has n't been shipped . The CSR said that she could get me an answer in 72 hours . I demanded to speak to a supervisor who explained that maybe the reason the tank has n't been shipped is because there is n't one available to ship . Apparently , Emerson , the parent company ca n't afford to keep spare parts on hand . The supervisor told me that he would send an email and find out today when I could get a tracking number . I am not at all hopeful . Emerson and Insinkerator give a new meaning to the phrase `` drop shipping . '' Once they drop it at your door , they are gone.The CSR did offer to have a `` local repair source '' come to the house and fix the unit , but I would have to pay the full costs for that service . Service ??? Emerson does n't know the meaning of the word ... well ... at least in the appliance sales context . Unless you want to enjoy endless aggravation without any tangible benefit from your investment , do n't buy this or any other Insinkerator product .
 Unit worked great for approx 18 years , at least we thought , then noticed that the entire cabinet was destroyed . Apparently , this unit had been leaking for a very long time , horrible rust everywhere , destroyed the cabinet and all the appliances next to it . Everything was rusted out due to this leak . Will have to replace more than this unit !!! So do beware , we are going to order another one , however , after replacing the cabinet , we are going to keep a GREAT eye on it . Hate to switch to another one at this point , as everything is already wired in for this unit and the sink is also set up for this unit . Would n't chose it , if I did n't have a choice . You probably have the choice ! Look elsewhere !
 If you have very nice cabinets , you wo n't want to ruin them with this product , the concept is nice but this product leaks after a short time . You spent $ 15,000 on cabinets and ruin them with this piece of junk you might want to reconsider the purchase . Insinkerator H770ss .
 This is our 2nd unit in six years . Both Model 770s , and both suffered from the same problem . They leak internally and cause it to rust out . The last one laster 3.3 years . And they change the internal working , so you just ca n't take the old one out and replace it . The price has gone up $ 45 dollars in three years . What cost us $ 152 three years ago , now cost $ 199 at Home Depot . Do n't waste your money . When it was working properly it was great . The rust and the pooling water under the sink is not worth it . I should have learned after the first one went TU .
 We purchased one in 2006 and had it professionally installed by a plumber we often use . It 's never worked that well . When it cycles to heat water , it leaks out the spigot . I turned down the heat setting and that solved some of it , but not all . And , of course , the lower temperature means that `` near boiling '' is n't even close . Now , four years after we installed it , the case is leaking and the unit needs to be replaced . Our plumber tells us that this is typical for these units , and he replaces InSinkErator instant hot water dispensers all the time . Even with a warranty , we plan to scrap it and buy something better -- anything except from this manufacturer .
 Although I loved the convenience of having boiling water at my fingertips , several of these insinkerators have not lasted very long . 2 were replaced under warranty , the third was too expensive to fix , so I replaced it . I decided to buy the top of the line , and it did n't last any longer . Insinkerator replaced the tank at a cost that floored me -LRB- service man told me AFTER he replaced the tank that he was going to replace it and how much it would cost -RRB- Within months , it went again , but they insisted it was the tap , which would have costed another $ 300.00 to replace . Now , I could have bought a whole new Insinkerator for the price of replacing the tank , and months later , they want another $ 300.00 for the tap ! Now I boil water in my kettle .
 After going through five ISE heaters in ten years I went to what appears to be a far superior waste king unit . The ISE ruined cabinets , nearly started fires , popped breakers , and and all leaked like seives after little time . Dozens of notes to ISE basically said I was stupid to think a unit should last over a year or two and offered no help whatsoever . All I can say is that a once great american brand is no more
 I have had two InSinkErator Instant Hot Water Dispensers fail in the past two years . The unit starts leaking from the bottom after about 11 months of use . The unit is poorly designed . I keep the unit at about 150 degrees , far less than the maximum setting . Inside the unit , there is a clear plastic tube about 2 to 3 inches in length that connects the tank to the dispenser tap . Over a very short period of time the plastic tubing becomes brittle from the heat and cracks , thus causing the unit to leak from the bottom of the plastic enclosure holding the stainless tank and heating element . The tubing costs less than 25 cents which causes this $ 200 unit to fail . The leak has caused extensive water damage underneath the sink before I detected the leak . Until the manufacturer makes a design change , these units will not be dependable . You are better off capping the hole in the sink and heating water in a microwave and save your $ 200 .
 I purchased an InsinkErator 770 seven years ago . I have only used the unit a few times a month since purchasing it . The unit began leaking water into the GFI outlet and blew it up , it continued to leak and seeped water under my hardwood floor ruining it too . I am now in the process of getting my hardwood floor repaired and do n't think I will be replacing the InSinkErator with the same brand ... After reading so many similiar reviews I would select another brand so I wo n't have an experience like this again .
 I have had 3 Insinkerator hot water dispensers . This last one I had lasted maybe two years . It only gets used 3-4 times a week at the most . I could dig out the warranty information and get a replacement since it has a 3 year warranty but I 'm choosing not to replace it . When these break down they leak under the sink . Everything gets wet . If you have one , be sure to keep items that can be damaged by water in some sort of plastic bin or bag to prevent them from getting ruined when your unit goes out . As others have mentioned , every time I 've replaced my unit in the past , the fittings have changed so it 's not just a simple change of the tank that can occur . The fittings need replacing as well . It seems to me that after all of these years , they could come up with something that does n't leak all over when it goes out . A waste of $ 200 .
 My experience is much the same as other reviewers who have gone through two or more InSinkErator hot water dispenser in ten years or less . My first one lasted about 4 years and the second a bit less than 5 years . In both cases the tank leaked , as reported in many other reviews . I would consider going to a different brand , but it appears Emerson Electric manufactures basically all of the brands that are widely available in the U.S. Perhaps I 'll investigate the European models to determine if any of them might be more reliable . Otherwise , if you want the convenience of instant hot water at the sink , just expect to replace the unit every few years .
 I really love having instant hot water -- use it all the time . My question , still , is , is it better to get one of those electric kettles ? I tried using the microwave for several months but did n't like having to wait because sometimes , my sauce is burning so need hot water truly instantly.The cheapest model lasted several years . Except for the tank leak , it worked as expected . So many people have had the same problem that the connections to the tank must be a bad design , worse than a manufacturing defect . I bought the more expensive model with the stainless steel tank . It 's only been 8 months so ca n't tell if it 's worth twice the cost . ----- It 's now nearly 2 years since the more expensive model was installed . Performed flawlessly until yesterday . A leak . I have to calm down before removing it to see what 's wrong.I changed my rating from 2 stars to ONE star . Do n't buy ANY model of InSinkerators . Three out of three leaked .
 The InSinkerator model number H770 Hot Water Dispenser was installed on Tuesday . It was used once . The following morning the knob broke off . The knob could not be put back on . We are awaiting a replacement faucet from the company .
 They sure know the maximun life of their product ... we had the dispenser installed three years and two months ago and last week it began leaking . After checking all the connections , draining the tank , and talking to someone in India -LRB- service help -RRB- ... We concluded the unit was dead . There are no repairs and all the solutions involve a $ 200 investment -LRB- if you go back to Insinkerator -RRB- and standing on your head to install a new unit.This is the 3rd Insinkerator dispenser we have owned and each one has been more poorly made . I headed to the internet to see what other brands were available . When I read the evaluations on the Insinkerator H770 I was shocked to see how many people have had the same experience with Insinkerator units . Maybe management needs to read their own press.We will be giving Waste King a chance with our next hot water dispenser product . They have many positive ratings , with many people mentioning their dissatisfaction with Insinkerator units . Waste King units are $ 50 - $ 60 cheaper .
 I have had two of these in the past ten years , and they both broke the same way - by leaking . This is ridiculous . Regular house hot water heaters are used far more and last for years and years - and from reading the reviews it seems that these are built to break after a short amount of time.I just got off the phone with the company and they just said I have to buy a new heater at Home Depot . That will probably cost about $ 300 and another $ 150 for labor.Very annoying . I would not buy this again .
 Same boat , works OK for a few years , then the inevitable burst occurrs , the flooding and the expense and frustrations of attempting to install a new unit . I 'm on my 3rd . Different pipe locations , nonstop work and frustration . Fugget ` bout it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have had the unit for about 4 years . Great idea until it fails . -LRB- COUNT ON IT FAILING !! -RRB- Just started leaking from the bottom of the unit . The tap is now a useless piece of art work on the top of my sink . I think I 'll try a counter top hot water dispenser . At least if it fails after a few years I wo n't have a hole drilled in my Corian sink top !
 I 've now had two of these units and both have died within 1-2 years of light use . Both units have sprung `` leaks '' ; which are terrible to deal with under the sink . We recently bought our `` third '' unit and was in the process of installing it when I realized the package did not contain a connector for the cold water intake supply . I called customer service and was told I needed to supply the part . This absolutely amazed me they would n't include the piece as part of the installation kit . I decided to return the item and go with a Waste King hot water dispenser instead . So far , I 'm happy to say the new unit cost less as is visually better quality . Not only does it work better - it also included the cold water supply connector in the package!Do yourself a favor and steer clear of this brand . The poor quality will have you replacing the unit far ahead of what should be expected .
 The quality of this product has really gone downhill . The first one I purchased lasted 10 years until it started leaking . This time the dispenser started leaking after only 21/2 years . It was a nice convenience while it lasted but I will go back to heating water in the microwave . The fact that InSinkErator only warranties this dispenser for 3 years should tell you something . I would not recommend purchasing this brand .
 The home we bought 10 years ago had the H770ss and we loved it . In 2005 we replaced it because it leaked . Now , the water coming out of it stinks - bad . I will certainly think twice before replacing this one .
 I bought one new in 2002 . The first tank failed after 3 years and caused a giant mess when it poured water under the sink . I bought a replacement stainless steel tank to replace it and it just failed and leaked and caused a big mess under the sink . I have leaned my lesson . I just ordered a different brand .
 The hot water dispenser is one of the most used appliances in our kitchen . It 's not just for making a couple of quick cups of tea -LRB- which we do nightly -RRB- , but it 's used throughout the day for wiping , cleaning , sanitizing , or getting a jump start on boiling a pot of water . When I had the stove and microwave removed for a week while remodeling the kitchen , my wife never once said anything about the inconvenience . When the hot water dispenser goes out , she hands me my car keys for a trip to the hardware store for a replacement.The Insinkerator H770 is the third Insinkerator I 've installed . It is now the last Insinkerator I 'll every buy . Like the other two -LRB- Hot-1s -RRB- , it did n't last long . The Hot-1s lasted just over two years each , the H770 has lasted less than that.H770 safety flaw
 This water heater provides on-demand hot water , which is a great convenience , especially in the morning . Note
 Second unit just started leaking -- that 's two we 've been through in about 10 years . The operative phrase is `` made to break '' . Really a poor quality product . Avoid .
 The H770 is a small water heater with a dedicated faucet delivering 190F water . Seems like a simple idea that does n't take rocket science to design . I have had 2 of these units , the first lasted 5 years , the next 4 years and they fail the same way , the tank leaks and creates a mess . Now , I 'm looking at a 3rd unit after 9 years of using these products . I have whole home water heaters cost 2x this heater , require $ 100 professional installation , but lasts over 4-5x longer . Newer models are not drop in replacements either , as there are minute valve position changes , meaning another $ 100 professional labor cost if I did n't do it myself . Per instructions , it takes about 1 hour for a professional to install , and that includes working is a tight space underneath a kitchen sink . Now , the maker claims that the H770 , like any water heater , wears out with time , and that 's a given . However , instant hot water is less a necessity than a whole home water heater . Its easier to use an electric thermo pot , is far cheaper and easily serviced or replaced by a consumer and they last for decades . Lastly , a thermo pot can be filled with better filtered or bottle water rather than relying on pure tap water , as the H770 does -LSB- there is a filtered water version , but its otherwise a similar apparatus . -RSB- If you are aware this product lasts to 5 years and are willing to endure the replacement labor and cost , by all means , otherwise this product can not be recommended .
 Today I look under my sink and see the water puddle . Check my receipt for water dispenser , two years old . That figures , for fifteen years I have had the insinkerator hot water dispenser . The first lasted nearly eight years before the tank leaked . The second five years before the tank leaked this one two years . They are a great idea but the price has risen dramatically -LRB- just over $ 100 initially -RRB- and the quality has dropped alarmingly . When the tank leaks you have to change the complete unit as the dispenser to tank fittings change so now I face spending nearly $ 200 for a replacement . I think I will check out other manufacturers first !
 Replaced existing H770 with new InSinkErator H770-SS Instant Hot Water Dispenser . New H770SS takes 40 seconds to fill a small coffee cup with hot water . Old H770 was instantaneous by comparison . New H770-SS flow extremely limited while water flow to it is good -LRB- same as to old H770 -RRB- . H770-SS is a waste of money since existing Microwave can heat same amount of cold water in the same time . Review would n't accept `` No Star '' rating , wanted to go Negative but could n't
 We have had 3 insinkerator in the last 8 years . The tanks has failed in all the units . We are slow to learn , this product is truly poorly made . Whats even worse is that they change the design every model so that the hook up is more difficult . We will use another product since the plumbing has to be modified anyway .
 After 2 years my insinkerator started dispensing smelly water . After checking around I 've found that insinkertator intentionally designs these to fail . My heating elements aw well as many others corode in tap water . Upon opening this case up , I found this is intentionally engineered to be non-serviceable requiring the purchase of a whole new unit . I will never buy another one of these garbage units again .
 Second Unit in 6 years is leaking again completely corroding the electrical components.Love the idea of instant water for making tea , hot chocolate etc. . Buying this same unit 3 times in 6 years would make me one of those people that never learn , would n't it?Update
 My experience with this hot water dispenser is similar to others on this board . I 'm on my third . The first one was of the best quality of the three and lasted 7 + years before the tank failed . The next lasted about 3 before the tank failed . The latest one lasted less than 3 before the unserviceable , cheap , plastic connector failed . If I recall correctly , the price for this thing has about doubled since the second one I got - at least I do n't remember paying close to $ 200 for it . I have had similar experience with poor quality in an InSinkErator disposal where the seals failed shortly after the warranty was passed . I will never buy an InSinkErator product again . Unfortunately , I do n't really see another brand option for a hot water dispenser - so what I think I 'll do is last as long as I can by placing a bowl under the current dispenser to catch the leak , and when it gets too bad , I 'll put the sprayer back in it 's place and buy the Sunbeam counter top appliance . There is absolutely no way I 'll give any more money to InSinkErator .
 I am on my 3rd one in 7 years . The first two each lasted 2 years , and the third one just flooded my kitchen after 3 years . I would love the product , if it would actually last ! While it works , it is great ! But , is it worth that much money for an average 2 year life ?
 I do all my own plumbing . My H770-22 lasted only 4 years and then started leaking . It was a subtle drip that was not noticed for several weeks . The first symptom was the long time it took to dispense hot water . The tank was in the back of the sink cabinet and created a lot of mold and a big mess . I called Insinkerator and went on line . From what I can find out the H770-22 is no longer manufactured and has been replaced by the H770-SS which has a stainless steel tank . The H770-22 uses a plastic tank . Not sure if my replacement instant hot water system will be the H770-SS or the a Waste King H710-U-SN . The Waste King has better overall reviews - Insinkerator has already fooled me once - probably most of the complaints found here are for the H770-22 .
 I am NEVER buying this iNSINK - ERATOR brand of hot water heater again.It is HARD to install and stopped working after just a couple of years of only 2 -4 cups of hot water for coffee daily.I have decided to use the microwave and a nice handled Pyrex pitcher and save myself the hassle of another $ 200.00 + hot water dispenser that WILL fail and need full replacement every couple of years ... If they increase their warranty to 5 years it might be worth the hassle but at this point they are a RIP-OFF !
 tank cracked after 3 years , service people told me I would have to buy a new one -LRB- at over 200.00 dollars -RRB- Called company , apparently they know it cracks and do n't stand behind it . Never buying this brand again .
 Had 2 of these units . First one leaked within 2yrs . After much run around finally got them to send me a new unit . Took old one apart to see where the leak was . They use a `` heat resistant '' plastic tubing from the tank outward . It was brown and cracked from the heat . Now the new unit is leaking in less than a year . I 'm not going to bother with checking it out . Just going to TRY and find a better made one . As yet have had no luck . They all seem to be a problem and leak within a year or three .
 I recently purchased this saw , and spent the next two weeks in the most frustrating situation I have ever experienced with a power tool . I brought the saw home , carried all the very heavy components into my basement . I assembled the legs and attached the saw body and cast-iron extensions.Then , I opened the box for the rails , and found that -LRB- 1 -RRB- there was no hardware ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- no directions ; and -LRB- 3 -RRB- the tape was fastened on the rail crooked . I went back to the store where I bought it , and the owner told me that Jet has some problems with hardware . In fact , it seems that other customers have been returning Jet saws for this very reason . I had to wait a week for another rail set . Finally , it came in , and I took the new rail set home . But this time , I found that the hardware WAS THE WRONG SIZE !!!! Back to the store again for another rail set . I get home , and this time , I decided to take a look at the fence , just to check it out , and I find a gaping crack right along one of the solder areas . Irate , I open the rails again , just to check , and again , NO HARDWARE !!!!! Given this kind of horrible quality control , I can not be sure that the rest of the saw is made properly . The guide rails and the fence are two things I can visually inspect . But how about the motor , the trunnions , and the gear assemblies inside?Two smaller problems
 I thought I was getting an item with mobile casters but I did not read the description well enough.This item has one caster wheel and two stationary wheels that you have to stop , bend over and tighten a hand bolt to lock . Moving the item around is easy if you have a lot of mobility room but if you have that much room ... you do n't need the stand . Save your money and look fo a stand with at least 3 mobile wheels and a lift/lower locking type mechanism . Too much trouble to return so I 'm going to keep it and eventually put something less needed when I get my permanent shop . Would n't buy again and will probably not buy HTC products either .
 This was the third moble base I bought for Jet equipment and while I consider the other two -LRB- for a band saw and jointer -RRB- as really good values , the one for the 30 '' fence cabinet saw is a hazard . After the saw was delivered I put the base together , a simple opertation , then slid the saw off the pallet and on -LRB- or should I say in -RRB- to the base . I continued to assemble the saw , alligning , etc , until everything was as good as it gets . Finally it is time to move the saw to its more less perminent home . IT ALMOST TIPPED OVER . Upon examination I could see the reason . The swivel wheel was on the side opposite the motor and table extension . This put the two other wheels near the CG for the unit so any movement tended to tilt the entire unit over almost causing 500 pounds of brand new saw , etc. to tumble . Perhaps I would rate this base higher if I had not been forced to rotate the saw 180 degrees in the base by myself , a nerve wracking task . Once it was turned it demonstrated more stability , but not as much as I think this unit should have . Of the three bases I now have I wish one was the Shop Fox .
 This mobile base went together in just five minutes . The steel and wheels are all of good quality material . Caution ! When I was cutting a 24 '' X 48 '' X 5/8 `` piece of plywood , the tablesaw started to tip due to only one wheel at one end . This almost cost me severe injury to the face as the blade was still running . Talking to techs at HTC , they tell me I would be better off with the `` four wheel '' mobile base for tablesaws . This stand is being returned and I am buying the HTC 2000 as recommended by the HTC tech team . The one star is for the quality of this product , not safety .
 Bought this 2 door mailbox and am hugely disappointed . Way too thin and not made for duribility . It 's too bad that someone does n't make a sturdy 2 door model . Doors do n't fasten securely ... definately not for use in cold weather . Doors would n't close and mail was strewn all over the neighborhood because there are no latches . Poorly designed and poorly made . Would have given this product a zero if I could .
 The box is not built solid enough . The housing is too thin . The doors do not close well enough and the hinges are inadequate.The concept of two doors is a great idea , but it needs to be built stronger .
 I have this base under my Jet saw . Every time I start the saw the whole thing wobbles . HTC should have used a heavier gauge steel for the corner pads and caster supports -LRB- or put four casters at corners , instead of three -RRB- . The frame is too flexible . Even blocking the corners does not stop the wobble . No safety issue here , it 's just disconcerting . Extra bracing between the extension table legs and the saw helps somewhat -LRB- I added a much needed shelf -RRB- . Otherwise , it does what it is supposed to do
 This item arrived crooked , scratched and is very poor quality . I wish I would have spent more on a better item .
 I had looked for something just like this that was priced right for a long time . When I saw it advertised on Amazon I placed an order . A week to the day after it was received I saw one in WalMart that was much higher quality for about the same price . After paying transportation charges and sacrificing quality , it became clear that it was no bargain
 This hammer is very low quality , At the price I was n't expecting much but the hammer I received was n't even useable without working on it.The handle says its hickory but it very soft and feels weak , I doubt its gon na last long.The head of the hammer was very loose , the handle did n't fit right and they had jammed an extra swedge in it trying to tighten it up.Even with two swedges pounded into it I was still able to pull the head off , since I needed the hammer and did n't want to mess with returning a $ 12 hammer i cut the handle down to a thicker spot then turned it down till it fit tight . Now with just one swedge it fits as it should.Once the cheap handle breaks and I get another one it should be an ok hammer but once I buy a good handle I could have just bought a name brand hammer .
 I purchased this saw from Toolcrib of the North a few months ago . The saw was so seriously misaligned that I could not use it and had to return it . Toolcrib was not very helpful either .
 NOWHERE IN MY MANUAL DID I SEE MENTION FOR THE NEED OF A FULL TANK OF GAS AND A WELL STOCKED LIQUOR CABINET . THIS SAW -LRB- MY THIRD JET TOOL -RRB- IS MY LAST JET TOOL . THREE TRIPS DOWNTOWN WERE NEEDED FOR ME TO SUPPLY MYSELF WITH THE CORRECT BOLTS TO COMPLETE ITS ASSEMBLY . ONE TRIP MORE WAS REQUIRED TO EXCANGE AT MY LOCAL DEALERSHIP THE WING THAT WAS MISERABLY OUT OF SQUARE . HAD I ATTEMPTED TO MOUNT THIS WING AND THEN ATTACH THE RAIL TO IT , IT COULD EASILY HAVE DISTORTED THE RAIL CAUSING SEVERE ALIGNMENT PROBLEMS . SEVEN OF THE EIGHT PREDRILLED HOLE ON THE FRONT AND REAR RAILS WERE IN ALIGNMENT . ONE WAS NOT EVEN CLOSE . WHILE ADJUSTING THE BLADE TO ITS MAX HEIGHT THE GEAR RODE UP ON THE WORM DRIVE BREAKING OFF THE BACK TWO TEETH . THEY COULD N'T EVEN LINE UP THE TAPE MEASURE TO WITHIN THE LIMITS OF THE CURSOR TO MAKE IT USABLE . ONE WOULD THINK WITH ALL THESE PROBLEMS I WOULD HAVE CONTACTED JET TO DISCUSS THESE PROBLEMS WITH THEM . I DID . THE FIRST CALL GOT ME THROUGH TO A SIMPATHETIC REP WHO SUGGESTED A NEW SAW MIGHT BE IN ORDER . HE ENDED BY PROMISING TO CALL ME BACK THE NEXT DAY THEN HE DID N'T . HE WOULD N'T EVEN RETURN MY TWO MESSAGES THE SUBSEQUENT TWO BUSINESS DAYS . OH , AND THE INSTRUCTIONS ARE HORRIBLE !
 the installation instructions are really bad.the design - the bottom lever needs to be pulled to start water flow - is not that convenient , and the fact that it operates that way was not clear from the product description .
 THIS FENCE CAME WITH MY JET SAW . I CA N'T EXPRESS HOW DISAPPOINTED I WAS IN ITS PERFORMANCE . IT HAS NYLON PADS AT THE POINTS THAT CONTACT THE RAIL . THE NYLON PADS COME LOOSE , CAUSING THE FENCE TO CREEP . IN SHORT ORDER THEY FALL OFF , AND IF YOU USE THE FENCE WITHOUT THEM IT SCRATCHES THE POWDER COAT OFF THE RAIL . EVEN WITH THE FENCE IN GOOD CONDITION , IT WANTS TO RIDE UP WHEN IT IS LOCKED . JET TECH SUPPORT IS OF LITTLE TO NO HELP . MY ADVICE IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING A JET PRODUCT IS TO KEEP SEARCHING .
 I was very excited when I found this ladder . I teach theatre in middle school and am the sole instructor/director/lighting person etc. . As a 5 ' 3 '' female , maneuvering a 12 ft metal ladder can be a daunting task . So when I saw this lighter fiberglass ladder and read the great reviews , I thought it would be perfect for me . Unfortunately , the first ladder arrived with a big chunk broken off the very top rung . I was surprised , but ordered a replacement . Yesterday the replacement arrived at my school , but the driver of the carrier who delivered it warned me that it was not worth even taking it off the truck because one of the rungs was completely broken ! I have now had to return both the first ladder and it 's replacement . Seems to me , that if these ladders are too frail to make it to me in one piece , I do not want to trust them when I 'm 12 ft in the air . I 'm surprised at the 300 pound duty rating . Obviously the rungs break fairly easily or this company really mishandles its merchandise ! So disappointed ! I 'm now in search of another ladder .
 I received my ladder today and it looks terrific , but ... for $ 116.00 , where 's the paint shelf ? I ca n't believe that such a well made ladder does n't come with a paint shelf and I 'm kicking myself for not noticing that when making my purchase . To add one , I had to go right to Louisville Ladder and shell out another $ 31.00 -LRB- cost plus shipping -RRB- for what would likely have cost the company mere dollars to have included as a standard feature on the ladder . Honestly , and as originally noted , the ladder looks great and I 'm sure that it will serve me well , but I feel absolutely ripped off that this high priced , quality item does not include a paint shelf as a standard feature . At the very least , one should be offered as an accessory at a reasonable price on the Amazon site .
 I would think that four even feet should be a minimum requirement for a ladder . Not so , it seems . This model requires a shim under one of the feet to stabilize it .
 Effective turning tools need length and weight as well as sharp steel . Small chisels may look right when you are making small things on a small lathe , but they will actually make the work harder . Your hands will have to do too much of the work that the leverage of a larger tool would do for you . This is true even if you 've bought a lathe as limited as the Jet pen lathe.A quarter inch gouge may be alright for beading , but most of the work a gouge does in pen turning is roughing out a shape , and a 3/8 or 1/2 gouge will make the work go much faster . The skew is the most important tool you will use , and half inch skews have a problem - they will catch more often than the larger edge of a full size skew . I use a 3/4 inch skew for pen making , ground to a slight curve.All of these tools work well , but they are very limited and not particularly cheap . If you are going to do anything else besides pen turning you will need full sized tools anyway , so you should putting the cost of this set into buying the best chisels you can afford . In the long run you will save money and get better results .
 After much research , I ordered the JET 10 '' contractor saw with 2 cast iron wings and EXACTA fence system . I received the saw 3 days after I ordered it and started to put it together almost immediately . Instructions are lacking detailed information and you MUST make some deductions as you go along . That really was n't a big deal until I came to putting together the rail/fence system . Only 1 hole in the rails matched the factory drilled holes on the saw . UNBELIEVABLE !!! So , I called JET Tech . support , they were hesitant to admit that there were production issues at first so they offered to ship out a new set of rails . -LRB- After the 3rd set of rails though , they did admit to me that there were production issues with the rail system -RRB- . The new set arrived , same issues . Then they offered to send one out of Washington state -LRB- the first/second set were sent out of Memphis , TN . -RRB- . The new set of rails arrived , same problems . 2 weeks had passed by , still no working saw , so I decided to try and modify the rails myself . I had to meausre the holes and drill them myself on the front and back rails . Ok , got that done . Tried to attach the guide bar -LRB- with the ruler on it -RRB- to the front rail , only 2 holes matched the factory holes there also . I attached the guide just using those 2 holes and tried to attached the EXACTA fence , was n't enough clearance between the rail/guide to attach the fence . THAT 'S WHEN I GAVE UP !!!!! I called Tool Crib and told them to pick this up , give me credit and I ordered the Powermatic 10 '' contractor saw after receiving assurance from the powermatic technical support that they are NOT having problems like I experienced with the JET . Note
 Reviewer
 After spending nearly $ 100 for this base , I am quite disappointed . First , the axle bolts had fine threads and the base was coarse threaded . I had to strip the threads on the axle bolts to get the wheels on . The ` brake ' system is a joke , as other reviewers have noted . The swivel caster hides under a tongue flange , making it impossible to lock `` with your toe '' as the manual suggests . I compare this to the Delta universal base under my table saw , which has a wonderful `` step on - tap off '' locking mechanism that is always readily available . As noted , even though this is sold specifically for the JJ6 jointer , it does not fit . Through bolting is required for real stability . If you only move your jointer to get to something behind it , you may be pleased . If , like me , you have to store your tools in a corner and roll them out and lock them down when needed , you wo n't be pleased . But , the jointer is a dream .
 I recently purchased the 8 '' jointer from jet after a good deal of research . When it arrived , the finish was o.k. . It looked good , except for the front of the machine which was quite rough and had not been ground down after casting . Otherwise , it is a great looking tool.I finally got it put together and wired up -LRB- about four hours total -RRB- . I turned it on and it jumped to life . When I say jumped , I mean it started abruptly with a jerk , instead of smoothly and gradually . It also sputtered as it turned off . Upon further inspection and after smelling burning rubber , I opened it back up to have a look . There were black shavings all over the back of the machine , which turned out to be the belt.I called the Jet service number . The guy told me to take apart the motor to tighten a set screw that was supposed to have been factory set . Very time consuming . That was n't the problem . I called back and he told me to readjust all the pulleys and belts , which I had already done before calling . I did it again and that was n't the problem either . He said he would send out a local Jet rep to look at it . Well that was four weeks ago . Not only was no rep sent out , the original service rep whom I had spoken with stopped returning my calls , would not answer repeated messages , and basically ignored me for a month . Finally , I got fed up and left a message in no uncertain terms that he needed to call me back that day because I needed this thing to work . It was jurting my business and it had been over a month . I said if they would not help me , then I wanted to return the machine . Only then did he get in touch with a local rep.This guy called me the same day . I told him about the chunky motor and the black shavings . Guess what , he told me that the engine performance was normal and the belt could continue grinding itself away until it finds it 's `` natural position '' - for up to a year . I find both of these things hard to beleive . At this point , however , because of the month of unreturned calls , it was apparently too late to get a refund or a new motor from Jet . You would think such a well known company would make more of an effort to satisfy it 's customers.I also own a Powermatic 66 saw , a Record lathe , a Craftsman bandsaw and a Rugged planer . None of the other tools in my furniture shop start or stop roughly at all , only the jet . I feel that I have now exhausted all of my options and am stuck with a tool that is slowly grinding itself away and service techs that could not care less . If I had it to do over , I would have gone with the Delta .
 I order this item on 1/4/06 . The item is shipped in two boxs . One box is P/N 708458J , and the other is 708458S . After six weeks I have received two of the 708458J and none of the 708458S . After six follow up calls , I ended up with someone named Sumit S. -LRB- He would not let ne know his last name -RRB- in India . When I asked for his supervirsor , he say he was the hightest , and I could not go any highter.I have purchased the same item from ROCKER for $ 85 more and can walk into the store if I have a problem.This is a great jointer , just do n't purchase from AMAZON.COM , because it has on customer service .
 I expected a lot more from Jet . Here are the problems that I had :1 . -RRB- the jointer had a CROOK at the end of the infeed table . That 's unimaginable but it 's true ! 2 . -RRB- the top of the cabinet had several DENTS on ALL FOUR CORNERS of its top . It looked as though someone used a HAMMER to shape out the corners of the cabinet.I was so dissappointed with the finish of my jointer since I spent so much time and research debating on which one to buy.That said , I 'll be packing it up to exchange it for a new one.I give `` fit and finish '' ONE star . I 'll save my performance review for after I receive my replacement .
 This tool is cheap and does not work well in tight spaces . I could n't get it to fit snugly on the plugs . Save your money .
 Potential users
 This is a sturdy little unit but it does not have stops for 90 degrees , 45 degrees , etc.Taking into account the other review , I would not recommend this unit to a friend asking advice .
 I always expect the best from Jet products but I was disappointed with the miter gauge . This miter gauge is poor quality and has no pre-set notches .
 Nice looking but comes with cheap plastic threads on the drain . Do n't buy if you want quality . This thing is a cheap POS !
 We replaced one bathroom faucet with the intention of replacing the rest later , however the first one we replaced broke within a few months . The metal in the handle broke . I expected more out of Moen .
 I am a building contractor for over 20 years , and I 've been looking for a quality blade that does not burnout or warp so quickly . So I purchased a few of these Freud blades , and once again I have been let down . My company purchases over 30,000 blades a year , and we have yet to find a blade that gives us the durability , consistency and reliability that a 200 homes per year builder demands . The only blades that have come close is the Oldham blades , but they still need some fine tuning . Overall , builders need a smoother blade that does not heat up as fast . All saw blade manufacturers try to coat the sides of blades in some form or another . All the coatings fly right off within the first 2 minutes of cutting . Does anyone manufacture a smooth blade . If so please contact me . I will purchase volume -LRB- as I 'm sure any contractor would do with such a product -RRB-
 I ordered this saw because I have an old JTAS-10XL table saw , -LRB- from the days when Jet products were US made and blue in color -RRB- which is an excellent precision machine . I also got 10 % off and free shipping on the bandsaw.The bandsaw has so far been a disaster . I received mine on May 22 and immediately found a table with 14 mil dish . I called the WMH Tool customer service and they sent me another in a week , 3rd day air
 I 've had this saw for about a year . This is the first band saw I have owned . Everything fit together nicely and have it mounted on mobile base . I also ordered the fence and 6 '' riser block . One thing important to remember on any band saw is to use the right kind of blade for the type of sawing you are doing . For example , if you are cutting curves you will probably want to use a narrower blade -LRB- 1/4 '' or 3/8 '' -RRB- with 12 tpi . For resawing , I use a timberwolf 1/2 '' 3 tpi blade . This blade is about $ 30 but makes resawing a pleasure . It 's gon na be a little slower cutting then a machine with a 2hp motor but then again the bandsaw is a lot less $ then a lot of the bandsaws out there . If you are a full time professional woodworker you are probably going to want something more robust , if you can afford it . However , for the basement shop -LRB- me -RRB- or garage shop woodworker it will work just fine . Note
 My new Jet JWBS-140S / 708113 14 '' band saw with open stand arrived 2 days after the HTC HSJ-1414 mobile base had arrived . I ordered the Jet band saw and mobile base at the same time , from the same page on Amazon , as the accessories were listed below the 14 '' band saw . Once assembled , the base of the band saw measured approx 19.5 '' by 22.5 '' and would not fit in the HTC HSJ-1414 mobile base which measured approx 18 '' by 27 '' . I am waiting to see what Amazon decides on this . I may have to return the whole lot as I need to be able to move the saw out of the way.See also my review on the Carter Jet 14 saw guide , which does not fit the new 14 '' Jet band saw .
 I ordered this with the JWBS-14OS saw -LRB- see also -RRB- and the kit came with a 22mm upper guide bar extension which did not fit the 19mm holes in the upper frame and upper guide . It took 5 weeks , 4 calls to WMH , and the receipt of three more 22mm guide bars before they could get me the right part.On the plus side , no problems with frame/wheel alignment as reported by other reviewers.On the minus side , the guide block does narrow the throat of the saw about an inch , and -LRB- at least the 3/4 hp 14OS -RRB- is underpowered for resawing so I am not convinced that the extra 6 inches cutting capacity is all that useful . also , getting that big bolt tightened inside the frame is tough , you ca n't use an adjustable wrench .
 I 've had my Jet Band-saw for many years . But the engineering on the riser and the instructions are quite bad ! The diagram pictures the blade guard on the left side going on backwards ? The base holes were not tapped , and I had to ream the dowel pins on the base . Now I know it 's been on the market for literally years but come on ! I decided to use an old computer A.C. cord and replace the motor cable and put the switch back where it was vs lowering it . You either need to have some self tapping screws on hand or some taps . Like I said I reworked mine to extend the power cord drop!I needed new blades so I figured what the heck . It just took 2 hours instead of 45 minutes . At least it was a good opportunity to really clean the band-saw ! It 's a tool and were supposed to be handy right!Saw On!Bill
 I recently bought this riser block . I bought the band saw and riser block at the same time , but had to wait for the riser block to get off of backorder . So I was pretty excited to finally get the riser block and assemble the band saw.The kit is very easy to assemble , even with my 105lb wife holding the band saw upper arm while I bolted it together - yeah , she 's a sport.However , once I got it assembled , it was obviously mis-aligned . The upper and lower guide bearings were off by over an inch - much to far to be usable . So , I called JET technical service to help me - thinking they would just send me a new one . The JET technician told me to `` knock the pins out with a hammer . '' Wha ? The pins are mounted in cast iron with no through holes . He assures me it will work , so I try . As you can imagine , all I ended up with was mushroomed pins . So I call the technical service line again . The second guy tells me that most of these riser blocks -LRB- 90 % according to him -RRB- have this problem , and the instructions were supposed to include how to remove these pins . He tells me to pull he pins out with pliers.Well , thank goodness Amazon customer service is better than JET 's . I returned the block to Amazon and a new one is on route . I hope this one is better .2 stars for a useful product and a nod to Amazon 's great customer service . However , this will be my last JET tool purchase . From now on I 'll buy my expensive tools from a company that does n't expect me to take a hammer to their product before it can be used .
 Wish I could give an honest review of the actual product ... do n't let that disclaimer of shipment in 1 to 2 weeks fool you !!! I ordered mine on May 19th and as of today , July 8th , no riser block . Amazon continues to delay shipment every couple of weeks with an estimated delivery date now of sometime at the beginning of August . You would think that with the Jet bandsaw as one of their better sellers , they would keep a good number of these on hand . I am about to take my business elsewhere !
 I bought this blade to upgrade the standard blade that came with my 71/2 '' miter saw that I bought to carry around to smaller jobs . BIG mistake.Don ' t know why but this blade will not cut anything without kicking back . It will even take chunks out of 2x pine . Do n't even try it on hardwood or cabinet moulding unless you 've got a suit of armor on.It 's not the saw alignment . It 's dead on . And the saw works fine with the original blade and it even works better than this with some of my worn out framing blades from my circular saws.Saw in another review where another user had this same problem with another Freud blade . This is only the second Freud I 've purchased . I bought one for my 10 '' Radial Arm Saw thinking it might make it safer to rip with with the anti-kickback feature . WRONG ! ! ! The kickback I got with this blade dang near destroyed my guards and probably would have killed me if the guards had n't been up to snuff.I 'm beginning to think that the Freud anti-kickback `` feature '' is nothing but a dangerous sales gimmick . And I definitely wo n't be buying any more Freud blades in the near future . This one 's going back to where I got it , too .
 The `` self stick '' was all dried out and will not adhere to my 12 '' sander.I think maybe the `` PSA '' stands for `` Please supply adhesive ''
 I must say first , I have owned Bon tools over the past decade , and this Bon Tool does not pass for being a contractor 's tool quality.I buy a Bon tool because I need something twice as strong as anything in a big box store , the Knife is stripped of so much aluminum in design , I can nearly break this thing in my hand . I know Commodities prices are up but this knife needs to be twice the weight -LRB- in Aluminum -RRB- and 25 % longer.The Stanley 10-815 FatMax XtremeT Utility Knives are nearly ex-stink , and this would be the perfect candidate to step into it 's replacement to be the only heavy knife on the market.Also notice the blades are not even standard blade size , it is like a mini blade.Notice in second pic , that even a second sticker that is supposed to be in lade into the casting is missing due to cost cut . Why not ditch the sticker all together and just put it in the casting -LRB- big -RRB- Also make a retractable sliding model for a couple bucks more.Don ' t include the pouch , as I just threw it away `` do n't need one '' put the money in the knife and sell the pouch separately -LRB- An iPhone does not come with a case cover -RRB-
 There are two problems with this light , and for me they are `` deal breakers . `` One , the light is too focused and does not cover the page , so you have to keep moving it as you go down a page . This is unlike the Mighty Bright light that I bought as Asia Books in Thailand.Two , the clip is designed so that when you use it , the two sides of the clip do not come flush to the surface of the pages , so that the point of contact is VERY SMALL ; this makes it insecure on the page.I got the Might Bright light because this one was too frustrating , mainly because of the narrow focus of the light .
 My title should say it all . Aside from the affordability , there are no other features I like . It only lights very centrally which means constantly adjusting and the neck is too floppy and will not stay in place or pointed where I want . Too bad since it was so affordable .
 I am so disappointed with this booklight . I thought I had gotten one with a dud battery -LRB- Lithium CR -RRB- so I spent $ 4 buying a new battery only to find it uses TWO of the batteries not one and it made no difference which means other reviewers are right - it has a hot spot and then fades out . I have even found myself moving the head over each line as I read to be able to see . That is just terrible ! It 's just not bright enough . I am going to make one attempt to remove the LED light bulb cover to see if that helps but if I ca n't do it without breaking it - I 'll put it in the drawer until the next yard sale . I wo n't order another booklight online . I will spend a bit at the bookstore to make sure I get something that actually lights up the page . I ca n't imagine what you could use this for but certainly not reading .
 Not the thing I was trying to buy . Not a standard track lighting connector . I was looking for the most basic standard cheapo track lighting , this is some other style .
 Well this is my first time writing a review and it 's because this is the worst tool I have ever purchased here -LRB- Amazon -RRB- . The angle clamping mechanism makes the clamp itself move left or right when tightly clamped down . I purchased the 24 '' and 48 '' and want to return them but ca n't seem to find the manufacture of this product . I wanted to try re-selling them here but I do n't have the heart to upset a potential buyer .
 i ordered a 3.0 amp hour battery and received a 2.8 amp hour battery.i actually needed a 3.5 amp . battery . are you going to tell me that they are all the same?the receipt in the box said 3 amp battery what gives ?
 As a kid we had Melnor travelling sprinklers and seem to recall they worked very well . I am less than pleased with this version . Although it mentions not to use with new lawn , I did and the results were disappointing . You have to make sure that the connections are perfect . It does not handle even a slight incline well and lower water pressure tips the scales even further . I have to baby sit this thing to make sure it keeps moving . The sprinkler heads move very slowly unless going downhill . It was very contentious . When purchasing this item you would expect to set it even on a slight slope and watch it move at least 25 feet in an hour and have the sprinkler heads move in a rapid fashion . On even ground , the sprinkler heads slow to a crawl and sometime barely move at all and the progress it makes is generally about 5-7 feet per hour . My lawn is now almost fully grown and at this time I have abandoned it 's use in favor of other sprinklers . Perhaps if you have everything going for you , slightly downhill slope , high water pressure , perfect connections and hard ground you will get better results.I would recommend buying another `` type '' of sprinkler . They do n't make them like they used to .
 Like the previous reviewer , we too , had a Melnor traveling sprinkler that worked great 25 years ago . They definitely do n't make 'em like they used to , and this sprinkler is a complete waste of a lot of money . No wonder the company does n't stand behind their products -- even they know it 's not worth it.The sprinkler worked fine for the first few times , so I thought I was having better luck . But within a month it just stopped , and no amount of tightening , checking or prodding will get it going again . If I had the time or inclination to babysit a sprinkler , I would have bought one for $ 20 , not $ 60 . You 're paying for the convenience it supposedly offers -- to set it and leave it to do its thing.To make things worse , Melnor 's customer service response was to ask me to send the mechanism back -LRB- at my expense of course . -RRB- Now I know why so few stores carry their products .
 When they sell world wide , and the AC voltage was not spesified , I thought the charger to the Panasonic drill & driver could be used worldwide with input 100-240V AC , as charger for small electronics normally are . This charger are only for 120V AC and useless . They could not change the charger to one with the right voltage for me .
 This electric screwdriver is worth about 9.99 and is overpriced .
 I thought I was upgrading from the Milwaukee 2.5 volt power screwdriver . This one has the noisy clutch , but I have never had any trouble with this style.The auto shut off of the Panasonic is a electric switch that turns the tool off . Mine lasted about 4 months , returned for service , lasted another 2 weeks . The clutch was stoping power to the motor . . I like the extra power , but will stick to the Milwaukee for reliability .
 I am sure that the product is great , if I would have gotten what I ordered . They sent me the up grade because they were out of the one that I ordered . Now I can not charge it , in my existing charger . I must either send it back or buy a new charger . Not good.Thank youReynold J Schultz JR. .
 Never got a chance to turn this tool on . The plunge base was skewed diagonally at least 5 degrees and the fixed laminate trimming base was tilted at least 10 degrees . I 'm no machinist so I 'm incapable of truing this tool . I 've never had this kind of problem before and am sending it back . I do n't have time to screw around with it . Too bad because I liked the moderate size and relatively powerful motor but I bought this for fine template work and I was extremely disappointed .
 Before I ordered this unit I read the other two reviews . One said it was poorly made the other liked it . I have to agree with the first . The quality is not there . If you are the least bit picky save yourself the trouble of having to return it . Cheaply made is the best description . Spend the extra money and buy a Bosch , Porter Cable or DeWalt
 This product was not usable on my saw . If you use both left and right discs , the table insert will not fit . If you use the left disc , it warps the blade and makes it tilt to the right . It had no effect on vibration when using only one disc . I returned the discs .
 I have an older table saw and when I tried to install them along with the blade & a required shaft spacer , I could not put on the retaining nut . So I could only use one Blade Stabilizer on my saw .
 I 've used one of these with two blades . One is a thin kerf Freud available at HD and the other is a thick kerf DeWalt . With the thin kerf Freud I tighten the arbor nut , turn the saw on , turn the saw off , and the blade spins on the arbor . This is dangerous . With the thick kerf the arbor nut stays tight but the stabilizer is n't needed with a thick kerf blade . I 'm returning this item .
 Using both stabilizers takes up a 1/2 '' of arbor width . I did n't have room to install both on my Bosch 4000 bench saw so I installed one on the outside . Although Freud literature does n't point this out , these are made to be used only as a pair . If you install only one your blade gets retensioned away from being flat . I noticed this because after installing one , my splitter no longer lined up and I had to adjust the blade 1/2 a degree to get it back to being perpendicular to the table . Perhaps they improve the quality of the cut when used as a pair with a thin kerf blade . I was n't able to test that . I give them only 1 star because Freud does n't make it clear that both need to be used . The Forrest stabilizer is made to work as a single unit on one side of the blade . Probably a better choice for most people .
 I agree with the review that you should stabilize your saw and not your blade , but at some point you are going to want a blade stabilizer . If you do a lot of crosscuts/miters on your table saw it really helps out to give you that `` shinny '' crosscut . This stabilizer is the worst that could ever have been invented . Who wants to have their blade offset approx 1/4 '' ? There are two stabilizers in the kit and I have yet to see a table saw that you can remove the original flange mounted to the arbor so you do n't warp your blade with only one stabilizer . -LRB- The stabilizer is larger than most arbor flanges -RRB- Freud really should have thought out this design . They make wonderful blades , but this product makes them look like idiots . You have to adjust your fence to compensate . Homemade box cutting jigs are shot . The only nice thing is that they are not as large as other blade stabilizers . I threw this one in the trash and bought the forest 5 '' blade stabilizer . Does everything I want . I can use it with my dado . Which is a Freud . DO NOT USE ONLY ONE OF THESE . That can cause serious injury or death .
 Useless and overpriced gudget . Blade ca n't be placed on calibrated 5/8 '' shaft and sits over the thread . As a result balance is off and you ca n't turn on a saw without the risk of blowing your brains out .
 I suppose it 's a poor workman that blames his tools , but I find it quite difficult to make consistent cuts with this tool .
 The Freud JS-100A is my first biscuit joiner . I picked it because it looked well made and inexpensive . After two years , I now use biscuits for everything and am putting the Freud to heavy use . It is an increasingly annoying resident of my shop ; as of today I am in the market for a better-designed joiner.The Freud continues to work OK -- I have become used to the motor noise , which sounds like a handful of ball bearings rattling around in a coffee can . The dust collection system is its worst failing -- the chintzy plastic manifold does n't make a good seal and dust blows out the joint into your face . And when you have to remove the manifold to get the tool into a corner , you find access to the screw is blocked by the biscuit size selection dial . Oh , and dust goes right through the bag too , again right in your face if you 're bending over to see what you 're doing.The crude fence adjustment mechanism is a real pain . When you are trying to center the cut in a board , it 's just a trial and error game . Some kind of screw adjustment would be most helpful -LRB- as in the Porter-Cable 557 I bought to replace the Freud -RRB- . In production use , the tool seems heavy and poorly balanced . The on/off switch is awkwardly located , at least for me -- I have to turn it on and then position it for a cut -LRB- instead of lining it up and just switching it on briefly for a quick cut . Then I have to set the tool down and turn it off . You have to wonder what they were thinking when they built this thing .
 Almost since the moment this thing came out of the box , I wished I had spent the extra money to get the Porter Cable 557 . As other reviewers have pointed out in their colorful fashion , the 2 main failure points of this tool in my opinion are
 I received this unit 4 years ago as a gift from my father . I have only used it on two projects and while using it on the second project it died . The problem was traced to the windings in the motor . Terminal for a $ 100 tool even though it was only used to cut less than 50 biscuit slots . That aside , the rocker switch is in a very poor location and the fence adjustment is crude . This is not a slam on Freud as I recommend their saw and dado blades .
 um , I just want to warn everyone to not use cement . Have n't been able to walk for two weeks .
 Right out of the box this saw looks cheap , -LRB- actually it is compared to most sliding compound miter saws -RRB- a quick assessment of it 's functionality confirms the initial impression . Plastic and cast aluminum parts look cheap , locking pin nearly impossible to use , blade quality is OK , miter turret moves a little hard , blade guard is a strange contraption , no guard to prevent tear-out , and being an 81/2 '' saw it 's cutting capacity is seriously limited . There are a couple of nice features however -- the base gives the saw excellent stability while remaining compact . It 's relatively lite and It 's equipped with an electronic brake . In the end you 'll be much better off stepping up to a Hatachi or Makita , They 're wroth the extra money .
 While sawing a 2x4 stud a knot in wood came out and lodged shearing and twisting motor shaft into . This saw may be ok for small work such as picture frames etc. but would not recommend for heavier work .
 Had a lot of sanding to complete , therefore purchased the twin pack . One of the pads did not hold the sandpaper at all . The `` velco '' did not stick , making the pad worthless . The second pad worked much better , but after a short time -LRB- 30 minutes -RRB- a corner started separating from the medal base . Since I still have a lot of sanding left to complete , I need to purchase additional pads to complete the job .
 My wife bought these as a father 's day `` gift '' for me , and gave them to me early so I could install them before we left for Summer vacation . I had placed them in my cart -- we needed new ones and I was looking at these as a potential replacements -- she saw them and bought them for me . We paid over $ 70 each for 6 of them -- not as much as I would have liked to spend , but OK , we got 'em , so they 're going in.These have the typical plastic barbed anchor that you sink into the ground , then screw the lamp base into the anchor . They are beautiful lamps , bright when lit , stylish all the time . However , they have a fatal flaw.The male threads that connect the lamp base to the plastic anchor are so pathetically joined to the lamp -- I do n't know if you 'd consider it a `` weld '' so much as glue -- that I broke one removing it from the packaging -LRB- they are well-packaged -RRB- . Figuring I 'd learned something and could fix or work-around the broken one , I removed the rest of them from their boxes without incident . I laid them out along the sidewalk where they were to be installed . The first one installed quite easily -- the electrical connectors were easy to use . The second one snapped off as I was screwing it into the plastic anchor , the same place the first one broke . Looking closely at the breaks , it looks like the square support rod is joined to male-threaded section by a cheap , pot-metal -LRB- or maybe it 's a resin-type material -RRB- weld . I had only screwed it in a thread or two , far from where it should have seated . For you mechanical types out there -- no I did not cross-thread or over-tighten the joint.So now 2 of 6 are broken where the base joins the lamp . I have some really high-quality , high strength glue from work and tried it on one of the broken ones to see if it would join the parts . It did , and I was able to install it . I installed another one without incident , this time carefully threading the rod into the base before pushing the base into the ground.Lamp # 4 broke in the same fashion as # 2 , but I was able to thread this one in almost all the way before it broke off . Again I looked at the joint -- these looked as though the paint -LRB- or finish -RRB- might have been the only thing holding the sections together . I told the wife that the lamps we bought had problems , and she came out to look . As we were looking , the one lamp I fixed with the glue from work toppled over , probably from the weight of the lamp -LRB- they are quite tall -RRB- . One pane of the glass in the lamp broke when it hit the concrete.Furious now , I pulled the lamps from the ground and disconnected the electrical connections . These are going back to Amazon .
 It 's a real pretty blade but , unfortuntely , it ai n't no 5/32 '' thick at the kurf and therefore , does n't fit in my P/C biscuit joiner -LRB- without shimming -RRB- . I guess my main complaint is that the discription should detail that and does n't .
 i always buy freud router bits i loved the very high quality of them . i figured that their saw blades were of the same quality . i put this blade on and it vibrated more then my stock sears blade . it also made my saw bog down more then my sears blade that was dull . the cut was no beter either . maybe frued makes good blades but this is not one of them . i guess you get what you pay for .
 The velcro on a recently used pad melted in less than 2 minutes . No bearing down with the 60 grit sandpaper was required . Fein has not fixed this defect even after many years of customer complaints .
 The item I received was not as described in the item description . The product description said it has an aluminum backing like the ones I have purchased in the past , however the ones I received were plastic backed
 I am a hardwood flooring contractor . I use the fein tool to sand inside corners -- remove old finish , etc. . In less than one minute the whole system breaks down because of excess heat . The pad heats up really fast -LRB- no , I am not bearing down on the tool -RRB- , and causes the Velcro pad to literally melt in seconds . When the pad melts the Velcro system breaks down , and the back side of the paper melts away as well . Consequently , the paper no longer sticks to the Velcro pad and the whole thing is useless . Seriously , I ca n't believe fein even has these on the market . Never in decades of experience have I had a tool break down so quickly and so completely . Total waste of money and time .
 I use my Fein Multitool for detail sanding for the most part so these sanding pads are indespensible . I love everything about the tool save for these . They wear out almost imediately . The problem is heat build-up at the corners . The hooks and substrate are plastic , with little resistance to heat . I 've tried using less pressure and frequent paper changes -LRB- which does help a little -RRB- but the fact remains that these velco sanding pads are the weak link in an otherwise stellar system . I 'll still use the tool because it 's great , and I 'll still buy these pads because there 's no alternative , but I 'll piss and moan about the fact that one must buy about as many of these expensive things as the paper that goes on them !
 The velcrow pad overheats on the corners and outer edges . This process allows for rapid decay of the remainder of the pad.The sand paper backing is to often of poor quality also .
 I have a fein mutimaster that is 15 years old and for certain jobs cant be beat but the pad is really pathetic.I just purchased some new pads , installed it , installed coarse grit sandpaper to avoid the dreaded heat build up and used it roughly 30 seconds then went to switch grits and as I was pulling the sandpaper off it pulled the velcro off along with the sandpaper.COME ON FEIN !!!!!!!!!
 It is difficult to comprehend Fein providing sanding pads and paper which are so useless . I have had the sandpaper/pads melt in sanding just a 3/4 '' X 2 '' area . Both the felt on the paper and the Velcro on the pad melted . I went through 20 sheets of paper to sand a close-quartered area . Whereas my B & D Megamouse did a 4-foot X 4-foot area with just one sheet . Both on the same project .
 As others have said here , these pads are P * ss poor . With all the negative reports , you 'd think Fein would get a clue.The sander itself is excellent and some of the other accessories are top notch . But I sure wish they would beef up this H/L padI 'd like to know if other brands of pads are just as bad .
 I bought my set a few years ago contempalting doing Dovetail joints . I just pulled it out to use with my PorterCable 1501 router . It would not fit my base plate . Fortunately I found my old porter-cable router that has a base fixed in one place excepted the guides . I tried the 3/8 '' guide and found it to be off-center or out of round . It would not fit in the router base . Probably had it to long to get it exchanged . I 've bought a lot of other Freud products and have been pleased , but this one surprized me .
 Ordered and received FT2020 template guide very quickly . Much to my dismay , the Template guide adaptor did not have the holes drilled . Ruined plans for weekend project . No customer service on weekend guess I 'll wait until Monday .
 I received my Freud 2020 template guide incomplete . It was missing a 7/16 guide and the template guide adaptor was not drilled out with 4 holes . I called toolcrib and told them about this problem and they said they would mail the correct items to me . I received only the 7/16 inch guide . I called again and they said they would correct the problem . It seems someone needs to have a better system of quality control prior to shipping . Hoping they get it right this time .
 I like my Freud router , but I 've ruined my 1/4 '' template guide . I ca n't find them anywhere on their site . Their search engine is horrible . I do n't believe they offer individual guides , but that remains to be seen . The worst problem is the main part does n't fit flat in the router . I have to shim it on one side . Poor fit .
 The bushings appear to be good quality , but the adapter plate absolutely would not fit on my router base . I have a Freud FT1700VCE -LRB- listed as being compatible -RRB- and I tried the plate on both my fixed and plunge router bases with no luck . -LRB- I even dug out my manual to make sure that I was trying to install it correctly . -RRB- It looks like they machined the plate just a bit to big to fit in the base . I probably could have ground down the outer rim of the adapter a bit , but I would have expected more from Freud . Returned .
 Do n't use this blade in cold temperatures . I had it shatter around the arbor the first time that I used it . I have not had this experience with their other blades .
 This blade shattered as I was installing it the first time . I replaced it , at about three times what it 's worth , and found that it dulled quickly when cutting wood .
 Replacement for the one I broke . Happens whenever I borrow the neighbor 's tools . I rate it low based on price alone as it costs as much as a comparable tool with blades from Dremel .
 I love my Fein , but I would love it even more if it could cut metal . I had to use three of these blades to get a rusted bolt off the back of a sail boat . I can only hope that someone will come up with a better blade .
 While this blade 's cut was super accurate , I was disappointed that after only using it one time the inner diameter teeth that connect to the Fein tool crumbled . There 's still a few left so it 's usable -LRB- just have to be careful -RRB- . And this blade is expensive too .
 I love/hate this blade along with the Fein sander . The tool and blades like this are so convenient ; they get you in tight places , allowing a lot of control , but this blade , along with the e-cut blades are ... poor value for the money . They are not bi-metal like good recip blades , or carbide , like good saw blades , they 're just plain steel , and they do n't last . I have a table saw blade , I paid -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- for , but it 'll last a lifetime , because it 's good quality carbide , and it can be sharpened . As for blades like this one , if you 're a contractor like me , you better have a big markup for overhead , because these babies are going to cost you . I actually took my complaint to the company ; the rep I emailed said they pleaded with the manufacturers in Germany to make the price more reasonable , but to no avail .
 You might think this blade is made of solid gold for the price Fien wants for it , but it 's not . If it was solid gold it would be cheaper ! Go on E-Bay and search for Fein blades at a reasonable price and do n't waste your money here .
 I bought this blade to replace the one that came with the kit . When I tried to install it the blade must have been just a little off center . As soon as I put pressure on it , the blade shattered into a dozen pieces . I have n't used the new one yet , I am afraid of breaking it too .
 This blade came with the FMM 250Q Multimaster I purchased . It lasted for about 2 months and then crack while I was using it to cut a thin sheet of fiberglass . Prior to that it had been primarily used to cut small pieces of wood . When I went to replace it I ended up with sticker shock . From my perspective , all of Fein 's accessories are WAY over priced . More and more I have been able to source these accessory items from third party manufacturers at more than half of Fein 's price and have found the quality to be as good , if not better than Fein 's . Even Fein distributors have started to complain about their pricing and have `` covertly '' started carrying and offering non OEM replacement options to their customers . The FMM 250Q is by far the best tool in its category . But from an accessory replacement perspective , its low priced competitors are starting and will continue to errod its market share .
 cheap , broke while using the blade . The fien power tool is a five star , most the blades are 3 star , this blade is a 1 star , so thin it broke while in use . There are many other style of blades to pick from .
 The listing says 10 shims in package but only 8 in package I rec 'd . ALL had rust and/or pits.Tried 2 orders and both had the same exact results.I use and am happpy with the results of the Freud Diablo 10 '' blades and the SD206 Dado blades but the shims that came with the dado blades rusted and pitted within 3 months and the replacements came that way.Will look at the plastic or brass as replacements.If I did n't have bad luck , I would n't have any luck at all .
 I was surprised when I received these shims ... they havepitted rust on most of the shims . Not the quality Iexpect from Freud . I guess you get what you pay for -LRB- cheap shims -RRB- . Atleast they should have coated the shims with a rust-preventative . Even better . . use stainless steel . I recommend an alternative shim set .
 Received in a perfectly clean , brand new package . Three shims had rust spots the size of dimes . Both .020 shims were cupped as if they just came off a roller . This is Freud quality ?
 I have used this tool for over a year now to do a wide variety of projects . I first noticed that the fence ` slipped ' when I was doing some fine work . The fence slips when you rest it upon your work -LRB- when you measure the biscuit slot from the top of the fence plate -RRB- . This happens no matter how hard I tighten the fence . The solution for this tool is to only use it resting flat and then to only use the fence as a guide . Since I do the kind of work that requires more precision , I will be moving up to the Porter Cable 557 in a few months . This tools is good for a novice that is not sure whether they will use biscuits or not . Pros should start with a better model .
 I have ordered this product for more than 2 weeks , and have no sign of delivery status . The service is very poor.Had a 2nd thought about my future purchasing from Amerzon.com
 I bought the Freud JS102 because I thought it was one of the better brands out but , not any more . The other reviews you read here are accurate.First , THEY DID SCREW UP THE measuring devices on the face plate that is supposed to ensure a level cut ! Because of this , it is almost impossible to achieve a level cut ! This seams very consistent with other reviews and I noticed the same thing . This is likely a manufaturing problem as many of the joiners have this same problem.Secondly , I found adjusting the depth of the biscut cut very very difficult . Freud says it `` pre-sets '' the biscut depth at the factory . Well , it was not and my # 20 biscut cuts were too shallow . In an attempt to correct this problem , I followed Freud 's directions to manually change the depth . This was almost impossible . The `` little wrench '' they give you to make needed adjustments is too big !!! If I had not had my own tools to fix the problem , the depth could never have been changed!Finally , the manual is awful . The pictures are of horrible quality and many points one would think of as important are not included in the manual.Oh , one more thing , I do n't know what amp motor I have ! The box and tool both say it is a 6.5 amp motor but EVERY WEB SITE and even FREUD themselves say the motor is 5 AMPS!Needless to say , the product made its way back to the store and I spent $ 50 more and got the Porter Cable .
 The biggest problem with this tool is the total inability to adjust the auxiliary fence parallel to the blade . The fence adjustment mechanism seems poorly designed and engineered . The amount of discrepancy is small , but when joining surfaces that can accomodate only one biscuit , the joined pieces will be totally misaligned.It 's too bad because in other respects , it seems like a fairly decent tool . -LRB- If not for the lousy fence I 'd have given it at least 4 stars . -RRB- But I 've decided to return it and spend a little more money for a tool with better precision .
 The fence on this joiner is flimsy and allows for inaccurate slots . Should only be use for the very roughest work . Try another brand , very disappointing after the fine 15 amp router I bought from Freud worked out so well . They do make great blades and bits however .
 I 've used a lot of different jig saws over the years . From Black & Decker to Bosch . Have to say that the Freud FJ85 was one of the worst I 've ever used.Fairly well made ? Yes . That 's probably the only reason I gave it two stars . Trigger was mushy , did n't have the `` crisp '' feel of a good trigger switch . Did n't like the blade retention system at all . Bosch and Morse blades both hard to get inserted all the way in the barrel . Cutting guide was so far off it was pathetic.Last of all , during cuts the saw tracked somewhat sideways like a car with a bent frame ! Really skimpy manual , too.I 've used several Freud tools over the years with good results , but this saw is not a `` keeper '' !
 I bought this saw and it came with a badly warped base . Unfortunately I did n't discover this in time to return it to amazon for a full refund . I sent it to Freud for repair/replacement and got the same base back , only slightly less warped . It wo n't follow a saw guide because of `` drift '' , in other words the edge of the guide is not parallel to the blade . Basically the engineering on this saw is very ambitious but the manufacturing craftsmanship is terrible.Addendum
 I just returned my Freud FJ85 . Sad to do since it was truly a bargain and had a good motor and smooth gearbox . But all of that is n't of much use if you ca n't get blades to lock properly . I had trouble with the supplied Freud blade , but eventually was able to lock it in . I also bought a variety of Bosch blades . I could lock in some after great effort , but some simply never would fit in . In the end , my fingers were completely cut up . I also did n't care for the lack of dust blower . The Freud comes with a vacuum attachment , but that seemed too awkward for most uses I had planned for the saw . The sight line also left a lot to be desired . I ended up paying more for the Porter Cable jigsaw , but I 'm so much happier with it and glad I made the decision quick enough to get a refund .
 I purchased my Freud FJ85 based on my previous experience with Freud products , the apparent value and the great review in Fine Woodworking magazine . Unfortunatley the saw is a piece of junk . It did not cut properly due to a faulty guide and the blade would consistently fall out . Now the saw will not even start up . When I contacted the service department via email , I received a response insinuating that I may have been lying to them when I told them that I bought it a year ago . I guess I should have gone with my first instinct and gotten the Bosch . I would n't recommend this saw to anyone .
 I probably should have read the reviews first but I could n't resist the clearance price ... I bought my first one 3 weeks ago but found that it would n't hold the universal blades so I returned it . I bought another one at a different outlet ... yesterday assuming that the more expensive Bosch blades would work . Same problem ... the blades wo n't lock in . You can remove the blade by gently pulling on it . While the price is great , the saw is useless if it ca n't keep the blade in . After reading more reviews , it looks like Bosch is the best alternative . I 'm returning this one today so there will be at least 4 in stock if anyone is interested . Just buy some duct tape to hold the blade in .
 I cut one 1 `` x3 '' piece of pine and it quit . I really need to send it in for exchange , but I 've been too busy . I better hurry before the exchange policy runs out.Don ' t buy this!I would have given this no stars if I could have .
 Although appears to be packed with features for the price , this saw is very picky about the type of U shank blades it will work with . Despite using top quality Bosch blades , the saw threw out every blade I was using . Freud stated that saw can use universal blades -- good luck ! , threw out a universal blade every time I started to cut . I have to say DO NOT buy this tool , there are many other choices . FYI - Lowes appears to have dropped them from their inventory .
 One thing I can say is this saw is well built . It mostly remained intact after I smashed it into the concrete a few times by swinging it by the cord . The foot broke off but I 'll leave the last star for it 's durability under adverse conditions . It wo n't be ruining any more of my work.This is hands down the worst tool I 've ever bought . The blade wanders left and right as well as at an angle from 90 degrees . It ca n't track a straight line and definitely ca n't cut a circle.Don ' t waste your money on this sub par knock off of a jig saw .
 If you need a jigsaw every once in awhile , this is the saw for you . If you need to use it quite a bit , this is not the saw for you . The fact that there is only 1 speed when you pull the trigger is so incredibly stupid . Yes , you can move the stupid little wheel at the top and it does work , but why not have a variable speed trigger ? That way when you need to make sure that your cut is going to be exactly where you want it to be , you can make the initial start slow , then speed up . I bought it because it was a Freud , it now sits idle in my garage while I use the Bosch at work simply because it sucks . You get what you pay for , that 's for sure . Ah yes , and I almost forgot , it comes with the dust port with a guard that is supposed to help with the dust . If you need to use it without a vac , say outside , the stupid little thing keeps falling down , holding dust ON your line which is so incredibly moronic .
 I bought the Freud FT2000EP in November 1999 . In November 2000 the motor failed . Freud replaced it with a brand new one . On October 31 , 2001 the second one failed again due to a siezed bearing . Both were used for making furniture in a router table . All precautions and warnings for proper use were observed at all times . It has a one year warranty . Good luck !
 I received the Freud Router as a gift and a set of Freud 1/2 '' bits . The 1/2 '' collet was way too small . When I finally got a bit in -LRB- w/o the collet nut in place -RRB- the bit was so tight I could n't get it out -LRB- Yes I read all the mediocre directions before doing this -RRB- . After working on it for a couple hours , I finally got the bit out . I ended up scarring up both the bit and the collet . Figuring I must be doing something moronic I took a new Freud bit and the router into a Freud distributor , the distributor ended up getting the bit stuck and had to use channel locks to remove it -LRB- yes he scarred up the bit -RRB- . I returned it ... to get a replacement . ...
 I own many Freud router blades and saw blades which I am very happy with . However , I would recommend that you AVOID this router . If you are mounting the router in a table or using it at a fixed depth -LRB- such as along an edge -RRB- , it works fine . However , it is impossible to make an accurate plunge cut with this router . As you plunge the router you will find that the motor housing and bit will rock sideways relative to the base . This will throw your cut off to one side . The deeper your cut , the greater the error.I assumed my router was defective and returned it to Freud for service -- twice . Both times , however , they sent it back to me and said it was within the tolerances acceptable to Freud . However , these tolerances are not acceptable for good woodworking . I now leave this router mounted in a table and have bought another brand for plunge cuts .
 I 've never panned a tool before but after receiving and using this router I have no choice but to put it down . First off I own 26 routers in a commercial woodworking business so I know a lot about routers . I believe I own one of every router available for sale in the United States except for the Bosch plunge models since I do n't like the way their plunge lock works . Bosch 's 1617 is a great fixed base router by the way . Here is what I find objectionable about the Freud 2000E .1 -RRB- The tool has a -LSB- bad -RSB- base plate . It 's not flat and it 's way too thin .2 -RRB- Removing the springs for router table use is a hassle . It can be done but it 's a lot more of an effort than taking them out of most other plunge routers . Also the screw that controls the router height ca n't be captured and locked between two nuts as it 's enclosed . When spinning a panel raising bit this is a desirable feature as both posts are locked by using this technique . The post that has the plunge lock and the post with the height adjustment screw . The ability to do this is available on both the Hitachi M12V -LRB- a great bargain -RRB- and the DW625 -LRB- smoothest router on the planet -RRB- 3 -RRB- The router is not smooth with large bits . I believe due to excessive run out of the arbor . If you ca n't turn large bits without excessive vibration why buy a router of this size ? ... I could n't send it back to Amazon.com since I had removed the shaft lock and ground off the tabs on the bottom of the router that had previously held the shaft lock . Shaft locks incidentally -LSB- stink -RSB- on plunge routers because with only one wrench when a progressive collet -LRB- like the one on the Freud -RRB- breaks loose you 'll end up banging a plunge post with the wrench and nicking it . Once this happens no more smooth plunges for you . Using two opposing wrenches this never happens.Here 's the real deal.For the buck the M12V simply ca n't be beat if you need variable speed so that you can turn panel raising bits . If you do n't the Hitachi TR-12 is the best plunge router deal on planet earth -LSB- and is available -RSB- here at Amazon.com . I own four of them and beat them to death every day and they never complain . The DeWalt -LRB- Elu -RRB- 625 is the best plunge router period with absolutely the smoothest plunging mechanism -LRB- critical for mortising -RRB- but has an issue with not projecting the router bit high enough in a router table . I do n't like the Bosch plungers since I feel that the router should free float until locked not the reverse which is how Bosch does it . Makita 's plunger is way too loud -LRB- their new fixed base is quiet so I do n't know why their plungers are so loud -RRB- . This is the opinion of a man who uses routers every single day and I offer it without any ax to grind .
 I thought I had accomplished a thorough review and analysis of VS plunge routers when I finally selected the Freud FT2000E 31/4 hp plunge router . Upon receipt I prepared a new table insert -LRB- having already purchased longer mounting screws -RRB- based upon another commentor 's observation , -LRB- 6mm x 12mm worked perfectly for a 1/4 in . insert plate -RRB- and then , I was ready to install a bit -LRB- Freud of course -RRB- and run a test pattern . I thought ! Much to my dismay , I discovered that the collet would not accept a Freud 1/2 in . bit . I tried another brand - same result . I removed the collet nut and using a magnifying glass , measured the inside diameter with an LED readout caliper and got a reading of 0.484375 which equates to 31/64th in . This I verified with a 31/64th drill bit . There was no way that the collet would accept a 1/2 in . router bit without applying excessive force , which , in my opinion would result in deformation of the collet at the upper end and still would not allow proper insertion of the router bit shank . So , caveat emptor folks . I will say that Amazon.com pormptly accepted my rejection of the product and authorized it 's return .
 I have been woodworking for most of my life , 64 + years now , and have owned , and used , a smaller fixed base router for the past 20 years , or so . I decided that I needed a larger plunge router and , after about a year 's research , that a Freud FT 2000EP would best suit my `` wood butcher 's '' needs . I do n't think I need , nor would I use , many of the `` bells & whistles '' found on some of the more expensive plunge routers.The router was purchased 5/22/01 . When it came from Tool Crib I unpacked it and set it up . It intimidated the hell out of me the first time I `` lit it off . '' It was so much more powerful than router I 'd ever used and it was the first plunge router I 'd ever tried . I thought `` a guy could get into trouble here . '' So I dug into the Freud manual , as far as anyone can dig into anything that skimpy , trying to get myself comfortable with the FT 2000EP 's operation . No Joy here ! My careful research had focused on quality , price and the features of the plunge routers available . I 'd not put any emphasis on operations since I thought `` how different can it be ? `` After using the router a few times , and making a few mistakes , I realized I was n't getting anywhere depending on the FT 2000EP manual for guidance . The manual is so inadequate and devoid of operating guidance as to be useless . I bought two Patrick Spielman router books and now understand the operations of my FT 2000EP better . -LRB- Freud has known of the inadequacy of their 2000 manual for some time ; or they just ignore their consumer mail & the reviews here . -RRB- If not for Spielman 's Router Basics and The New Router Handbook I 'd still be floundering with this tool chewing up wood . I now know how to , at least , set the depth of cut , properly.The router gets 5 stars , the manual should get a negative 200 stars . Worst manual I 've ever had the misfortune to see on any power tool I 've ever owned or used in the past .
 The main problem I found with the router was the poorly fitting 1/2 inch and 1/4 inch collet . Both were too large to fit standard router bits when the compression nut was in place . I had grind the hardened steel collets on a lathe -LRB- to avoid unbalancing the rapidly turning bits -RRB- to fit . The second problem I found was that the system that controls the depth of bits is sprung to high . This makes it difficult to extend the bits without using excessive force to compress the springs . The adjustment knob , usefull for fine adjustments , also requires excessive force to turn when the springs are near full compression . Because the knob compresses only one side it will jam pulling the router out of alignment . This makes it difficult to use in a table . The final major complaint is the collet doesnot extend far enough for some short router bits . In summary inexpesive but beware of its limitations .
 I put a tongue and groove edge on 1500 linear feet of eastern red cedar to make random width panel boards for my sunroom walls and trim . I purchased the Freud router since I presumed it to be heavy duty . -LRB- The work took place over several months time . I rarely ran the router more than a couple of hours a weekend . -RRB- The cedar , being very soft , surrendered to the router bits like butter to a hot knife . However , the Freud sputtered and died after about 1100 feet . It would either not hold speed against a load , or not run at all . I finished the job with a $ 39 ebay chinese import . I originally avoided the cheapie in favor of getting one that I thought would last , and I guess any thing can happen , but at least for me this unit did not make the grade . I like the layout and the controls , and the depth gauge , which is why I gave it a couple of stars . But durable ? Nah ! I 'll go for another brand if I get serious again .
 Right out of the box it rocked like a chair . I sent it right back . I gave it the benifit of doubt with a 1 star rating only because it may have some usefullness as a table mounted router provided quality throughout does n't follow suit
 I replaced my Hitachi M12V router with this Freud and was sorely disappointed . Not only is the fit and finish of this product substandard , but I had the same problem as another reviewer in that my 1/2 '' bits wo n't fit into the collet . I assumed that the other reviewer simply received a `` one of a kind '' defective router from Freud , but it looks like this problem is n't so unique . My recommendation
 This router is without a doubt the worst piece of junk on the market . The screws provided with the router to mount to a router table are a metric size not available anywhere and they are very short . Eventually I got screws from a foreign auto part store after looking for 3 weeks . Much worse , the collet is not actually a 1/2 inch , it is metric in size . This causes the bit not to sit as securely as it should , which can damage the bit and certainly is not safe . I have been working with tools for more than 25 years and this is the worst tool of any type that I have ever used . PASS IT BY for anything else .
 This router at first glance was excellent , but when you but a router to use 1/2 inch bits and they dont fit , it should tell you something.After sending it back for a replacement i recieved another defective router.If i could have recieved one with a collet that was not undersized i would have been happy but after 2 trys still am not
 This is the first router I 've actually owned -LRB- as opposed to used -RRB- . I bought it based on price and horsepower ; I am undertaking some small projects involving 3/4 '' hardwood plywood.Frankly , the quality control leaves everything to be desired.My FIRST router would not sit flat on its base - the top of the router -LRB- ~ 12 '' high -RRB- would tip 1/4 inch back and forth . The plastic sub-base appeared to be creased , so I removed it and tested it on the metal base only - same 1/4 '' tipping . They just had n't finished the base flat . Also , the speed adjustment dial was bent and would drop off and into the case when you tried to turn it . I took the plastic case apart to re-insert it in its slot , then it fell out again when I tried to adjust the speed.I returned this router for another ; Amazon shipped the replacement almost immediately and certainly before they received the old one.The replacement had the same `` tipping '' problem , but now less than 1/8 '' back and forth . I have n't removed the plastic subbase yet to check whether this is due to the same problem . The speed adjustment dial is OK on this one , but the `` Deluxe Edge Guide '' has all the paint peeling from it -LRB- I mean ALL the paint , in big chunks -RRB- and appears to be rusted -LRB- I did n't chip off the paint to check , but the metal is definitely discolored -RRB- . I have n't decided yet whether to return this router , also , or try to fix the tipping problem with some judicious filing . The edge guide will have to be repainted or discarded.Perhaps if you were to mount this router on a table these problems would n't seem that important , but for a handheld tool it just does n't work for the cutting axis to have that much play . If I decide to keep it I 'll remount the router on a new base plate of something soft -LRB- plywood ? -RRB- enough for the high spots on the base to indent the base , and let the router sit flat.The reviewers that say `` the finest tool I 've ever owned '' must have really lucked out , or have n't owned many tools . For me , two out of two major functional errors , plus two minor/cosmetic errors in manufacturing/inspection is too high a failure rate . Aside from this , the height adjustment is good , and the router seems sturdy aside from the problems mentioned above . The manual is useless ; it does n't even mention speed control at all . Overall I gave it two stars . Your mileage may vary
 I purchased this set to replace a `` wobble '' dado set because I needed something which could cut flat bottom dados . The cuts are exceptionally crisp with almost no tear out . My experience with this set is in cutting ~ 3/4 '' wide dados 3/8 '' deep in pre-finished birch plywood . I cut about 24 linear feet of dados and rabbits before I noticed that the cuts were no longer coming out flat across the entire bottom . Upon further inspection , I noticed that nearly half of the teeth on the right blade were chipped or missing all together . All of the remaining blades and chippers exhibited no signs of chipping or wear . This is very disappointing and I can not afford to spend $ 85 on a saw blade set that is so fragile . I suspect that the blade was either A -RRB- manufactured improperly or B -RRB- handled improperly -LRB- possibly dropped -RRB- at the factory which weakened the TiCO teeth and/or bonding to the blade . As a result I will be returning the set to Amazon and going back to my old `` wobble '' dado set for most of my dado needs and a router for making flat bottom dados when I require them.I have noticed that other customer reviews of Freud/Diablo blades with large tooth spacing -LRB- like their ripping blades -RRB- have also mentioned tooth loss or chipping due to the brittle nature of the TiCO teeth . I have been extremely happy with my 80/96 tooth 10 '' / 12 '' Freud Diablo blades which have very narrow tooth spacing . Perhaps I will try one of the more expensive Freud dado sets -LRB- which have more teeth on the outer blades -RRB- at some point in the future but as a hobby woodworker , I can not justify the expense at this time .
 I am using this dado set to build cabinets that are made of quarter sawn red oak . The blade works fine if you cut with the grain but is nearly useless for cutting tenons . Even when using a backer board the wood splinters at the ends . Also , the bottom of the cut is uneven . If you want quality results , look elsewhere .
 I am not very happy with this dado set . The flatness of the resultant dado , where not great , is acceptable . The main issue is that it chips and splinters . I am forced to pre-cut the sides with my Forrest blade , then install and line up the dado set . Given the hassle of switching blades , the dado usuallly just stays on the shelf.A friend has the cheaper Freud dado set and it performs better . If I had it to do over , I would spring for the next model up or a Forrest .
 Having recently purchased a FT2000 , I bought the Edge Guide attachment as well , Out of the box , the finish appeared good , but when I tried to actually run the adjustment nut in or out , I realized something was wrong with the fence , it WAS N'T seated in the slot , it was riding on top of the slot . This was due to the fact that the fence is stamped steel , not cast aluminum or something similar . After an hour with a file , I ground down the edges of the fence where they fit tightly into the slot in the guide it was designed for . While it works well enough now , I 'll be buying a Micro Fence soon . By the way , the router itself is great ! Added 5 days later
 BEWARE ! I purchased a FT2000E a couple of months ago , and recently bought the FT2010 Edge Guide attachment . Although the finish appeared fair , the fence would not seat in the slot , it was riding on top of the slot . The fence is stamped steel , and does not contain the black attachment on the fence shown in the picture . I ground down the edges of the fence until it fit and slid easily in the guide slot . While it works well enough now , the defect does indicate poor quality control by Freud . If I had bought it locally I would have taken it back to the store but it would have been more trouble than it was worth to send it back to Amazon .
 please , informe the buyer , the type of pin , and the voltage in put on all powertoos usable in diffent part of the world . thanks . Baba osman .
 I bought this Dado set on line from a woodworking supply outlet and when i recieved it i went to install it in my Dewalt DW744 contractor table saw . My saw has a 5/8 `` arbour but European blades have a 30mm or 1-1/4 `` bore , Dewalt overcomes this by supplying an outside blade washer with a 30mm protrusion which locks into the blade bore . I had two options when i bought this Dado set , i could have bought one with a 5/8 '' bore or a 30mm bore . As all my table saw blades have a 30mm bore i assumed the Dado with the 30mm bore would fit my saw . Sadly it did n`t , the two outside blades went on fine but when i tried to install some chippers between them they just sat down on the blade arbour . The outside blade washer ` s protrusion is n`t long enough to support the chippers , obviously i did n`t try to turn on the saw with this configuration . In my own defence this was my first Dado set so my knowledge of them is limited . Freud makes some assumptions with the instructions on this set , i just do n't understand how a saw with a 5/8 '' arbour can be fitted with a Dado set with a 30mm bore . I ca n't speak for other saws that are manufactured for the European market but i 'm fairly sure that they all have 5/8 '' arbours with outside blade washers with 30mm protrusions . Unless Freud are selling adaptors with a 5/8 '' bore with a 30mm outside diameter , i do n't understand why they are selling the 30mm bore Dado sets . This problem wo n't be an issue for Americans or Canadians as 5/8 '' bore tablesaw blades and Dado sets are standard in those countries.I had read the reviews of this product on Amazon and noticed that a lot of people have problems with fitting this set to their saws . I tried to install the inside blade , all the chippers and the outside blade . There just is n't enough room on the arbour , the only way i could get them to fit was to remove the inside blade washer . The inside blade washer is big , it takes up about 3/8 '' on the arbour . Dewalt might have a slimmer inside blade washer on the market . With the entire Dado set on the arbour i tried turning the set by hand and noticed that the inside blade was rubbing against the blade shield . Obviously the inside washer should not be removed , a fairly slim inside washer is a must for this Dado set on a Dewalt DW744 . I 'll have to spend money on returning the Dado set and swapping it for the set with the 5/8 '' bore . I 'm sure this is a fine Dado set once it 's compatible with your saw , Freud should include a list of compatible saws with the instructions . Colour coding the shims and chippers would be a great idea as well.I 'm updating the above , i went to my local Dewalt service centre and the technican told me that i 'd have to buy seven 30mm to 15mm reducers or send the Dado set back which would cost me nearly as much in postage as the seven reducers . I bought the reducers , this still leaves the issue of the shims being unsupported on the arbour shaft because of their 30mm bores . I 'll probably have to buy a set of shims with 15mm bores which will cost me more money . He said that Dewalt do n't have a slim inside blade washer so i 'll have to get it reduced in thickness in a machine shop if i want to get the full stack on the arbour . I 'll have to turn the outside blade washer around so that the 30mm protrusion is on the outside against the lock nut . Sounds simple enough does n't it!I ended up sending back the dado set and had it replaced with one with a 15mm bore , i also got a refund for the seven reducers i bought . I tried to fit the entire stack on the arbour and it fitted . I had to remove the inside washer and replace it with the outside washer , the nut goes on the outside of the stack . I have yet to use the stack as i have had some problems with my table saw , i would n't be surprised if there was some wobble given that the stack is unsupported on the outside apart from the blade nut . A blade stabalizer might be a good buy , i think i might also purchase a set of Veritas slotted shims which are colour coded .
 On this otherwise very good blade , I have a serious problem . I gave it 2 stars because it cuts very good . The problem is that it advertises itself as a 5/8 's arbor . It is so tight that it ruined the threads on my Delta Professional table saw . I now have to buy a new arbor -LRB- $ 65 from Delta -RRB- , plus I have to take my table saw down to fix it + plus I have to buy another dado blade . Do n't buy it . -- S
 I was very dissatisfied with this dado set . I bought mine at a local home improvement store . It claims it cuts square dadoes but it does not . The outside cutters make deeper cuts on the outside . I took it back and I am saving to buy the Super Dado or Forrest 's Dado King . Until the I will use my router with a straight bit for my dadoing needs .
 I recently bought this dado set for a cabinet project . I was very disappointed in the poor quality of the cuts . The sides of the cuts were very smooth and accurate , but the bottoms of the cuts were very uneven - even worse than simply using a 1/8 '' saw blade to make repeated passes . I 'm using this set on a new Ridgid 10 '' table saw and the fit on the arbor is extremely snug , so a loose arbor fit is n't the problem.For hidden dados where appearance or flatness is n't critical , this set is fine . But if you need smooth , even bottom cuts , like for tenon shoulders or exposed rabbets , this blade set is n't up to the task ... you 're better off using a router or tenoning jig .
 I have owned this dado set for 8 or 9 years . It has never cut very well , leaving rough bottoms with a lot of chip out . It got to the point that I used my router or router table for most dado operations , avoiding the Freud dado set altogether . I have owned other Freud blades for my table , miter , and skil saw . These blades have done a good job at a reasonable price , but this dado set has been very disappointing . I would not buy recommend it .
 I bought this a year ago , and have just recently been putting it to a lot of use . After having done several projects now , I am not all that happy with it . I bought it based on the Freud name and the price . Does it work , yes . I ca n't get flat bottom dado 's ... Every single time , my dado 's have grooving from the outer blades . This has been true with the 5 different dado widths I have cut . Bummer . . The holes in the blades are not all the same diameter , this is a minimal difference but some do n't even fit on my arbor ... Some are a bit loose ... This would probably explain the grooves left in my dado 's , and why some people have flat dado 's and some do n't ... As far as the setup chart with shims and chippers goes ... The width configurations are confusing . . This has led to a lot of time testing out shim and chipper configurations ... An example of confusing shim/stack setup is 13/32 '' and 15/32 '' have the exact same configuration , with no further explanation ... So what is the real measurement of stack A+B+C+D+S 1 + S2 if two measurements are given ? It would have been a lot better to get an actual cut width and ply width designation . It can be figured out , but wastes time . I have the Forrest WWII as my main blade , which has now set my standard for blades ... even with it 's high cost , it ends up being well worth it in the long run . . I would not recommend this Freud dado setup for a profesional result , and look forward to buying the Forrest dado set . The best solution to this Freud dado stack setup is to take an hour or two and cut all the dado combinations on to one piece of wood . That way you have this stick to test all of your pieces and quickly the proper stack setup for your project . It is cheap though , so if that gets you cutting dado 's , get it!I did find much more correct dado stack setups at the Freud site . The chart I recieved with my purchase did not have the same information , so they must have figured this out and revised it online . I hope this one IS correct . http://www.freudtools.com/images/manuals/Chipper-Chart.pdfHappy wood working !
 I just ordered this $ 54.88 diamond tile grout blade . I received an empty package with no blade . Good job Amazon - you stole my money and now give BS on the return ...
 Photo on the ad looked great -- Good looks at what seemed a fair price . I thought I was getting 3-dimensional ornamentation on this fan . Instead what arrived was a cheap design that was stamped on . Fan itself is not of high quality . I have had much better looking and performing fans for less money . I would not buy from this company unless I actually saw the product in person and in operation .
 I ordered the Campbell Hausfeld HV2000 based on the pic on Amazon 's website and discussions with the folks at Campbell Hausfeld . The CH people told me that this model has the MP3311 spray gun -LRB- this is what is pictured -RRB- . So I went ahead and ordered it.The gun that came with the unit was a lower quality gun that would come with HV1000 series systems . It had an aluminum cup and tip ... but that was it . The rest of the gun was plastic . Very cheap . Very disappointing . I could have purchased this same unit at home depot for much less.Note that the 1-star rating is not due to the performance of the unit as I never bothered to use it . I used a CH HVLP in the past and was happy with it 's performance.This one is going back to Amazon , and I 'll order the HV2500 instead .
 As a woodworker with a full spray booth and professional equipment , I was looking for something portable to repair a damaged panel on a job site -LRB- Movers dropped a large object against sequenced panels -RRB- . I was hoping to tape off the area and blend the finish . I tested the machine in my shop spray booth first , and I am glad I did . Put it this way , unless you are using this to water your plants forget using this machine . Anything you attempt to spray through this must have the consistancy of filtered drinking water . It either spits out clumps or it works like the Miracle Grow fertalizer gun on your garden hose . Save your money . Lastly clean up is a disaster .
 I purchased the CH HVLP sprayer as an alternative to a compressor plus gun setup for spraying clear finishes as well as interior trim paint . The previous CH products that I had purchased had been great . This one has been a great disappointment.First , the transfer of material to the surface being painted appears to be about as inefficient as a normal high pressure sprayer . This is especially true when spraying higher viscosity coatings that require more airflow in order to move them . The second issue is the fineness of the spray pattern . This unit produces a pretty rough and uneven pattern compared with other units . The air supply hose is a real handicap as it is not only too stiff for easy use , but it has a really nasty chemical smell that just does n't go away.Summary , I have a CH compressor , an airless sprayer and this HVLP . I can reccommend the first two without hesitation . This last is just not worth it . Get a Fuji , Apollo or perhaps the top of the line Wagner . They are all $ 500 or more , but at least they do the job .
 I own this sprayer and it is not woth the money . You can not get a fine spray pattern from this unit . The air cap is poorly machined and the turbine does not supply enough CFM . Spend more money and get an Accuspray system .
 Agreed with all the folks who mention that the blades are very expensive . I would think that Fein or some other blade company could make a fortune if they made a better blade at half the price . Also agree that I never would have bought the Fein Multimaster had I realized that the blades were so expensive . I find myself looking to other cutting tools instead of using the Multimaster . At some point I will look at replacement tools where the blades are cheaper . Probably soon .
 Blades are over priced and cheaply made . I made 2 possibly 3 cuts with a fresh blade and it is completely worn out . $ 15 per blade in 3 packs of total $ 45 is way too expensive for the blades . I would not recommend Fein multimaster and blades to anyone , especially to my construction peers . In fact , I would give their blades -- -LRB- double negatives -RRB- stars .
 These blades are very expensive . They should not be used in a situation where the sides will hit against something because the teeth on the sides will break off . For unobstructed trimming they work great . So the performance was disappointing as I used both the wide and narrow blade for only a couple hours and the blades lost a significant number of teeth . I returned them and got the standard blades and have had no problems . Cutting speed is a bit slower , but the over all performance is much better . I used them on Dour Fir for mortises . If one were to use them for precision cutting where the sides did not contact other material they may work fine . It appears to me that the teeth are too long for the hardness which the steel needs to be to maintain the cutting edge and are brittle and the force generated by the oscillations is great and therefore breaks them off rather quickly . Where as the standard blade have the teeth size such that they can withstand the forces generated . A little longer cut time is worth the time saved by the amazing operations that would normally take a lot longer . And the standard blades in a 3 pack are much more affordable however still over priced . But they have no competition and until that changes or there are 3rd party suppliers of their blades ...
 The multimaster is a great tool but the blades are a real disappointment . Bought a set of these even higher priced blades with the expectation that they would last longer and went through two of them in a matter of hours . The teeth are just weak and wear out or break off easily . I was doing nothing more than cutting 2x4 's and some 3/4 '' pine subfloor and 1/3 of the teeth just broke off on one and the other dulled so quickly that it just started burning through the wood . So much for spending more . These blades need to drop in price by a lot or be re-engineered for reliability and longevity .
 The Fein tool is one of the best investments I 've ever made in tools ; it has accomplished things that no other tool would , e.g. cutting through 2 '' thick 100 + year old heart pine -LRB- it pings when hit with a hammer , it 's so hard -RRB- . Not with these blades , though ! These began to break teeth off within minutes of use on SOFT new pine . I 've had the tool for several years now and used it for countless tasks but , even having so much experience with it , I thought I might be twisting or pressing on this blade somehow . It did n't matter how careful I was , though , teeth continued to break off until only about a third were left.These cost over $ 11 per blade and they bear the Fein brand , so they should be as useful as the other blades Fein makes . My guess is that the teeth were hardened but not tempered , so they 're brittle and will never be able to do what the tool itself is designed to do.Too late for me to return them , as I loved the tool so much I bought a bunch of different sawing blades to have on hand and just got around to using these . The quality is definitely not up to Fein quality and it makes the company look bad . I can not recommend these at all , consider them a total waste of $ 36 , and wish I could rate them a zero .
 I agree totally with many other reviewers . Great tool , but theseblades are very expensive considering that the teeth break off veryvery easily . To make a blade last , you must really use the `` whiteglove '' treatment , otherwise one blade equals one cut . Too bad , i lovethis tool , but will use it only as a last resort because of blade expense .
 The Fein Multimaster is an indispensable tool . Not perfect but It is much better than any of the other brands . However , the blades are greatly overpriced . They vibrate a lot , burn the wood , can break , and dull easily . That would be OK if they were inexpensive so that you could replace them as often as needed . Ca n't wait until another manufacturer comes up with an inexpensive good blade . No one will buy Fein blades anymore .
 use only universal e-cut blades - those made for wood or metalthese blades dull too quickly and do n't hold upand are too expensive as well
 These blades are very expensive . They should not be used in a situation where the sides will hit against something because the teeth on the sides will break off . For unobstructed trimming they work great . So the performance was disappointing as I used both the wide and narrow blade for only a couple hours and the blades lost a significant number of teeth . I returned them and got the standard blades and have had no problems . Cutting speed is a bit slower , but the over all performance is much better . I used them on Dour Fir for mortises . If one were to use them for precision cutting where the sides did not contact other material they may work fine . It appears to me that the teeth are too long for the hardness which the steel needs to be to maintain the cutting edge and are brittle and the force generated by the oscillations is great and therefore breaks them off rather quickly . Where as the standard blade have the teeth size such that they can withstand the forces generated . A little longer cut time is worth the time saved by the amazing operations that would normally take a lot longer . And the standard blades in a 3 pack are much more affordable however still over priced . But they have no competition and until that changes or there are 3rd party suppliers of their blades ...
 I never would have purchased a Fein tool had I any idea about the blade pricing . I am a general contractor and window installer and can not afford to use two $ 60.00 blades per job . The blades are not durable and will be destroyed when used on fiberglass . The tool is left useless in my garrage due to the blade pricing . I think making replacement blades for the Fein at half the price may be a better business venture .
 Works great for a few cuts in soft wood . Way too expensive to replace , worth about 25 % the price .
 I have been a carpenter and cabinet maker for over 30 years and have used many tools . For the money , this tool rates at the bottom . It has enormous vibration that will fatigue the user quickly and the on/off switch is put in the worst possible location . It is impossible to use this tool without inadvertently turning it off . It is one of the most annoying tools I have ever used . It does , however , do a decent job of dustless sanding , but at a stiff price both in money and comfort . Do yourself a huge favor and buy the Bosch 6 inch random orbit sander model 1250 DEVS . I bought the Bosch at the same time and use it over the Fein 9 times out of 10 . And the Bosch is $ 500.00 cheaper . The Bosch has much less vibration and has a non orbit mode that takes material off fast and is much less fatiguing than the Fein .
 I purchased the 8 '' model to speed up the sanding process on large timber beams . I was very disappointed . When I started using the sander I found it very difficult to control as it vibrated a lot . I decided to call customer service to see if there was something wrong with this unit or not , but they never called me back after I left a message with an actual person . In the mean time I kept using the sander until the pad tore loose from the motor . This macine felt very cheaply constructed for its price . It was about the same quality as I expect from Harbor Freight tools . Also the on/off switch is in a terrible location . Thanks to Amazon and its great customer service for allowing me to retun it for a full refund as it was clearly defective .
 If you have been using cheap orbital sanders , the Fein will be a big improvement . For about four years , I have been using the Festool 6 '' Rotex 150 but it goes through motor brushes about every year . So , I thought a change was in order . I bought the Fein sander hoping not only to solve the motor brush problem but maybe improve over the Festool . There is absolutely no comparison . The Festool is a far better sander.Controling the Fein is difficult at best . When sanding narrow pieces like a cabinet face frame , the Fein jumps around . When sanding larger areas , the Fein sucks down onto the work piece making it more difficult to move . Long periods of sanding with the Fein are a struggle . The Fein is aggresive but , when you want less agressive sanding , you do n't have a choice since it is only one speed not variable . I am especially disappointed in the amount of vibration the Fein has . The worse thing of all is the poor quality when sanding with high grit paper for the final pass . One other downer is the high cost and lack of availability of sand paper for the Fein . And if all that is n't enough , I emailed Fein regarding problems trying to register my sander online for the extra 2 year warranty . I never heard from them . By the way , I spoke with a Fein representative prior to buying the sander and told him I already have a Festool . He said Fein is the best . So much for honest salesmanship.If you do n't want the above problems , go with Festool . The motor brush problem is the only down side and that might just be a problem with the one I have . Other people have told me they have never changed motor brushes in their Festool sander . The price is about the same on both sanders .
 I bought this sander packaged with Fein 's vacuum a couple years ago . The vacuum I have to say is great . Quiet and dust free . Indeed , the raves from others here about the dustless aspects probably have more to do with the vacuum itself rather than the sander . For instance , I also own a 5 '' Bosch random orbit sander , and when I use it with the Fein vacuum , it also results in nearly dust-free operation . That 's not to say there are n't sanders out there that even when hooked up to a good vacuum , let dust escape from the sides , I 'm sure there are.The sander has a long cord , so you do n't need an extension cord when using it with the vacuum . It 's extremely powerful -LRB- an advantage when you need it , a drawback when you do n't -RRB- . Now on to the disadvantages ... No variable speed , so no way to turn the power down . I do n't know about the other users here , but when I 'm sanding something with 220 grit and higher , I almost never want the sander operating at full speed . When sanding drywall I only use this sander for the first phases , because on finishing coats , it gouges too easily . Variable speed circuitry is almost ubiquitous throughout the industry , used by all major manufacturers on many different types of tools . Why Fein would leave this basic feature off this expensive tool puzzles me.This sander vibrates excessively . If you use it all day you will get numbness . There 's a reason Amazon includes vibration dampening gloves under accessories . In fact , I think it may be this vibrating that caused the sanding pad to dislodge from the rotating head after about a year and a half . I called Fein , but it was n't under warranty anymore . They said I would have to buy a new head , so I just epoxied the pad back on . I have n't had a problem with it since , but this is something that should n't have happened . It 's not like I use this tool every day.The sander does seem a bit loud for a random orbit . I almost always wear hearing protection , but it may be a concern if others are in the area . Sometimes I do jobs in an office space during business hours , or in someone 's home where a child might be taking a nap . For these reasons I try to support manufacturers that take db levels into account when engineering tools . As I said , the vacuum is relatively quiet , in fact it 's the quietest industrial shop type vacuum I 've ever heard , and even quieter than a lot of indoor house vacuums . With regards to the sander however , it seems like Fein did n't even try to quiet it down.Not enough tools come with cases these days , and at this price a case would be nice . Which brings me to price . I bought mine in a package deal with a Fein TurboII vacuum for about $ 580 in 2005 , and I feel I was ripped off . I do n't mind paying a premium price for a premium product . Maybe I should have gone the Festool route . I see now that this Fein 6 '' sander is selling for over $ 400 ? Unbelievable.It 's not that this sander ca n't perform certain tasks well . If I have to strip some rust or peeling paint off of something fast , I bust out the Fein . It will get the rough jobs done . In fact , I did a job where I needed to strip some old glue and stains off of a concrete floor . I rented a floor edger with 20 grit paper . It worked pretty well , but made a huge mess . It would have been great to keep the dust down , but I do n't know if I can get 8-hole 20 grit 6 '' discs for the Fein . The lowest Amazon lists under Accessories for this sander is 80 grit . In my estimation , 80 grit is about the highest you 'd want to go with this sander . I 'd call it a demo sander -LRB- as in `` demolition '' , for those of you not involved in the trades -RRB- . Positives : - Dust free-Powerful , fastNegatives : - No variable speed-Poor vibration dampening-Poor quality head attachment -LRB- see above -RRB- - Loud-No case-Extremely expensive
 This blade cuts through wood like a hot knife through butter , but it is extremely fragile . I actually shattered mine when changing blades , not in actual use . The spring loaded mounting system snapped shut on the blade and it broke into several fragments . I own a lot of expensive tools and I take care not to abuse them , so I do n't think this was a case of gross operator error . Disappointing for such an expensive blade .
 This blade shattered around the hub after two uses . I liked the design but will not purchase it again .
 I expected a lot more from the Fein tool , it would be one of the best tools I own but the blades are junk and expensive .
 I purchased a Fen tool when they first came out and while the tool is a wonderful concept , and does cutting jobs that are difficult with other saws , the cost , life and durability of replacement blades is ridiculous.I quickly ran out of the blades that came with the kit because they wore out extremely fast just cutting soft wood trim . I ordered two replacements blade from Amazon and although they were very expensive , they wore out just as fast as the blades that came with the Fein tool kit.I then went to Harbor Freight and bought a fine tooth Japanese trim saw to finish the job I was doing on flooring base boards and and door jams so that I could install a new oak floor.Until Fein brings down their prices on their blades , and improves the quality of the blades , that Fein tool of mine will remain a very expensive paperweight .
 This rasp is OK only . It is well-coated with abrasive and that abrasive seems to be uniform -LRB- maybe 40 grit -RRB- and durable . Unfortunately , the base metal is thin aluminum that bends with the slightest pressure . Had Fein made this rasp out of steel , this would be a 5-star product . However , considering the price and the fact that the rasp is so delicate , I 'd call it a fake product . Fein could have done better .
 Just two things you need to know about this blade :1 . Does an incredible job removing grout . Ca n't get better than this .2 . Blade only lasts for one 1 ' x 1 ' tile !!! So if you 're thinking about redoing a bathroom or something , forget it , it 's way too expensive.To me it defeats the purpose of having such an amazing tool if it 's not cost effective and practical to use it.Can ' t help but feel disappointed . They just want you to blow money on this stuff .
 Blade never finished removing grout from the first tile . The blade was useless . The original blade that came with my kit worked 100 % better , and it was almost completely worn off . I agree with most reviewers the cost of the blades are to high , I check e bay daily for deals and buy when available . Othrerwise the Fein Multimaster is a great tool for the home handyman
 This is a great tool that does lots of jobs . Unfortunately the blades are not up to the task . I use this tool for my remodel and repair business . I have had several different blades that get hot , get dull and do n't work for long . I used this blade brand new to remove grout from a 32x32 tile shower pan . Before the job was finish I noticed that ALL of the carbide was gone from the blade . I was not forcing the tool . I do n't mind paying more for the blades but I do expect that they will last for several jobs , not several blades per job ! Fein has a serious quality problem that needs to be addressed .
 I borrowed the multimaster tool from a friend to remove the grout around floor tiles in my bathroom . The bathroom is 9x8 with 12 inch tiles , and it took 2 of these blades to complete the job , and I also had to use a manual grout removal tool to actual get all of the grout out . I ca n't say that the multimaster did n't help at all , but it is definitely no miracle grout removal tool . I used the multimaster to cut into the grout ; then used the manual tool to scrape out the remainder of the grout . It took 6 hours to finish removing the grout , and I did n't waste any time.Both of the blades ended up going from round to almost rectangular once I was done , and more importantly , the star shape where the blade attaches to the tool wobbled out to the point where the blade would not stay tight to the tool rendering it completely useless . I had to take the blade off and rotate it so that it attached via the remaining good points.If you plan to use it for one tile at a time , then you might get 36 tiles or so use out of it . I my case -LRB- $ .78 per tile or 2 blades @ $ 40 + -RRB- it may have been a bit cheaper for me to just replace all of the tiles!As a side note , my friend had already returned 2 DOA tools to Fein , and this one started making some not so encouraging sounds after only 4 hours of use . You would expect a tool that costs as much as this does to be a little more reliable.Just be forewarned that you WILL be replacing the blades often if you plan to do a bunch of grout work . However , it will take some of the work out of removing the grout if you 're willing to pay the price .
 This replacement carbide blade did not last for more than a tile or two ; hardly able to do the entire shower bottom . I had been using a grout blade that I purchased as part of a kit that lasted a long time . The single blade purchased -LRB- part no. 6 35 02 118 0 16 -RRB- looked exactly like the original and was manufactured by Fein , unfortunately it was made with carbide on an aluminum blade . This aluminum blade shed it 's carbide and failed quickly . The original was carbide on a ferrous blade .
 Not as robust as I first thought . Does n't last that long and when applying pressure it tends to warp . Not for commercial application .
 It is a toy . Do not waste your money . The thing was history after removing one 8x8 tile . I wish Fein made a diamond blade .
 Mine lasted several years and then would no longer hold a charge for more than a couple of hours shelf life ... . lots less if used even light duty.Can not find a replacement battery . User manual for some reason advises against battery replacement.What a waste of resources !
 This was a gift to me because I have difficulty using a screwdriver manually . I think I used this 5-6 times before the battery would no longer charge . A waste of money for anyone .
 I 'm generally not inclined to write reviews , but when something is touted as strongly as this item and fails to meet even minimal expectations , then the urge overcomes.First , to repeat a previous posting , this 12 '' saw comes with a 5/8 '' spindle/arbor . You can not find a 12 '' blade in the US with a 5/8 '' hole ; they 're * all * 1 '' which is what they should be . You can buy an adaptor but these are not readily available -LRB- at the time of this writing , Amazon is out of stock -RRB- . I drove to a variety of stores in Atlanta , before going to a specialty store -LRB- Highland Hardware -RRB- and put about 100 miles on the car . Unfortunately this comment was n't on the site when I purchase the unit , or I would have moved on to something else.An interesting aside here is that Amazon has , as one of the recommended accessoies for this unit , a Diablo 44-tooth blade , which I bought with this saw -LRB- trusting the recommendation -RRB- . It , of course , has a one inch spindle hole . Amazon does * not * show the need for a reduction bushing to use this blade , and certainly did n't ship one with it , so it would work with this unit.In attempting to change the blade I discovered , in stages , that a spring retention bushing for the saw guard was missing and , in fact had never been installed in the assembly . In short , the internal spring slipped out of its housing and scratched the outer surface as I attempted to execute the blade replacment instructions . The only solution to this -- return the entire unit to Amazon -LRB- since this is an Australian unit made in China and there are no local dealers -RRB- for a replacement . -LRB- I waited too long to unpack the unit and lost the option to simply return it -- lesson learned . -RRB- I also discovered the blade was n't true to the frame . The instruction booklet that comes with the unit `` shows '' how to adjust this . However , the color photos are dark and blurry so it 's almost impossible to make out what they 're saying . And , rather than indicate on the photo what they 're referring to , they use numbers from a drawing on another page -LRB- not sequentially numbered , so you have to search that picture for the number they 're mentioning -RRB- . I could go on , but the long and short of it is -- pay a few extra dollars and purchase a unit where luck does n't factor into whether it 's assembled correctly , and you do n't have to track down 5/8 to 1 inch bushings at $ 3.50 a pop , every time you want to change a blade .
 This saw comes with a 5/8 '' arbor to mount the blade . It is almost impossible to find replacement blades . Most 12 '' mitre saws use a 1 '' arbor to mount the blades . I sent the saw back without even using it due to the blade issue .
 This unit came out of the box with the vertical travel stop broken off the housing . The material that it was cast from appears to be some kind of low-grade aluminum . -LRB- We called it pot metal when I was a kid -RRB- The unit does n't look nearly as good in actuality as it does in the picture . I had it back in the box within 20 minutes of the time it arrived . Return procedure to Amazon was excellent , however ! I had a shipping label printed out and on the box in just a few minutes . I elected to drop the box at a UPS drop point rather than have them pick it up , which actually made things easier for me .
 This saw is built for the occasional user . Upon opening the saw , concealed damage had occured at some point to the saw arm . A piece of metal had broken off and was laying in the box . Amazon made it easy to return the item for full credit . I purchased the saw because it had some features that I did not have with my previous saw , nameley the laser guide . Even with the lights out , I could barely see the laser line . If you are going to purchase this saw , lower your expectations and you may like this product .
 I used this unit for two weeks and found it to be nothing but junk . It sprayed like an airless sprayer -LRB- just spit out the finish -RRB- which is useless for woodworking . I returned the unit and bought a Graco from my local paint store . Although the Graco cost twice the price it works like a charm.In looking back I should have tried a Fuji or Apollo before spending the extra money on the Graco . From what I have heard they work just as well
 I purchashed the 2600 from Amazon to use in my custom entertainment center cabinet business . Most of my finishes are of stained maple using stain and poyyurethane top coat . Out of the box this unit performed great for the first couple of times . I sprayed the stain with perfect control and blended the color perfectly . The poly finish coats went on smooth as silk . Over spry was a little more that I expected , but much less that the conventional syphon spray rig used previously.I was very disappointed with the check valve which was difficult to clean and being small and delicate was easy to loose , which I did after about the forth cleaning . I installed a new tube and used it without the check valve for several weeks , but had to be careful not to tip the gun or overfill the cup or I got gobs of spray on the project.I tried to get a replacement for the check valve , but all the listed parts dealers were mostly small lawn mower shops , and when I call them they said they no longer support the Wagner Product.Last week I had a major failure with the turbine compressor and the motor burned up . I called the factory for support and they informed my they do not have any factory support , no longer make this unit and I had to call someone on the warranty list for help . Everyone on the list I called no longer support the product . Looks like I am `` up the creek `` My advice is to pay a little more money and get a product that will perform , but can get support for the product . These things do weare and get damaged through normal use and product support is essential . I am experienced at spray applications , and although the product did perform extremly well for the price , without support it is worthless . Do n't waste your money !
 I have been very happy with my Soft Spray 2600 . I use it in a small custome furniture shop and it works as advertized . However when I went to the Wagner Web Site to order repair parts my experience was unacceptable . I ordered two packings which each about the size of a half cigarette filter and weigh less . The Wagner Store On line charged me $ 9.95 for shipping . After one month they have finally arrived destroyed because the were not properly packed . When I contacted Wagner they said they are not responsible because the `` Wagner On Line Store '' which is reached via there web site , uses their name and logo , and is identical in appearence to the Wagner web site is a different company . Enough said , if it looks like a duck , walks like a duck and quacks like a duck it is a duck to the consumer . Beware of Wagner support .
 This is a reasonably nice product with abysmal documentation . I 've used it with several different materials with success.However , I 'm preparing to spray some waterborne lacquer and the product manufacturer suggested a 1mm tip diameter . So I went looking for one.I spent a half hour searching the documentation and Wagner 's multiple web sites for replacement tips . The standard tip is a # 3 , so a reasonable person would think there must be a # 1 and # 2 , but noooo , # 3 is it . Not only that , a replacement # 3 tip is $ 32 and the air cap is $ 59 ! Not surprising I suppose when they charge $ 1.99 for a 5-cent lock washer.I 'm retired from aerospace and a $ 600 toilet seat is looking like a real bargain.If it were n't for the aforementioned problems , I would probably give this unit 4 or 5 stars .
 On my workbench the straight rails that form the frame for this kit have warped over the past two years , twisting about 10-15 degrees so that the sliding doors are no longer held in place . Also the drawers and sliding doors are rather flimsy .
 This was a present so I ca n't complain too much . I do n't want to hurt the givers feelings.Man ! All I can say is Sjobergs , lose the Particle Board ! I 'd pay whatever it takes to get at least plywood . I 'm going to customize and build my own plywood drawer bottoms , leg supports and table back . No more Sjobergs for me !
 I use the Fein sander constantly as I build my Cozy MkIV aircraft
 This paper sands well when new but clogs quickly with plastic paints and the grain coverage seems less dense than many papers . Overall it is about average but due to the unique size and no real alternative brands , its a premium price for average paper .
 I use the Fein sander constantly as I build my Cozy MkIV aircraft
 I use the Fein sander constantly as I build my Cozy MkIV aircraft
 This paper sands well when new but clogs quickly with plastic paints and the grain coverage seems less dense than many papers . Overall it is about average but due to the unique size and no real alternative brands , its a premium price for average paper .
 I 've been using this bench for 1.5 years and am moderately happy with the functionality of the bench . However , as other reviewers noted , the legs are low quality and inadequate . Also , the metal shaft on the vises has started to rust.The included bench dogs and hold down that came with my bench are nice.My biggest complaint about this bench is that it really is n't very stable for handwork . When hand sawing , the whole bench rocks front to back badly . I guess I could build a new set of legs for the bench , but if I had time for that then I 'd go all the way and build my own bench from scratch .
 As noted the top is relatively thin but solid . The primary shortcoming of my bench was a significant crown over the width of the bench which if not corrected or compensated for wrecks havoc with layouts and precision work . The surface is low and leg spacing close requiring fabrication of additional front to back support to eliminate tilting and to elevate the surface . The vise guide tubes are more vunerable to corrosion than most metal tools in my shop .
 I was completely disappointed with this workbench . First the packaging was completely inadequate . There were gouges in the top of the workbench . The metal for the vises was rusty and the apron that the vises used was cracked rendering the vises unoperable . Their were knots on the top of the workbench . While this might not be bad in itself the manufacturers chose to use the knotted wood for the bench dog holes . There is a knot directly adjacent to the bench dog hole . I do n't know how this would hold up over time . I have returned the item without replacement .
 I 'm a weekend wood worker . My aim is to make high quality furniture out of fine hardwoods . Results show that I am not a good aim , but I enjoy practice and I am getting better . I was really dissapointed in the quality of this bench . In this day and age $ 350.00 does not get you much - but the Sjobergs SJ1600 is still way over priced at $ 350.00 . Function is a bench 's purpose in life - I do n't believe this bench will funtion in the long run . I sent it back ; here 's why . The support legs are thin pine , knots everywhere - in the middle of a cross cut , or a tennon - and so green that it is still wet to the touch . The top is clear wood , I think Beech , but is poorly finished , feels like a thin coat of a water based lacquer was applied , it left a fuzzy surface that will absorb adhesives . The top is only about 1 '' thick . The 2-1/2 '' side skirt is butt joined to the end skirt , but the two do n't actually meet - the skirt is not really structural and it does not strengthen the top . The vises inspired no confidence . When the bench is assembled , it not only feels cheap , but it looks cheap .
 I only rated this a 1 star because I 'm hoping to help the average rating get down to 2 stars which is where it really belongs . Most of the other ratings are pretty accurate . I wish I had read them first but I notice today that sometimes this item has reviews and sometimes it does n't . The first several times I went to review it it said I was first . I do n't get that , but whatever . Ok here goes.This would be a good bench for say $ 200-250 . At $ 369 or so it is seriously overpriced . The packaging is really inadequate . My bench top arrived with some cosmetic gouges on the sides . Since they were on the sides and not too bad I 'd did n't bother sending it back . Not that I can imagine it would help . I expect it is pretty unusual to get an undamaged top given the box it comes in.The top as others have said is not really that thick . It has trim to make it look impressive . The legs are pretty much a joke . Pine 2x4 studs would be an upgrade . The top is only attached by two lag bolts . That said , it does n't feel as flimsy as I expected . I do plan on doing some reinforcing.I would have returned it but I 've been procrastinating for years to build my own workbench and I just have n't gotten around to it and have used makeshift benches . This is a step up from that just nowhere near as big a step as I had hoped when I order it .
 I just received this product . The cutout in the shade is too large for the bulb and falls over the bulb . The rings do not have any way of going thru the hole above each socket , as they are solid rings . I am wondering if the picture is in error , and the rings should act like washers to hold the fixture , but they are so tight , I ca n't get them around the base of the fixture . If I ca n't resolve this , the lights will have to be returned .
 This is a nice plane but the rear handle is too small for my hand . That makes it uncomfortable to use . I will try to find a larger handle or it will make a nice gift for a smaller person .
 I had a Stanley plane that I bought maybe 10 years ago and it truly was a fantastic little plane . It did n't need much tweaking to get it to perform nicely . Unfortunately I sold it when I had to move a year ago . This new Stanley block plane I just purchased is different ... in a bad way . The plane must be totally outsourced in my estimation as the machining of the body looks like it was machined with a swirling cinder block . I should have returned it but being the die-hard that I am I figured I would `` fix '' it . Four sheets of 80 grit wet/dry and tired arms to get the sole and sides of the plane to even look good let alone flat is discouraging . But I will press on . One thing on a positive note , the iron seems to be of quality steel -LRB- the iron is manufactured in England -RRB- . After working on it for a while I was able to get it razor sharp and I 'm sure it will work as intended . Another plus is this plane is overall a bit larger and heavier than my earlier version Stanley plane , that 's a good thing . If you intend to purchase this plane be prepared to put in some serious effort to make it perform like it should .
 The edge of the blade is not at 90 degree , the deviation is enormous and can be seen by eye , something like 1 mm difference if measured along the sides . I think this confirms the absence of any quality outsorting noticed by other reviewers .
 Bought it to throw into my helper 's tool bag . Definetly not for precision work . Lock is flimsy , blade is thin , takes a lot of effort to set the blade depth to just where you want it . If you want a real block plane , go Veritas or Lie Nielsen !
 I have a small office with 4 staff and we had the tenant improvments done just 18 months ago and needless to say , the toilet seat snapped right in half on one of the arms tonight without any pressure . I do n't think I have ever seen a toilet seat break like that . They obviously use a cheap plastic when molding them . I would not recomment this seat although it is the only one I have been able to find to replace it with unfortunately .
 I needed a small block plane , so headed to Lowe 's to pick on of these up . They had 2 in stock
 As others have said , this block plane is not shipped in a form that is usable . Mine came with a very rough concave sole -LRB- as though someone without much skill flattened it with a 10-inch 20-grit drum sander -RRB- , the mouth was so poorly made that the blade would not descend beyond the sole , and the movable gate needed some work.Here is what I did to get a descent plane :1 -RRB- Using a plate glass & sandpaper lap , I flattened the sole . 100 and 150 grit did the trick . Took 3 hours .2 -RRB- With a mill file I worked the mouth so that the blade would sit down properly and protrude below the sole . This meant removing a bump and some material where the blade rests just back of the opening . The blade , because it is thin , still flexes a bit when clamped and rises up , so there is still a little work I need to do . About 30 minutes of effort ... so far . I think this is the most important modification I 've had to do .3 -RRB- The sliding gate fore of the mouth needed some file work to smooth its trailing edge ; it appears to have been sheared . Five minutes was enough here .4 -RRB- Honed the blade , but that is a requirement for all planes.The plane seems pretty good now . I 'm still working to find the right tension on the clamp ; too little and it moves during use , shifting the blade laterally and altering the cut ; too much and the vertical adjustment screw turns only with much force.So , as a kit for a plane , 4 stars . As a ready-to-use plane , 0 stars . I gave it the average of the two .
 Stanley used to make a good plane . In fact , I bought this plane as an addition to a Stanley block plane I have owned for 30 years , which has given excellent service all that time . This plane , however , is a piece of junk . The casting was so poorly done that the sole of the plane was not flat , and spurs left over from the casting that had not been machined off prevented the plan from nesting in the plane body so that the blade had adequate throat clearance . I sent it back to Stanley for a refund and bought a competitor 's plane.If you are , like me , a carpenter and cabinetmaker , and need a good block plane , do n't consider this one .
 not as well built as the older ones , the lock lever bent within the first few uses .
 The reviews were mixed on this item , there were more positives than negatives so I decided to give it a try . The first thing I discovered was than the plane was made in Mexico . Just like other brand name tools , Stanley has taken their manufacturing of what used to be quality tools to foreign countries . No OHSA , no EPA , no vacation , no overtime pay , no employee benefits of any kind , just long hours until you drop dead and there is always someone waiting to take your place . SHAME ON YOU STANLEY ! There are just as many Mexicans in the U.S. as there are in Mexico so they did n't have to move there . Now for the tool , ... like others who expected a little quality in the tool , I found none . I fully expected to have to lap the sole of the plane , you have to do that with any new or vintage plane . It took a good hour of lapping to get the sole reasonably flat . The blade of course had to be honed as well . Upon reassembly I discovered that the blade does NOT extent below the mouth of the tool unless the mouth adjustment is set so the mouth is fully extended . Close it up just half way and the cutter jams against the mouth . So my question to Stanley is why is there an adjustable mouth when it is totally useless ? With the mouth fully opened up you can extend the blade to take a fine shaving , provided you have flattened the sole and honed the blade . The lateral adjustment is a joke as well . I had already flattened the soul and honed the blade before discovering the flaw with the mouth so I ca n't return it . My advise is buy a good vintage plane or one of the higher end planes unless you wanted to drop $ 40.00 bucks for a paper weight .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK . Instead , find a higher quality plane , say something in the $ 2 - $ 4 range . You 'll be happier and better off.My overall opinion of this thing is that `` Quality Control '' simply consisted of making sure it fit in the package it came in . I gave it one star ONLY because it is n't possible to give it a negative number of them . This overpriced piece of junk deserves somewhere around a negative two or three stars.A few weeks back I needed a low angle block plane to finish some projects I was making as Christmas gifts , and I bought this one based on -LRB- A -RRB- the multple good reviews , and -LRB- B -RRB- the relatively low price.I wish I had saved my money and bought almost anything else.It arrived a day earlier than expected -LRB- good job , Amazon ! -RRB- , and the packaging was nice . That 's about all I can say that 's positive about this plane.Before I explain the problems with this plane , I have been doing woodworking for more than 35 years , and I fully understand that you will have to do a lot of `` tuning '' on virtually any plane you buy , new or used . Also I own and use eight other planes - one Wood River , four Groz , one Craftsman -LRB- from about 1940 -RRB- , one Worth -LRB- an `` antique '' from the early 1900 's - I think -RRB- , and one really ancient Stanley from before 1910 . ALL of them are superior to this piece of junk . Now to the sad part.First , instead of being flat to withing + / - 0.003 '' -LRB- or so -RRB- , the sole was cupped more than 3/64 '' at the throat , with a particularly obvious downward curve of the throat causing the throat to be > 3/64 '' away from any level surface.Second , the blade had been better sharpened than the blade in some other planes I have bought . However it also had either a large nick or a void in that sharpened edge , and I had to grind off around 1/16 '' before I could sharpen it properly.Third , The adjustable throat had one particularly sticky spot in it that required careful filing and smoothing before the adjusable throat could be adjusted.Fourth , the keyway in the hold-down cap was so badly done that I had to take a drill and a file to it in order to enlarge it enough so that the screw head could pass through it . Until I did that , it was possible to remove the blade for sharpening ONLY by removing the screw completely.Fifth and finally , the finish was nice but was a bit on the sloppy side , and I was not impressed with it at all.Thinking it over , I should have returned this piece of junk as soon as I opened it , but it was already too close to Christmas to take a chance on getting another before then , and I had to finish the projects I was working on -LRB- all of which included having to plane end-grain -RRB- . So it took me many hours to get the sole relatively flat so that I could finish the project I was worried about . Luckily I was able to sharpen the blade successfully -LRB- finishing with an 8000 grit stone -RRB- , and it took a good edge.So far I have spent an estimated 13-15 hours in flattening the sole and sharpening the blade of this plane , and I can not recommend that anybody buy it . After all , every bit of the work that I did has still not gotten this joke of a plane up to the condition it should have been out of the box . -LSB- UPDATE
 I am not giving my age away but some of the tools I have purchased new and still use are now listed as antiques . I receiently purchased a low angle Stanley block plane to replace one that disappeared from my shop . I am not sure what country Stanley of England is importing them from but the quality is not the same as the original Stanley tools . The sole looks like it was hand ground with a 30 grit belt sander and the low quality steel blade was not ground at 20 degrees . The adjusting levers are made of poor fitting soft stamped metal . But the shiny brass colored knobs look good .
 Unfortunately - or fortunately - I own several Veritas bevel-up low angle planes , including the $ 139 ` standard ' low angle block plane about the same size as this one.Compare the two of them , and if the Veritas is 5-stars - this is 2 stars at most.The sole was extremely rough and concave - an hour of lapping starting with 80 grit only got the ` key areas ' around the nose , toe , and throat area lapped . Much of the area behind the blade is still untouched . The adjustable nose plate was the roughest - right at the edge in front of the blade was worst . Exactly where you do n't want it to be rough . Still mill marks there after an hour.The plane was ` assembled in Mexico from international components ' - nothing on any of the parts except the blade indicated where they were from . The blade was stamped ` Made in England ' and does n't look bad actually - its well machined and finished for an ` out of the box -LRB- rather bubble -RRB- blade - but I have no idea of how hard it is , and thus edge retention , at this point.I titled ` rating depends on use ' - and if you are looking for a block plane simply to knock of edges , or perhaps a small area of end grain , in say softwood - you might rate this a 4-star as others have . But if you are thinking of changing the bevel angle from 25 to say 38 - trying to make a miniature smoother - lots of luck.If you plan to use this for hardwood cabinet-making etc. - save up for the Veritas . In this case , ` the cheapest tool is the most expensive ' probably applies here.Edit 02/25/2010 One reason my experience was less favorable than others with earlier-dated reports likely is
 Received my 12-960 this morning . Easy to open the packaging -- it was secured with one staple . Hmmm . The plane was oiled and the cutter showed signs of hand sharpening . Double hmmm . I guess the previous owner was n't too impressed with the plane . I spent about 40 minutes truing the sole , then discovered that regardless of bevel orientation the cutter wo n't extend beneath the sole of this meticulously engineered device . So much for Stanley planes . I give it a one . But it gets almost a three as a kayak anchor .
 I recently purchased a Stanley 12-960 Contractor Grade Low Angle Plane that is poorly manufactured . I 'm sure a `` Contractor '' would just chuck it . On first inspection , it is evident the base casting finish is quite rough . -LRB- I did expect to have to `` tune '' it as is nearly always the case with new planes -RRB- The bottom surface of any plane must be both flat and as smooth as possible for it to work well . I started by dismantling it and cleaning out some machining dust and then just re-fitting the adjustable mouth . I then ground the base sides and bottom using abrasive cloth on a surfacing plate . It then became apparent the adjustable mouth plate was not level in the plane sole . A check showed the rebates that the mouth plate seats on were 0.25 mm different , side to side , and also sloping front to back , so only one side and the front of the mouth plate were flush with the plane bottom . By now I realized the job was going to be bigger than I had expected and I had blown any chance of a return as a faulty item . Someone might wonder whether just 0.25 mm is significant . It certainly is ! If you can measure the thickness of a fairly heavy shaving made by a large plane you will find it to be probably less than this , and these planes are made for fine work . So , I 'm disappointed with my purchase as I will now have to get the plane base surface ground in a machine shop to enable it to work as it should .
 I received this plane as a gift and could n't be more disappointed in the fit , function , and finish . Major problem with it is that the blade does not extend past the base so it does n't cut anything even at full extension . It appears that they did n't finish machining the base where the blade rests . Second problem is that the base is very rough . Looks like they finished it with 20 grit and this is supposed to glide across a wood surface ? I do n't think so , not even close . This one is going back for a refund and I 'll try another brand . I am afraid the Stanley name is now meaningless when it comes to quality image .
 This is an example of modern crap!It is the most poorly designed machined hand tool I have ever seen with the name Stanley on it.The excentric cam -LRB- it tightens the blade -RRB- on my old stanley low slope broke and I thought I 'd replace it -LRB- knowing I 'd never be able to by the part ... through it away and replace , we do n't `` fix '' anything any more -RRB- I purchased this item . What junk ! I regret owning this . After much filing I can now actually retract the blade for storage and extend it for use without having to take it apart . The adjusting and tightening mechanisms have been redesigned and function lousey .
 The fit and finish is very poor . The adjusting plate was frozen , requiring the use of a pair of pliers to work it free . The moveable throat had numerous burrs that had to be filed off . The sole required 1 hour of lapping to get it flat . The blade was ground askew , requiring a 1/2 hr of grinding and honing to get it useably sharp . And the piece de resistance , after 2 hours of tuning and setting up , the brass knob that adjusts the depth of the iron fell off while I was increasing the depth of cut . The adjusting mechanism consists of a very soft brass knob press-fitted onto the short splined end of the adjusting bolt . If you adjust the cap to exert adequate pressure to keep the blade from chattering , it results in enough pressure to work the knob right off the splined shaft.There are numerous alternatives , but the Record version suffers from the same adjuster problem , so I would stay away from it . If you absolutely have to have a Stanley low angle block plane , then be prepared to modify the knob by drilling a 1/16 '' hole through the knob and end of the adjusting bolt and insert a spring pin to secure the knob . Otherwise , your plane will not make it to the end of its first week .
 One of the reviewer said , `` You get what you pay for '' . In this case I am sure you do n't even get that . Stamped parts , and very soft metal make this plane useless junk . After more than an hour of tuning and sharpening , the blade edge just folded over on soft fir end grain . Take some time to find an old plane at a yard sale . I gave it one star because the Amazon rating system requires at least that .
 This roller arrived to me looking like it had been used as a hammer before being sold to me . Find a different brand , bon sucks .
 I use the Fein sander constantly as I build my Cozy MkIV aircraft
 I use the Fein sander constantly as I build my Cozy MkIV aircraft
 In case other consumers did n't notice , the MP-46 refills come in packets that hold only 60 photos -LRB- 1/5 of an album -RRB- , but cost about a third the price of a complete album . If you want to add inserts to hold an additional 300 photos , it is far more cost effective to buy a complete album , take out the inserts and throw away the album covers . Of course you would need to buy the two little posts from a hardware store -LRB- I priced them at about 89 cents -RRB- that expand the capacity . While Pioneer 's product description may be technically defensible , it is confusing at minimum . I am satisfied with the album quality but I feel like I was gouged to the tune of about $ 70 due to a confusing product description .
 Very disappointing . Just bought more at local craft store . Holes did n't line up and hard to put in album . sorry
 ONE THING I CAN SAY IS THIS
 It is not what I thought it would be . In the same order I ordered a Photo Album and I thought that these were refill pages for that album . When they got here I saw that they were not for the album that I ordered . It would have cost me more money to return them , then what they are worth . What I am really looking for is for photo pages that fit into a regular 3 ring binder . I am doing Family Tree books , and I would like to insert pictures that I have into a 3 ring binder . Could you please help !!
 Since the blade is built to be replaceable it is held into place via a slot in the head of the tool . This is all fine and good in theory , but in practice I had lots of gunk -LRB- glue , flooring , tile chips -RRB- get jammed in between the blade and the head . This causes the blade to turn into a parabola and thus gouge your floors if you do n't notice it . I tried to remove the gunk by removing the blade and cleaning it out , but the present of additional material made the fit to tight and I was unable to open the head -LRB- 2 screws -RRB- . I stripped one screw , hacksawed a new phillips slot into it , and stripped that . When I returned it to the hardware store where I purchased it they told me that this was not the first time they had seen this same problem .
 These pendant lamps have a very pretty globe , but I have not been able to find a bulb that fits snugly inside it - they all stick out on the bottom which looks ridiculous and spoils the effect . I 've spent quite a bit on bulbs so far -LRB- the lights are installed so ca n't take the globes with me -RRB- to no avail . 1 Stop Lighting , the seller , has been absolutely unhelpful .
 I have read various woodworking articles that recommended rabbet planes as being good workhorses -- I was thinking of planing tenons , etc. -LRB- I have an excellent low-angle block plane already -RRB- . The casting on this unit is rough and poorly machined . The iron -LRB- i.e. blade -RRB- is * wider * than the body , so you can not easily use the edge of the plane to shape a tenon while guiding against the shoulder . The bearing surface between the upper and lower parts of the body is a painted rough-cast surface -LRB- not machined -RRB- , so adjusting the size of the throat changes the vertical position of the nosepiece . The bedding surface for the iron is machined out of square . I did a lot of tuning and brought the tool up to a reasonable condition , but I still would n't recommend it .
 If you are looking for a rabbet plane , I might advise another brand . I put it on my wishlist despite reading other reviews because the wishlist is an easy way for me to communicate what tools I 'm interested in to family members that might be shopping for Christmas , etc. . When I took it out of the package the sole was visibly concave , the throat opening was slanted and not a uniform width , and the nose piece of the unit was not in the same plane as the rest of the sole . A plane that is not in one plane can not be usable without investing a lot of sweat flattening it , so I 'd rather return it and try another rabbet plane - even if it is more expensive .
 ... It was so out of alinement and out of plane that any amount of tuning could n't salvage it ...
 This plane is an absolute piece of junk . It came with the blade looking like it had been sharpened on a brick . I spent a half-hour honing it to a clean edge , put it back in the plane , spent ten minutes setting the gap and adjusting the blade -LRB- it has no in-out adjustment screw , and the gap ca n't be adjusted with the blade in the plane -RRB- , and after four passes over a maple board , the blade had nicks in it . The city of Sheffield should sue Stanley to make them take the city 's name off the package . In addition to the difficulty of setting the plane up , the blade is over a 32nd of an inch wider than the body of the plane , so you must either grind or file the blade down to match the width of the plane body , or spend ten minutes resetting the blade every time you change directions .
 first of all , besides the point that it 's not worth a penny , it ca n't be more than $ 5 if you ask me . quality is aweful . the blade does n't align properly , the top and the botton do n't align . the botton of the plane -LRB- which should be _ plane _ -RRB- is n't straight . unfortunately there 's not much choice , so i have to fix what i have already or make my own . i hear stanly 92 is good , i would try that if i can find one . but definetely not this one .
 Please do n't buy this product . You will be very disappointed . I have returned the product . I agree will the other negative raters . I should have known better . Stanley and Amazon usually have good to excellent products from my experience . NOT this time . By the way , I can not say enough good words about Amazon 's return policy .
 I should have probably sent it back but thought I could turn it into something useful . It it is definately not the plane I expected , even for this price which was $ 30 when I bought it . This plane is beyond rough - there is a tremendous amount of work to do to get it even usable . The blade is misshapen , skewed , dull , and the body is rough . I 'll flatten the blade and sharpen it and flatten the sole but for the work it will take , I should have bought a Lee Valley for this one.Sept 07 - I finally got around to working on this plane . Took a little more than an hour to flatten the back of the blade -LRB- ca n't get it completely flat -RRB- and hone the bevel . I also lapped the sole of the body . It works slightly better now , but it 's a very crude adjustment . With more work , I could probably improve a little more , but I felt it was more work than it should have been . Patrick Leach who is arguably the authority on planes really dislikes this model too . This one works now , but definately nothing to write home about . Ca n't say I would ever reach for it other than scraping glue and frankly , I have a # 80 cabinet scraper that does a better job at that . I 'd give it away , but there is no sense frustrating someone else.June 2010 - Gave it away , with a disclaimer to the new owner .
 I quite liked the idea of this plane , being able to work closely into corners , so I bought one -LRB- admittedly the British version , but it looks exactly like this -RRB- , but after spending quite some time with this I found myself unable to adjust it so that it would do any real work . I chucked it into a corner long ago -LRB- at least it is very small so it is not a failure you can not overlook -RRB- . I guess that it needs one of the heavier and more stable -LRB- also more expensive -RRB- models for this idea to really work .
 I was installing some custom andersen wood windows , I needed a good small bullnose rabbit plane quick , I ordered the 12-975 contractor and for the life of me could not get It adjusted , I supersharpened the Blade I attempted to zero adjust the blade , -LRB- note there is no Toe set available -RRB- . I Noticed it sat a little crooked . I removed the cavity screw and opened the mouth-fully extending it , -LRB- it was Worse . -RRB- The casting was extremley pitted with uneven layers of black paint . Filed & sanded it , made it a Little better . I went online and checked with some people on adjustment and was Told to release Blade screw pressure and readjust . Sorry no go , It 's cheap and of poor Quality -LRB- made in england too -RRB- should send it back to Amazon , I dont know if I can , only had it 10 days . I used a Stanley wood chisel & Finished the Sill plate perfectly I 'm an old construction worker ans a Expert Woodworker with 30 Years of Experience . Dont buy this cheap one . Get a veritas with as many fine adjustment you can afford . If you need one now use your wood chisel .
 The sole , including the leading tip surface were not flat in the same plane when the iron was inserted . I 'm still grinding away to make a flat surface . Again , the iron , blade , was not flat . I 'm grinding away to make a flat surface near the bevel edge .
 I am just used to a much higher quality from Stanley . I bought based on my other three Stanley planes that I believe are well priced for the quality . This is a disappointment . The finish is rather rough all around . The set screw for holding the blade does not screw in and out smoothly as in the threads are badly formed . This makes it difficult to hold the awkward mechanism in place to set the blade depth . The blade is wider than the body so you have unsupported blade on each side of the shoe . I should have paid the real money and purchased a precision product for this task . While half the price of what I believe is a good shoulder plane , the money was wasted as I will now have to spend again for a good product .
 When I first took it out of the box , I had to double-check that I was shipped the right vise . The casting of both halves was so mismatched , I thought it was a cheap knock-off . There was so much polyurethane on the wooden dowel handle that I could n't fit the caps on without splitting them - I had to sand the finish off first.The quick-release feature was fun the first couple of times I used it , but it quickly became a pain . A half turn back releases the outer jaw so it can be pulled out or pushed in . But it does n't slide very easily and the half turn does n't fully release the work . And , of course , continuing to turn out does n't do anything because the gear mechanism has released . I eventually `` fixed '' it by drilling and tapping a threaded hole into the quick-release gear from the front while the gear is engaged . A screw in this hole will jam up against the inner jaw and prevent the quick-release gear from doing its job .
 I was very disappointed when I opened up the box and inspected the vise . The castings were of poor quality , the front jaw was displaced about 3/16 '' to the left of the rear jaw when closed , and when viewed form the top the jaws were not parallel when closed -LRB- 1/16 '' off -RRB- . In addition , the quick open/close feature did not work well . When you consider the high cost -LRB- money -RRB- of this vise , it is just unacceptable . I have since returned it to Amazon.com for a refund .
 I purchased this vise when my trusty old Record finally died . Since I have quite a few tools made by Adjustable Clamp Co. -LRB- Jorgensen , Pony etc -RRB- which are great , I figured this vise would be in the same league-WRONG !! Problems started from day 1 . I was sure it was an optical illusion that the jaws seemed so misaligned and out of square and that a good installation would correct any percieved malady - WRONG AGAIN ! The machining was so poor on this unit I had to shim both jaws to get this thing to clamp anything parallel . Acme screw was machined by a gorilla . The quick release is anything but unless you like fiddling around for the `` sweet spot '' . Another wonderful feature of this baby is that caps on the handle love to fall off at the worst time . I finally got so irritated with them that I screwed them on and of course over time the cap split so I replaced it w / a pipe.I 'm sorry I waited so long to install this 'cause otherwise I would 've returned it . Pretty much a boat anchor at this point . Boy do I miss my old Record .
 The Jorgensen 41012 vise I ordered was delivered in the manufacturer 's original box without any packing or padding . Needless to say , the vise bounced around inside the too large box and the casting was broken . Amazon 's return screen was n't functioning and I could not get a return label . After a flurry of e-mails , I was told that they could not authorize a UPS pickup and they were mailing me a return label so I could take the vise to a UPS pickup site.Meanwhile , I had ordered the smaller version of that vise on the premise that it was lighter and smaller and so would n't be damaged by shipping . It arrived similarly without any padding , in a damaged manufacturer 's carton , and the bag containing the handle parts , screws and instructions was open . One of the end caps was crushed and most of the screws were gone . After scavenging a new end cap and screws from the vise to be returned , I convinced the UPS driver to take back the return item.It is obvious that neither Amazon nor Jorgensen & company really care about delivering a product of this kind in good condition . The only way I would buy a Jorgensen product by mail order is if it was on a C.O.D. basis -- if you do n't keep it , you do n't pay . If this would not be do-able , I would buy from a more reputable competitor .
 I bought one of these looking for a lightweight , easy to use sander for my bed/bath redecorating project . The grit paper it came with was just what I needed , and I bought extra as I had two bath vanities and a windowsill to refinish , plus lots of spackled holes to sand down.Although the sander is comfortable to hold and use , I was CONSTANTLY opening up the clip on the pointy end to reseat the sandpaper . Every time you put a little pressure on the thing , the sandpaper would pop out . I tried refolding the paper , new paper , repositioning the paper deeper into the clip , nothing worked . I think I spent more time fixing this thing than I did using it . Look elsewhere for a sander .
 Had one on my belt sander and the glue let go after using it for 2 minutes . Figured well its been on there a while so I am going to put a new one on . That one did not last 3 minutes and the glue let go as well . They are using a very inferior glue on their products and I will not buy that again . : -LRB-
 I purchased 2 sandhill moving blankets . My following comments would cause me not to buy them again :1 -RRB- Because of backorder it took me almost a month to receive them .2 -RRB- Multiple colors cause edges to not be sewed .3 -RRB- After 2 weeks usage one blanket has stitching coming out in 2 places
 I bought this to insulation a kennel or to act as a doggy blanket . I figure a moving blanket would be very durable given their normal use . I am not sure this one is up to either job -LRB- doggy or moving -RRB- .1 . The blanket I received had a disposable paper hospital gown material for the blanket edging . This is very cheap stuff , so I 'm feeling over charged and I question the quality of the other material .2 . The outer material was not kept flat during the sewing process so that there is a fold in the fabric that can catch and rip .3 . Not much padding or stuffing .4 . Does not seem durable or washable.I order this over the other moving blankets offered on Amazon because of the free shipping , but I 'm beginning to question whether it was worth it . It is at best a light weight moving blanket , not the medium line that is described . Glad I only ordered one .
 This sander is not much of a work horse . I sanded about 30 boards and the cheaply made pad already wore out . Which became a big problem due to the fact that the screws holding that pad down are not inset in the unit , resulting in gouges in the wood . Very disappointed .
 I bought a new Bosch belt sander and used the one belt that came with it till it was almost smooth . It worked great.I bought two boxes of the 3M purple belts when I bought the sander . I put one on and in less than 5 minutes the belt broke where the tape was.Put another one on and it did the exact same thing . Put a third on and made sure I was n't pressing on it or doing anything wrong and in less than 5 minutes it broke . I put the `` almost smooth '' belt back on to finish the job . One thing that I noticed was that the belt that came with the sander was overlapped and taped and the purple 3M was butted up and taped . It broke on the tape line every time . The tape seemed thin . The abrasive on the paper was file , no complaints there at all . The tape that holds it together broke every time . Maybe I got a bad batch or something but it did n't hold up like the belt that came with it did .
 I purchased these sanding discs hoping to get a good quality product and I was so disappointed . The discs are super thin and wore out very quickly . The Diablo pads I used in the past will sand circles around the Mirkas . I will never buy these again .
 The product itself is fine if you do n't need recent production . If you 're buying it chances are you know what you 're buying and do n't need a review for that.I bought 2 different rolls from this seller -LRB- different diameters -RRB- . The first one the cardboard box was a bit beat up . On both the place where the date of manufacture usually is was peeled off . They put clear packaging tape over the top of the entire thing which makes it less noticeable . If you did n't know there was supposed to be a date of manufacture there you would probably never know the difference.According to Kester 's own website the shelf life for flux cored solders is 2 or 3 years -LRB- depending on formulation -RRB- which is why they put a date of manufacture on them . For what I do it really does n't matter . But if you 're buying them for an application where that is important you do n't want to buy from Amazon/this seller.In the future I 'll just spend more $ $ $ and go with Digi-Key so I know what I 'm getting has n't been laying around for a decade . It seems disingenuous to sell something as new which has a shelf life and then to remove the information from the package which states when it was made .
 I ordered 60 grit sanding belts , but received 80 grit sanding belts . The outside of the box in which the five belts were packaged said 80Y on one end and 60Y on the other end . First time I have received an incorrect item after ordering through Amazon after many , many years . Will keep the 80 grit sanding belts as I can use them . Just wo n't be as fast as the 60 grit . Will not order again because I do n't need another box of 80 grit sanding belts and would n't trust them to get it correct this time as the box is not labeled correctly .
 Out of the box of 5 belts , 2 had failed within a few minutes of use -LRB- tape holding the belt together came apart -RRB- Contacting 3M resulted in a fast reply but they just passed the buck to Amazon.comAmazon.com did nothing to help me other than to waste my time discussing the problem on the phone . I will never buy 3M sanding belts in the future as I need quality/reliable sanding belts
 After using these hex sockets on a impact the roll pins that hold them in snapped off . The hex bit is not a press fit into the socket like most other brands . I traded them off for a different set and am glad I did . S-K ususally has pretty good tools , and I would recommend their combination wrenches to anyone . However , this product simply has a poor design and is n't worth buying .
 I purchased Mirka gold as it was a very good price . However when I received it , and used it with my sander the paper was so thin it did not last for very long , so the economy of the purchase price was not for me effective . I still prefer 3m products , though they may cost more to begin with , you can use them over and over again on a small project .
 I bought this hose so I can tap off the compressor to send a guy to do strapping around the house . this hose is heavy plastic/rubber . I bought it because it was cheap and we constantly are breaking hoses . I guess in the summertime when it gets hot , the hose will get softer .
 This product use to be made by 3M but the one which I received was made in China and the quality of it was much thinner.Not as good as 3M , and ca n't be used for the usual 100 grit paper can be , but will be used otherwise . . However the service in ordering and receiving the order was excellent .
 $ 6 per belt w / shipping ! That 's four times what I now pay , and these do not last any longer than any other aluminum oxide belt . They do track very well on my Bosch sander .
 These sanding pads wear out very quickly , twice as fast as the home depot ones . Better to get the more expensive ones at home depot , better quality . Written by a contractor . Not worth getting .
 Works ok just do n't seem as hard as previous dress stones I have had . Plastic holder does not hold stone very tight
 I bought this dresser without realizing that it was a solid material that would dissipate rather rapidly . While it did do a good job of cleaning up a couple of my grinding wheels , -LRB- maybe it 's only for very fine abrasives -RRB- in any case it 's now half-way used up ... . not very practical - I should of just bought new wheels . Dave
 I ca n't tell you how good the product is , because I have n't purchased it yet . I am still trying to find out how many disks you get for this price !!! If it is price for 1 it is way too expensive , if it is for 100 it is a good price , if it is for 50 it is just an ok price .
 I bought these discs because they were a great price but having used them now I am finding they wear out super fast . I went through 3 discs just cleaning up the top of a table that was not too rough to begin with . The grit on the discs disappears and leaves the paper smooth after a few minutes of use . They did the job in the end but my more expensive discs last longer and do n't wear out as fast . I guess you get what you pay for .
 The reviews said the Mirka discs lasted a long time . They would if I could get them to stay on the sander . I have used many different brands of discs and have never had this problem before . The velcro on the back seems to be very thin and seems to stay on the sander about 15 to 20 min . If you take one off to change grit , it wo n't stay on at all if you try to use it again . Bad product .
 At first i thought this would be really cool . Unfortunately , the gears inside are not put together tightly enough , causing them to skip . Eventually , the crank stops cranking cause the teeth are all stripped .
 I bought this little flashlight around two years ago to have for emergencies . I thought the windup feature was great because it seems like whenever there is an emergency , the batteries in my flashlight are dead . The last time I needed this flashlight , I found out that winding it no longer worked . The battery did n't retain the charge . Worthless . I should have kept a supply of regular batteries . They last longer !
 I kept this in my emergency bag for several years , took it out today and it 's not functional . Sure , it was neglected , but it 's supposed to be useful in emergencies . It 's not .
 Seeing the many positive reviews of this Wind-N-Go flashlight , I would like to add a note of caution.Mine was great for a few days when brand new . Bright light wears down fast . Within a couple of weeks , even a hard wind would only keep lights on during the wind-cycle , and immediately go off thereafter.Personally , I consider it a real waste of money -- an overpriced & cheaply manufactured product.I am sticking to my solid old MagLites
 For everyone out there if they bring this back DO NOT buy it ! I bought 2 dozen of these for my customers as Christmas gifts and they worked fine for about 6 months . After that they started to hold less and less of a charge until after about a year they would no longer work . The battery or capacitor inside is soldered into place so it is basically not replacable . I tried to contact the customer service dept. at ATHENA Brands Inc. and was redirected to someplace else . They gave me a bunch of BS on how to recharge the battery which did not work . When I contacted them back they said too bad out of warranty . I had 4 of them left over that were still packaged and opened all of them . Right out of the pack none of these worked either . Great idea , bad , bad design .
 Amazon website indicates the item usually ships with 24-hours . Ordered enough for free-shipping thresehold , twice . Been trying to order/receive since 6 Feb - still waiting . Ordered again a few weeks later , 3 Mar and was advised the disks would ship in about 10 days . 9 Mar received a delay email , estimated ship date was sometime between 18 & 25 Mar , Probably a good product at a good price - but I think Amazon may have over sold the item , the vendor can not supply , or the extended handling time associated with Amazon 's `` free shipping '' may be the hold up . Plan to give it a couple more days , then cancel the order , and try to find a vendor who has them in stock and just pay the shipping ! This is NOT the first item I 've had this experience with at Amazon !!!
 I now use exclusively 3M sandpaper after receiving a sample at a trade show , you have to use three Mirka sandpaper disc for every one 3M sandpaper disc . I used to think sandpaper was sandpaper did n't make a bit of difference who manufactured it , I was wrong .
 This sand paper leaves a lot to be desired . If you have a lot of sanding to do you had better purchase a lot of these sanding discs . In no time it seems they are all used up and are n't doing the job . I might have got these from a bad lot , but I think I will stick with Norton .
 I tried out the 80 grit pad for a couple of minutes and the disk was almost used up in this time spent on my DA . The dust collection holes are placed properly and allow most of the dust to be collected in my filter bag . They work almost as well as my cheap ones from Harbor Freight , but that is n't saying really . I would not buy these again as they have such a short lifespan and the fact that I have picked up 100 sanding pads from HF recently for just $ 4 plus tax . I will update as I use more sanding disks over time .
 I bought these discs along with some others but as I said in the other review the discs wear out super fast even thought they did get the job done . I just ended up using more discs than I would have if I had used my more expensive brand . Once again , you get what you pay for . However , if you just want to do a little light sanding for a smaller job on softer wood surfaces these might just be right for you .
 I bought three different grits and have used two of them . I feel the abrasive on the disk wears off to soon . They 're cheap enough but you 'll use twice as many . I expected more from a product made in Finland . The ones from Home Depot -LRB- Norton brand I think -RRB- last longer .
 I am doing my final sanding on the cedar strip boat i am building . . So i bought inexspensive 180grit after reading other reviews ... as it turns out not only is it inexspensive , it is also cheap !! . . I tried 3 sheets on my milwaukee orbital sander ... and could not get any of them to stay on for over 30 seconds ... so i do n't know how long the abrasive would last ... lol . . i went to the store and bought a 5 pack of the 3M hook and loop in 220 grit for about $ 3 ... I put one on the same sander and used it the rest of the afternoon !!!!! ever heard of the old story about you get what you pay for ... For those of you in the other reviews , i think you would be amazed ... side by side with the 3M paper , there is NO comparison . . there is no doubt in my mind that the 5 3M sheets would outlast the 50 Mirka ... but then i will never know as i am returning the Mirka .
 I made a mistake and bought boxes of fifty of most grits because the vendor at a show had limited selection . They do not cut very long . As another review said , they cut great for a short while , then quit , then swirl mark . The vendor said , they are designed for that , use it and change it . Great for Mirka , if you keep buying their product.I find it is a lot of time wasted stopping several times per piece to change the paper . And you can have alternating areas of well sanded and poorly sanded wood . This can show up when its too late -LRB- finishing -RRB- . Will buy a better brand next time . There are several other brands that are much better for little to no extra cost .
 You get what you pay for . I used these pads primarily on red oak . I know from experience the cutting diminishes quickly with hard woods , but I never expected this . The 80 grit pads wore down literally within 30 seconds of sanding . The 220 grit lasted somewhat longer . I 'll go back to my old brand .
 I have used similar Norton disks before and decided to try these because it looked like a good deal . However , while these Mirka are slightly cheaper than Norton , they are no-where near the quality -- Norton last 5 times longer than Mirka .
 It seems as though these discs do n't last as long as the editorial sais . You 'll need to buy twice as many to get the job done . I might of got a batch from a bad lot , but I think I will stick with Norton from this point on . I am very disappointed in these discs .
 I used several grits of this brand sanding disk with my heavy duty Bosch sander - at high speed the hook and loop backing would separate from the sandpaper in short order - I returned them all . Maybe with a lower powered sander they would be OK , but they sure did n't work for me .
 The Mirka sand paper is a lower cost lower quality sand paper . The saying you pay for what you get is very true here . Some times you need a lower quality paper .
 This paper did not last long compared to the gator brand at Lowe 's . Plan to trow it out fast , it does not last long and seems thin , and I think it wears out my sanding pad faster , I had to return it and after paying for shipping back , I 'm still glad I got rid of it .
 I decided to buy the factory reconditioned Bosch 129DVSK-RT because of the brand 's reputation and that I also own a Bosch jigsaw and mitre saw which both have served me well over the years . Because of their reputation I figured that a `` factory reconditioned '' unit should be just as good as a new one however after about six uses , it stopped working . After taking it apart -LRB- it was recondition and so had not warrente -RRB- I figured that the speed variable control AND/OR the on/off switch had burnt out and so I ordered both new from the factory . After waiting a month for the parts I finally received them and promptly installed them . AWESOME ! The unit work ... . for one last job and then quit AGAIN . I again took it apart to try and trouble shoot the issue but to no avail -LRB- I suppose the armature or field are toast -RRB- . So had I bought a new one , I may not have needed to go without a orbital sander for now ever a month !
 I have purchased this brand of sandpaper before and I thought it was just fine sandpaper , that is before I received a free sample of 3M sandpaper , I was shocked to discover that it took three Mirkasandpaper disk to do the same area that a single 3M sandpaper disk was able to accomplish the same area . while I do not believe you get what you pay for his true in all cases it is the case when it comes to cheap sandpaper and 3M sandpaper .
 As I was in the middle of refinishing a cedar deck when I needed to replacethe hook and loop pad of my Bosch sander I also ordered a box of Mirka 80 grit.With about 15 hrs of sanding so far I had used 10 Norton discs.I put on the new mirka disc and started back sandingThey cut aggressively for about 2 minutes then the backing paper on the edge wears through.I went through 4 Mirka discs in an hour and found myself looking through the garbageto find one of the used Norton discs to use until I can buy new ones .5 Norton discs will outast 50 Mirka discs.Too bad .
 I ordered an assortment of Mirka sanding disks -LRB- different grit -RRB- for my Porter Cable 6 inch random orbit sander.The 80 grit was suppose to be 6 inch / 6-hole but has no holes.I tried to access the web site to initiate a return or replacement.The web site would not recognize my order number.After several tries I gave up .
 These disks come without a paper backing ! Instead , some idiot decided that they should be continuously joined with a 2 '' wide strip of plastic . Incredibly poor idea . So dust get all over the unused ones , or , as I tried , I put them in a zip-lock , which just made the last one , the one you want , stick to the bag . Awful , awful , awful !!!
 While these sanding disks are `` self adhesive '' , they have no backing . The come stacked in a pile and you just peel the top one off before you stick it on the sander . Do they work ? Yes they do . You cant really grab a few and throw them in your tool box because of no backing . I am also concerned that the adhesive will dry out before I use up the 100 I bought because they have no backing.If I knew this was how they were being sold I would not have bought them , , , , unless they were about half the price I paid .
 I would never buy any mirka products again ! I bought a 50 count of 120 grit 6 '' 6 hole and Im wearing them out in under 5 minutes of sanding ! Do yourself a favor and buy Sunmight instead
 I bought two of these glue guns , and on both of them the trigger failed within aprox . 8 hours of use . Once the trigger fails , the glue gun will not heat up . They are junk and you would be wasting your money if you bought one .
 GREAT GUN WITH ONE BIG PROBLEM - LIKE MOST GLUE GUNS IT TAKES FOREVER TO HEAT UP TO WORKING TEMP . BUT UNLIKE MOST GUNS THIS ONE HAS A UNUSED TIME SAFETY SHUTOFF FEATURE . SOOOO - IF YOU DO N'T GET BACK TO YOU R GUN FAST ENOUGH YOU HAVE TO START THE PROCESS ALL OVER AGAIN .
 This heavy hot-melt glue-gun user was thrilled when she opened her new Stanley GR-100 christmas gift anticipating it would vastly improve her speed and gluing finesse ; alas , the trigger on it is a great deal tougher to pull than my .38 -LRB- no mean feat - perhaps manufacturer wants you to carefully reflect upon the consequences of wanton gluing ... -RRB- !!!! rendering it impossible for me to use at all ! Gifter purchased it from off-beaten-track store and we never had time to exchange or get $ $ $ back for - save yourself a lousy experience and buy something else from someone easy to return to -LRB- as is in my experience Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- -RRB- .
 I BOUGHT THIS GLUE GUN 3 WEEKS AGO.DID NOT HAVE MUCH LUCK WITH IT.IT DOES NOT GET HOT ENOUGH TO MELT THE GLUE TO COME OUT OF NOZZLE.TRIED DIFFERENT TYPES OF GLUE STICKS & SWITCH THE HEAT SETTINGS , STILL NO LUCK.BOUGHT A CHEAP GLUE GUN THROUGH TMART AND IT WORKS GREAT AT LESS THEN HALF THE PRICE OF THIS ONE.RATING 0 OUT 5 STARS.DON ' T BUY AND KEEP YOUR MONEY .
 I spent more because I wanted a `` better '' glue gun ; however , it only worked once ... after that it would not feed glue through . I trusted the brand name ... would never recommend it . Sounded good with the attachment but when no glue would come through it ... I now use smaller cheaper gun that works ; all the time ~ every time !!
 Update
 Accruate NOT !!! The adjustable stop is nice but try to set an angle . The shot-pin type angle setting has to much slop in it . I still have to make a test cut or three and adjust the angle accordingly ...
 I just today recieved a new accu miter miter gauge . I was really looking forward to getting a good addition for my table saw . What a huge disappointment . First off there is so much slop in the shot pin setup you have to make several trial cuts and moving one way or the other to remove the slop and get a square cut . -LRB- not a repeatable or positive index lock -RRB- . You can not index the shot pin to 45 and be even close even if you try to move out the slop . My very old craftsman that I wanted to replace is better.It 's going back
 This miter gauge is well made , material-wise , but not user friendly . The stop does not slide smoothly from side to side , even after I lubed it . It is bulky and too heavy for my liking . There are no tracks to attach a sub-fence which is very important to me for saftey reasons . Almost every other miter gauge track has mutiple slots for a subfence . Two positives , it is accurate at 90 degrees , stays put , and miter bar is cool . I do n't make angle cuts -LRB- use miter saw -RRB- , so I ca n't comment on that . I own both Woodhaven and Incra miter gauges with fences . I 'd buy those instead of this JDS if I were to recommend a miter gauge to a woodworker . I 'd give them 5 stars.Update 10/17/2012Ok , I changed my mind on this one . It is now my go-to-gauge . Whatever I said negative about it above is still pretty much true , especially no slots for a subfence . But it holds it 's settings true and square and that 's what I like about it so much . Plus it glides so smoothly across the table . I up it to 4 stars .
 I am a paint contractor , and have been using SANDVIK scrapers for 15 years . The name changed to BAHCO , but they were still made in Scandinavia . The replacement blades were also made there ... until recently . They still command a premium at $ 11USD , but have 1/10 THE LIFE !!!!! Where in the past I could use each blade -LRB- 2 sides -RRB- for a MINIMUM of 40 hours with little resistance , I recently noticed my help complaining of dull blades after 2 HOURS !!! Upon checking . I noticed some blades made in Spain , but the majority are from Taiwan ! WTF !!! It 's a sad day indeed when the king of scrapers are now `` scrap '' . I WILL NO LONGER SUPPORT THIS PRODUCT .
 I have the original bar for the Accu-Miter and thought I would upgrade to the `` new and improved '' bar . Was I surprised when I found out the new bar was not tapped for the screws that hold the indexing pin on . Looks like the factory overlooked this `` small '' detail . Theoretically you screw the allen head screws down to tighten and spread the nylon spacers on the bar to make them expand and fit the miter slot . I tightened these screws until the allen wrench bent and the nylon spacers did n't spread a hair - another good idea in theory but not in reality . I will keep the bar , but I can see that it will take some `` rigging '' to get to work as advertised . Let the buyer beware .
 I 'm writing from the perspective of a cabinetmaker . This glue may work for your particular projects , but here 's why it 's no good for cabinetmaking :1 -RRB- It foams . It foams a LOT ! 2 -RRB- The foam stains the wood . Wiping it off sort of helps , until you apply stain/varnish a week later and the stain appears a radically different color wherever you let the glue/foam touch the wood .3 -RRB- It 's not as strong as alphatic resin -LRB- wood glue -RRB- . Some will argue with this statement , but glue together four pieces of wood , two with alphatic resin , two with this stuff . Now smash them both . This stuff fails on the glue joint , whereas the alphatic resin will take a signifficant portion of the wood with it .4 -RRB- It 's three times as expensive as wood glue .5 -RRB- It takes longer to use , since you have to moisten -LRB- with water -RRB- the two workpieces to be joined .6 -RRB- It requires a longer clamp time than wood glue.Some will say that with practice these concerns can all be mitigated , but I 've got enough trouble just training employees not to cut their fingers off in the table saw - Now I 've got to `` train '' someone how to use glue ? No Thanks .
 This stuff would be great if you needed to glue California to Arizona to keep it from falling into the ocean ... for any other application , it 's total overkill . I was warned about the foaming , but it foams AFTER you have everything set and clamped -LRB- or weighted down -RRB- . If you 're doing anything other than skyscraper construction or building weight-bearing walls in your house , buy something else .
 Fine woodworking rated this glue as the poorest woodworking glue by far . Has less than HALF the strength of Titebond 3 glue -LRB- the best -RRB- . I also found that it quickly dries up in the bottle .
 You will never be able to guess the right amount of glue to use since it has a huge foaming problem . Items that I glued ended up uneven with hard foam coming out of the ends . When I used it on something outdoors the glue cracked and disintegrated within a few weeks . This stuff is overpriced junk and I 'll bet the five star reviews come from those marketing Gorilla Glue . Marketing seems to be the secret of success not performance . If you want to try what I think is the best glue go out and buy GOOP .
 Gorilla Glue is a great glue , holds strong , but do n't use it on ceramics ! I used it to glue a ceramic/porcelain foo dog . An hour later I saw the hard , foam-like ooze coming from each seam ! I ended up having to scrape it off with a sharp edged knife . For the remainder I had to use fine steel wool soaked in mineral spirits . It took a long time but eventually it came off .
 Gorilla glue might be very strong but it is not user friendly for woodworking . It has some major drawbacks . It is not water soluble so you can not wipe the excess with a wet rag -LRB- I had to use lacquer thinner -RRB- . It expands quite a bit which means even if you wipe the excess initially , you are still going to have it coming out of the joint . Do n't even think about using it to glue anything without using clamps , as the expansion of the glue will cause the parts to move . The bottle cap is cheap and it broke at the bottle when I tried to pull off the cap -LRB- which of course glued itself to the nozzle -RRB- . I 've gone back to conventional woodworking glues and the new ones -LRB- tite-bond -RRB- are very strong so there is no real advantage to Gorilla glue .
 Tried gluing two pieces of like-kind plastics together and it lasted a day . Luckily I had just enough of the old original 2 part product left to make the repair .
 Gorilla glue might be very strong but it is not user friendly for woodworking . It has some major drawbacks . It is not water soluble so you can not wipe the excess with a wet rag -LRB- I had to use lacquer thinner -RRB- . It expands quite a bit which means even if you wipe the excess initially , you are still going to have it coming out of the joint . Do n't even think about using it to glue anything without using clamps , as the expansion of the glue will cause the parts to move . The bottle cap is cheap and it broke at the bottle when I tried to pull off the cap -LRB- which of course glued itself to the nozzle -RRB- . I 've gone back to conventional woodworking glues and the new ones -LRB- tite-bond -RRB- are very strong so there is no real advantage to Gorilla glue .
 I have a mixed option about this kit.I purchased it to remove a couple of rust spots from my table saw top . The rust remover works great . I did have to use it twice . It had the bad effect of changing the color of the table saw top to a darker grey -LRB- OK who cares -RRB- . I also sprayed some on the ruler for setting my fence , and it crinkled it up , and now the ruler is hard to use -LRB- OK , I should have thought of that and not over sprayed -RRB- . Over all this part did the job and I should give it 5 stars.I use the blade and bit cleaner to clean resin from my router bits and table saw blades . That works well . However for table saw blades it is not much better than washing the blade warm water with Dawn dish soap . -LRB- and then drying the blade and spraying it with WD 40 -RRB- . I am uncomfortable washing my router bits with bearings . So I like the product for them . I would give it 4 stars.The Boeshield is OK . It could be used to coat a metal product for long term storage . If all you want to do is protect the cast iron top of a wood working tool , you would be much better off just using a furniture paste wax . For my application , I give Boeshield 1 star .
 The Boeshield T-9 is a great product . Yes , it 's sticky , but it even says on the instructions to rub it off quickly for a smooth surface . It contains a thin paste wax , so if you buff it a little it 's even smoother . I have n't had a problem with it.The rust remover is a whole different thing . Yes , it removes rust some , not great , but some . However , it contains phosporic acid which will stain iron if used in small amounts . If you have a leak in your bottle -LRB- like me -RRB- and you set the bottle on your table saw , then it will literally eat pits into the cast iron table and react to form some funky crusty black iron oxide stuff that is really hard to clean off.My recommendation , buy the T-9 and hide the rust remover from yourself before you really damage something .
 This product is crap ! You 'd be better off using kerosene and a tooth brush.I was told that this product worked great on rust , well believe me when I tell you that it did more harm than it did help , it left my machinery with leopard spots.I 'm very unhappy with the results , you would think that for $ 30 you 'd get a better product .
 I like this cable clamp product and have purchased it in the past . This time , when I wanted to get some more of them , I thought why not see if I can get them from Amazon.com ? I found this item on Amazon.com and read the previous review which indicates that the consumer purchase a pack of 25 of the item from the seller . So , I expected that I , too , would receive a pack of 25 cable clamps from the seller.However , when the package arrived , it contained only 1 -LRB- one -RRB- cable clamp!This product usually retails for about $ 1 each . However , the seller is offering it for $ 7.19 -- a mark-up of over 700 % . Do yourself a favor , and get this item , but get it direct from the company , or from another seller , at a more reasonable cost .
 I have used TOPCOTE spray for several years on my table saw . This product does not seem to look or last like the old orange colored can or the real old pump spray bottle that I use to get . The current stuff now has a white flakey coating that flakes off and is sticky , the boards do n't seem to slide like before . Now my new can is half full and wo n't spray any more ! I checked the spray tip and it 's not clogged but still nothing comes out when I push on the spray tip ! It 's like it lost its air ! Do n't waste your money it 's not as good as it once was!At the woodworkers guild meeting they recommended I use this new stuff called Table Top Lube from EMPIRE and they gave me a small sample . I tried it and it seems to work just like the old TopCote stuff!Here on amazon Table-Top Lubricant sells for $ 14.99 . It cost more but I think it is work it .
 Purchased this for protecting my Unisaw table top . Paste wax works well but is an effort to apply and must be reapplied every month or two here in the humid south . Top Cote advertised to last five times longer , so thought I 'd give it a try . Last Saturday afternoon I carefully cleaned all wax and made sure surface was as clean and perfect as I could get it . Applied three coats of Top Cote , used the saw on Sunday to build some Christmas gifts for friends , and then on Monday evening noticed the entire cast iron top had a faint golden haze - rust film already setting in , 48 hours after Top Cote application . This stuff has zero value as a rust protectant .
 My review will be consistent with several of the other reviews posted here . This product is absolute garbage . If you respect the money and time you put into buying and maintaining your tools , you wo n't touch this stuff . I would rate it with negative stars , if it were an option.I 'll start with stuff I was able to overlook . It does leave a waxy haze on the surface . Big deal , as long as it protects the surface . It also does not do a good job of reducing friction , as it claims -LRB- silicone is much , much better -RRB- . Again , I can deal with this as long as it protects the surface.I purchased a can of this about a month ago and have used it on my relatively new tablesaw -LRB- 1 yr -RRB- and brand new 6 '' jointer -LRB- 1 mo -RRB- . Both started out without the closest hint of staining or rusting . I followed the directions and coated the tools after each use . After about a week , I noticed a few small rust stains and I figured I must have spattered something on them . I did n't plan on using my jointer for a while , so I applied 3 heavy coats to the top to ensure it would remain clean and rust-free . I looked at it 2 days later and it was covered -LRB- not spots , covered ! -RRB- with rust . I have since cleaned it with a light polishing compound , but the stains remain . Bostik should be paying me for a new jointer top , but I do n't expect they will . Better yet , remove the junk from the market.Obviously I am extremely disappointed and upset with what this product has done to my clean tools . Like I said , read the other reviews and stay away from it , unless you like the look of rust .
 I had just received my new 15 '' planer . I degreased it and put on two coats of Top Cote . I also did the tablesaw , jointer , bandsaw and Spindle sander . Imagine my horror when 4 days later my brand new planer had a coating of rust . So did the tablesaw , jointer , bandsaw , and spindle sander . The tools that I did not use Top Cote on did not have any rust -LRB- Mortiser , Drill press , etc -RRB- . This product says it does not stain but it does . It leaves a milky stain behind . False advertising all around . Now I have to figure out how to remove the rust and then I 'll use some type of paste wax . I 'm calling Bostik tomorrow - wonder how far I will get ?
 I agree with Bradley Keller 's review . I bought this product to treat the top of my table saw . I was shocked to see a milky-white haze appear after application -LRB- I went by the directions on the can verbatim -RRB- . It smells and looks like wax , so I figured I needed to buff or polish the top cote in . I hand buffed my saw top for about an hour and this took care of the white haze . However , it did not leave my surface as slick as I had expected it to . I too will use a simple auto wax from now on .
 I agree with Bradley Keller 's review . I bought this to treat the top of my table saw . I was horrifed by the milk-white hazy layer that the Top Cote left after applying -LRB- per directions -RRB- . The stuff smells like wax , and on application looked like wax , so I figured it needed bufffing . I hand buffed my table saw top for about an hour and the haze cleared up , but I found that my saw top was not as slick as I had expected it to be . I plan on using auto wax from now on .
 I have been using Top-Cote for years and it works very well and produces a slippery surface that inhibits rust . Does not prevent rust if your tools get wet , but its not supposed to . I ordered a can after not being able to find it at any of my usual suppliers . Although I ordered Top-Cote and the Amazon.com order confirmation I received said I ordered Top-Cote , I was sent Glide-Cote for the same price even though Glide-Cote sold for $ 8 less per can . I was never told there was a substitution in the product being deliver and never asked if the substitution was okay . When I questioned it , I was given the run around by Hartville Tool and was eventually give a refund of $ 1.95 . I will not be ordering any product from Hartville Tool again nor any anything from Amazon that is fulfilled by Hartville Tool . While I have had good experiences when ordering from Amazon , I think Hartville Tool has a lot to learn about customer service and honesty .
 I am not a fan . The concept is great but the iron must be under powered for the amount of metal it has to heat . I let it heat up and tried it . It never got hot enough to melt the solder . I waited longer for it to heat and still nothing . It kind of worked when I used my other soldering iron with it but not well.I was looking forward to using it but has been no help to me .
 I thought the dremel would be a good tool for my needs , and it was , but the tool did not last . The tool could not hold up to the work it was made out to be for . I was under the impretion that it was tough and it was not . I own two of the Dremels and they bouth lasted less then a year each .
 In my opinion , the tool is great for small tasks , but the quality is somewhat to be desired . In just one year I have went thru 3 of these tools and in my opinion its the variable speed switch that was defective . The tools always went bad when I needed it most . Ill go shoppin for some other tool next time .
 This Dremel was great when it worked . I had the same problems that I see many others have had . The variable speed switch was not designed well and the tool is rendered useless after a few weeks of light usage . The tool was sent in for warranty repair 2 weeks ago , still waiting .
 When I opened this , the springs in the lock were n't there . So the lock barely works , but requires brute force to get to open .
 This is a good tool for the average home owner , and it does have some good features . It needs to be a little more heavy duty for serious tree work though , bigger rope for pulling , and heaveyer pulleys . Does cut good .
 So much oozed out of the joint I was gluing that maybe there was nothing left . It only held a chair arm in place for a couple of days .
 First of all I think that the board buddy is a good idea . Safety is always an important issue with me.The board buddy is well made . In saying that I gave only 2 stars because the board buddy is a pain for people with metal fences . I have an expensive biesemeyer fence on my saw . I 'm not about to drill holes and tap them in my fence to put in a track so I can use the board buddy . -LRB- fence has no pre-drilled holes -RRB- I think that this should have been something that Woodstock should have stated in their description or made an adapter . I had to go online and research this to fix my problem.I was very disappointed that I could n't use the board buddy when I needed it . I would not have bought the board buddy if I knew what I know now . I would have done something else . Good wood fences are not cheap unless you make one . It is something that a good wood worker can do and I 'm not at that skill level yet . Not happy with Woodstock .
 I recently bought the board buddies and will return them . They do not pull the board into the fence as described by other people without tremendous down pressure being applied , resulting in having to stand directly behind the board to push it through , which we all know is dangerous . The anti reverse wheels actually do reverse -LRB- turning on the threads and not their own spindle -RRB- and I would n't trust them to stop kickback . Adjustment is a pain in the neck , I 'm constantly catching my nuckles when adjusting the wingnuts
 With Grizzly 's own part number ` G2370 ' and not Woodstock International 's ` W1104 ' . The picture shows the Board Buddies mounted on top of a Shop Fox Fence rail and no mention at all that any optional hardware being used . Since I bought Grizzly 's table saw figure I should get the right unit in their recomended accessories list.When shippment arrived the box says Woodstock International W1104 . The hardware needed to mount on the fence railing is ` optional ' , meaning extra cost , extra shipping charge , and more time waiting for more parts.The wheels and castings looks good , but I wished that I have ordered the Woodstock International 's W1104 and save $ 10 from lower price and free shipping . Going to take a run to the Woodcraft store and pick up those missing ` T ' nuts , NUTS !
 This would be great for steel saws . But most new small portable saws are constructed out of aluminum , so the magnetic attachment does n't wpork .
 I purchased this blade about 12 months back and was thrilled with it for about one month . It cut through maple and cherry -LRB- up to 2 '' thick -RRB- `` like butter . '' And then it was dull and prone to all the trials and tribulations of dull blades -LRB- kick-back , etc. -RRB- . When it was brand new it cut better than any blade I have owned but at the price it should ! At the price , it should also have retained its edge for a lot longer -LRB- I 've had really cheap -LRB- Skil 10 '' -RRB- and mid-priced -LRB- Hitachi , et al -RRB- blades last MUCH longer and some even started off almost as sharp -RRB- . Again , for one month of 6 day a week use it was GREAT but it dulled much too quickly - regardless of the price -LRB- and yes , I did clean and treat the blade at the end of each day -RRB- . So , whyh pay the price unless it comes with free sharpening and a loner blade for the time it spends `` away '' every four or five weeks.If the blade cost $ 50.00 I would rate it 3 to 3.5 stars .
 I used this blade for cutting pine but It did not impressed me at all . I found my Freud industrial blade -LRB- combination -RRB- giving more clean cuts on pine.I guess most of the reviews were for cutting pine , but most woodworkers do n't use pine as it is weak / soft wood.After using this blade for one project with pine and Redwood , I did not felt the price was worth it . Nothing impressive at all . . Save your money and get Freud combination at less than half the price or go for Oldham combination blade .
 I bought this blade because of someone 's recommendation . I am disappointed with the performance of this blade as it causes a lot of burnt marks on my wood , both solid and plywood . It also does not cut as smoothly as my lower cost blades . May be it needs to be sharpened but it is brand new and I ca n't find anyone locally to sharpen it .
 Does it cut quickly , easily , and evenly ? Yes . Does it leave a nice smooth surface ? Yes . Does it burn EVERY single cut , whether ripping or cross-cutting regardless of species ? Big Yes.I consulted the manual and it talks about large reductions in temperature if used with the blade raised up well above the surface of the wood . What ? I 'm sorry , but for this kind of money I 'm not going to risk cutting my fingers off any more than I have to just to get your product to work as well as you claim . I know a professional cabinet maker who has experienced the same burning issues with multiple Forrest table saw blades.Happily going back to my Dewalt 40-tooth ATB which works equally well and is less than half the price . This must be hype or something .
 I bought one of these Forrest blades about 15 years ago after seeing a demonstration at a woodworkers show in Portland , OR . I was very impressed with the demo , but about the fifth time I used it the tips flew into dozens of pieces when it hit a knot in some cherry wood . I threw it away and have not bought any Forrest blades since.On the other hand , I am very impressed with the 12 inch Rigid blade that came with my Rigid miter saw . The cross cuts are truly as smooth as if sanded with fine sandpaper , even after extended use .
 I recently purchased this blade after seeing demonstrations at a wood working show and hearing reviews great reviews from friends . All I can say is I am very disappointed . Every cut that I have tried cross cuts and rips , have resulted in burnt wood . I checked my blade alignment to the miter slot and to the fence , and they each check out parallel to the blade within 005 . I have switched to another new 40-tooth carbide blade and the problem goes away . I 'm not sold ... and I am returning it .
 I ordered this blade for my new table saw after reading all the reviews so I ordered the blade from Amazon and I installed in table saw and went to test cut and all it did is smoke and burn the wood ! I stoped the saw and took a look at the blade , I could see that the blade was never factory sharped !!! I under stand that this might be the world 's greatest blade but I did not receive that I got some factory defect or seconds I do n't know ? When you pay this much money you would think that there would be better quality control !
 BEWARE OF THIS BLADE . IT IS A KICKER !! Yes , the blade cuts like butter . However , their is absolutely no anti-kickback protection.I just broke two fingers using this blade to rip 1/4 '' pine on a properly set-up Delta Contractors Saw . I 've never had any problems on this saw with the less expensive combo blades with anti kickback . This blade has been a kicker from day one . For me , it 's coming off and going into the trash can . If you do buy this blade , make sure you spend the extra several hundred dollars to buy a good anti-kickback protection system .
 Forrest blades are great . Have been using them for years and love them . This blade arrived on time but had been previously opened and the package closed again with tape . The blade was rusty , covered with sandy gunk and some of the blade teeth were protruding through the wax covering . One of the teeth appeared damaged -LRB- the carbide tip -RRB- . Sent this blade right back to Amazon and ordered one from Rockler .
 I made my own inserts from a railroad car window which is half inch thick polycarbonate . They fit and work very well and did n't cost a cent .
 Being a big fan of the GearWrench ratcheting wrenches I was excited to try out their socket ratchets . It was n't long before I was disappointed , the on/off switch will often click over so you might get 5 turns loosening a bolt and for no reason the switch turns and on your 6th pull it starts to tighten.The 1/2 '' wrench broke after first use , the on/off switch would no longer function.And lastly I missed having a socket quick release , a really handy feature to have when one hand is tied up holding something .
 Pass on this one . Immediately sent back once I saw how the featherboard is held in the miter slot . I coould easilly snap it in 2 with little pressure . Got a magnetic version that works great - but much more $ $ $ .
 I knew as soon as got this that the only things that would be useful would be the push stick and block . Buy it seperately . Bench Dog makes a great featherboard that is well worth every penny . It 's what I ended up getting and have been using for three months know with absolutely no problems .
 Feather board is a waste , I do n't think it would hold boards from kickback . but good for holding wood against fence but they are really to short to be of much use .
 I purchased this a long time ago and I 've only been able to use only the push stick because the other two items are useless . The featherboard is so poorly designed and constructed and does not hold firm on my tablesaw . I think I wasted money on this . I should have just gone to Lowes and buy the Benchdog accessories .
 I 'll keep this short and sweet . The pushstick and pushblock are fine . The featherboard is garbage .
 Do n't buy this set unless you ca n't get the stick and block separately . The featherboard is complete trash and should be thrown away immediately . I have n't used the stick , though it looks like you could make a longer and nicer one in a few minutes . I do , however , use the push block all the time and have found it to be very useful . There are certainly applications were it does n't work that a custom one would , but that 's always the case . I can recommend the push block , could go either way on the stick and just put the featherboard in the trash and back away . Buy the other two separetly if you want them and save -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- .
 I rate this half-a-star simply because it was a ` set ' as advertised . That is the only thing the manufacturer/distributor got right . The push block and the stick can be made at home for cents . The featherboard mounting system is a total failure . There is no way you can lock the featherboard to the table slot and have it be a reliable , working accessory . I 'm amazed this set is still offered for sale . In my opinion , the loose and unreliable featherboard is quite possiblly an accident waiting to happen . Not mine . It is at the landfill .
 The featherboard is a useless piece of trash . This set does not meet any minimum standard . Do n't buy this set unless you have money to throw away . Not even worth 1 star .
 This package may seem like an inexpensive bargain , but the items are all inferior , even in light of the price . The featherboard , in particular , is virtually useless . Given that , 7.50 each for a cheesy -LRB- and short , relative to a 10 ' table saw blade -RRB- push stick and block is kind of stiff.I advise you to take a little extra time and find the individual components you need for what you are doing . This may be easier in a venue that contains a greater selection of woodworking items , or you could make them ...
 The featherboard was complete junk . I was able to ` assemble ' it , and inserted it into the slot on my table saw . Each time I was about to run stock past it , it would come undone , come unassembled , or just not do what it was supposed to.If you buy this set , you will end a mediocre push block , and stick . The ones I have made from hardwoods are way better than these .
 Agree with other reviewers - featherboard is a useless and dangerous piece of junk - should be removed from market .
 Received it as a gift - like most reviewers I agree that the screws are wrong , they do n't fit the slot properly and make it difficult to insert the slider into the table guide . I will probably throw it away and not dissapoint my daughter.Also one of the turn-screw threads was filled with plastic - took me fifteen minutes to clean it out enough to thread it on.The push stick is rounded slick plastic and I would have to put some rubber or something on the end of it before trying to use it.The cheap plastic has sharp edges and must be trimmed and cleaned up for any sustained use.DON ' T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT
 The push stick and push block are ok , but the featherboard is pure junk and will easily cause an accident and could result in serious injury . The design and material is pathetic . This product should be recalled and warning issued to previous buyers . I am returning mine . A good featherboard is usefull insure the wood being cut on a table saw is held tight to the fence . This featherboard will allow the wood to get loose and potentially allow the table saw blade to throw the wood back at the operater .
 The gripping clamps do not grip the track in my Porter Cable table sufficienly strongly to make this a reliable tool . No matter how careful the clamps were placed and tightened , the featherboard popped off the tracks under the slightest load .
 If I had seen this in a store I would not have bought it . Feather board will not prevent kickback , does not lock securly into the miter slot . pass this one up make your own .
 What a complete waste of money . This is a poorly designed clamping miter gauge , with enough play in each of the assembled parts to render it all but useless . It is sensitive to any contact with anything to the point of being unusable . The parts are very low quality , they do n't fit together well , and actually using the clamp -LRB- its salient feature -RRB- causes the miter angle to change by as much as three degrees.Save your money . The only thing worthwhile about this utter piece of garbage is the bar that goes in the miter slot on your table saw . That can be salvaged and attached to a jig.Simply horrible .
 This is probably one of the poorest made table saw accessory I have ever seen . I purchased it to replace the gauge that came with my craftsman saw only to find that it was worse . It is cheaply made , fits together poorly and will not hold an angle . -LRB- bump it , and the slop in the pivot allows it to move about 3 degrees -RRB- . The only redeeming feature is the hold down , which is a good idea , but it does n't work . The adjuster slips under moderate pressure and will allow the work to come loose or shift . If you 're a SWMBO buying one for your spouse , just make sure you insure the heck out of him first !
 I was very disappointed with this product . I should have suspected that it would not be suitable when I found that it was much cheaper then all of the other products intended for this purpose . It was too flexible , the mounting to the table saw was tenuous and I did not feel confident that it would be save to use . I returned it for the Kreq True-Flex . More expensive but very well made .
 The majority of the reviewers have called this one right . It 's junk ! Do n't waste your money . The one I purchased had issues from the start . The greatest of which is that one of the adjustment knobs does not hold tight . Upon inspection , I quickly saw why . The knob has a mickey mouse set up consisting of a phillips head screw in a plastic chase . As you try to tighten the knob , the theory is that the screw will remain in place as the knob threads down the shaft and snugs the plastic adjustment arm . It works , sort of , with one knob . However , on the other knob , the screw simply spins . Solution ? ... remove featherboard with your strong hand and hurl directly at nearest trash receptacle !
 I received my Big Horn ` Deluxe ' Featherboard today . It was missing one knob . Both slots where the 3/16 '' bolts ride were heat warped so that the bolts would not slide from side to side . The feathers were also heat warped from the manufacturing process . Someone spent a lot of time and energy to refine the plastic chemicals , create a mold and build a machine to injection mold these things , assemble 2 bolts , 2 plastic locks and in my case one knob , bubble warp it with a pre-printed cardboard back and send it off to internet marketer , where I ordered it , someone picked it off a shelf and packed it in a box and after 3 days of shipping , it arrived at my door to end up in my recycle bin after a useless life of 5 minutes . It 's of a quality one expected from Tiawan 40 years ago . I was sorry to see it was made in America .
 I purchased these featherboards because I just wanted something `` simple '' for my router table . What a mistake!As you tighten the screws , the plastic bends and gets cut up . After just a few uses , it 's all worn out . When you try to slide this featherboard inside the miter slot , it bends and twists . They have a sloppy fit inside a standard miter slot , which actually makes them dangerous , because they can slide around during a cut.The only reason I gave them 2 stars is because they are cheap .
 My impressions are just about like most of the other negative reviews . This thing is nothing by a cheap , flimsy piece of plastic . The fingers are way too lightweight to provide any kind of significant pressure against a workpiece , and they do n't even line up in a straight line . The `` mechanism '' for locking into the miter slot is a bolt that expands the plastic sides of the device against the sides of the slot , and it looks like it will pull thru in short order.Its always amazing how you can buy something for the grand price of -LSB- item price -RSB- , and then look at it and wonder how it could possibly cost that much , for what you get . If this thing were priced at $ 2.49 , it would still be a poor value .
 I unpacked it , I inspected it , and I immediately repacked it for return . It was either heat damaged or extremely poorly made , the feathers are so flimsy that I was afraid to use it . The screws that are supposed to tighten the the tool in the `` T '' slot was so tight in the threaded knob that I could not tighten without the screw spinning . Shame on Amazon for selling such poor quality .
 The price seems good , but it 's still not worth it . Product is flimsy and poorly made . I bought it for use with a Craftsman table saw and it will not fit into the slots in any useful way . The slopy fit probally makes this product dangerous .
 This looks like a good thing , but it is too large for both my Hitachi Table saw and my Inca Bandsaw -- maybe the miter slots on the metric equipment are narrower than the US standard . If so , the description should say so.The expandable nuts , which are supposed to tighten the insert in the miter slot look pretty flimsy , and are engineered so that there is pressure to pull the insert out of the miter slot as you tighten them . Even if I could get the insert into the miter slot , it does n't look like it would stay if I tightened down the nuts to hold it.I 'd pay the money to get a better featherboard .
 Do n't bother !! The screws never tightened down into the table saw groove . The product is useless . Just sorry that I was n't smart enough to send it right back when I got it . Live and learn
 Received it as a gift - like most reviewers I agree that the screws are wrong , they do n't fit the slot properly and make it difficult to insert the slider into the table guide . I will probably throw it away and not dissapoint my daughter.Also one of the turn-screw threads was filled with plastic - took me fifteen minutes to clean it out enough to thread it on.The push stick is rounded slick plastic and I would have to put some rubber or something on the end of it before trying to use it.The cheap plastic has sharp edges and must be trimmed and cleaned up for any sustained use.DON ' T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT
 ... you get a piece of plastic laminate covered fiber board that does not even sit flush with the top of the table saw -LRB- it sticks up about 1/32 '' -RRB- . Supposedly this device is supposed to help stabilize the saw blade -LRB- especially a thin-kerf blade -RRB- , reduce chipping and noise . This may be true , but then it should be a standard feature that comes with the saw rather than the regular insert . I would skip this and build one yourself for a fraction of the cost .
 I have purchased two of these and sent both back . Test cuts showed swirls . I owned a prior blade and used it for years with excellent results . Their quality control has slipped .
 The big problem with this that the straight edge does not reliably lie flat because the bottom of these clamp things surround the straightedge . This causes two things to happen . One , if you are jointing wide boards , the jig can rock , which can cause either a bad cut , or worse , binding and kickback.The second problem is that the second clamp will catch on the edge of your table saw as you feed it through unless you are really careful - again , a bad cut or binding and kickback.I 'm chucking mine before I get hurt and am going to build a simple jig with surface mounted toggle clamps .
 Holy cow , what a piece of garbage . One of the previous reviewers explained it perfectly . The board you 're straight lining can not be held flat on the saw . Not only that , but if you 're doing a board , say , six feet long , then as you slide this along , the bottom of the clamp comes off your saw and then the piece sits flat . This causes the cut NOT to be true . You would need to put a clamp every 15 '' inches or so down the length of your board to keep it consistant . And even if you do that , it 's still not lying flat.What a piece of garbage . I tried it once and threw it in the trash -LRB- after smashing it with a hammer since it screwed up my cherry -RRB- . Luckily , I took my cherry back to my wood store and they straight lined it for me so I did n't lose any .
 At first glance this insert seems well made but it becomes apparent very quickly that Leecraft never tested it on a Delta saw . There are two problems . The first is minor , the screws are not long enough . Their heads hit the top of the countersink , stopping their downward travel , before the top of the insert is flush with the top of the tablesaw . This can be fixed with 1/16 '' longer screws or by drilling the countersunk holes a little deeper.The second problem takes a little more effort to correct . The back adjustment screws are in the same position as they are on the Delta insert . No problems there . The two front screws however have been moved back about 1/2 '' from where they are on the Delta insert . This should n't be a problem because the ledges below the insert are long enough . It becomes a problem though because the adjustment screw on the front left is directly over what was the lock-down hole -LRB- the fifth hole -RRB- on the Delta insert . Because the Leecraft insert uses adjustment screws that are the same diameter and thread pitch as the drilled and tapped lock-down hole below it the adjustment screw has nothing to push against to move the insert upward , and in fact , it will thread itself into the lock-down hole with no height adjustment possible . The Peachtree insert has the same adjustment hole positions as the problematic Leecraft but because they use larger diameter 1/4-20 screws the screw does n't thread itself into the lock-down hole . Leecraft should have either left the adjustment screws where Delta placed them or used larger diameter screws . If they had done any testing they would have found this problem themselves .
 First of all my opinion is that table saw inserts are a good idea . This particular one `` For Delta Models '' does not fit the Delta TS300 . I recommend measuring your current insert and buying the correct size from a local woodworking dealer .
 I ordered one for convenience , but it was junk.IT WAS NOT FLAT!Oh well , live and learn
 Every kid that made it through seventh grade wood shop with a passing grade already knows how to make one of these from a scrap of wood . If you do n't , then you have absolutely NO business using a table saw anyway !
 this product is dangerous , I used mine for probably 8 months before it actually touched the blade , but the first time it nicked my blade it literally exploded in my hand , when it happened its one of those times that it happens soo fast your in shock for a second before you start counting your digits to make sure their all there , I was able to search around my shop and find most of the pieces -LRB- a few were imbedded in my hand -RRB- and notice that the blade just barely grazed the outside of the stick , I count myself as being very luck that I still had my blade cover on because the forward motion of the push stick being there one moment and gone the next my hand would have definately ended up in the blade , Now I cant say why this happened perhaps because I live in the desert and it isnt uncommon for my shop to reach 140 degrees with A/C off in the summer , perhaps the heat dried out the plastic but from now on I will stick with shopmade push sticks
 I am convinced on this item that the reviewers all must work for the manufacturer . Talk about a $ 5 piece of junk . Now , if this were selling for $ 2 , I might rate it higher . This looks and feels like a child 's toy . Make one out of a piece of scrap wood and save your money .
 Do n't get me wrong -- push sticks are important . If you 're interested in keeping all your digits , they 're essential . But the Big Horn 10221B design -LRB- and others like it -RRB- leave an awful lot to be desired . On the table saw , kickbacks are just as dangerous as getting your fingers close to the saw blade , and this design gives you almost no control over your workpiece other than the slippery ability to push it forward . A good design should put ten or more inches of push stick material in contact with your workpiece so you have the control necessary to keep your workpiece tight against the table saw or router fence . Do use a push stick , but only use this kind if you do n't have anything else available
 I got this as part of the featherboard set . It has a rounded slick end that needs a rubber footer added to prevent slipping off of materials . I had to operate on the plastic edges which were sharp and made sustained use uncomfortable.Make one yourself out of a stick and have something as good or better.I threw the featherboard away - got it as a gift .
 The Stots 21150S Push Stick has a self adhesive measurement sticker . Not quality tool for price of the unit . The push stick I received had many bubbles on the face making for a poor quality tool . I 'm sure after a few times handling the push stick the sticker would have become ungluded and would be useless for measuring height of blade and etc. . Ca n't see why the numbers could n't be embossed on the stick . Other manufactures ' of similar push sticks have the numbers etched into the Push Stick for about the same price or cheaper . If you 're in the market for a Push Stick of this type I would suggest you look for other sources .
 I thought I might be able to use the 45 degree angle to set the table saw blade - wrong ! Ca n't do it because of the lip . The angles were not particularly helpful due to placement and roundovers . The push stick function does not work that well either due to the small lip - slips .
 I ordered the WoodWorker II 10 '' and the 6 '' Dampener . The products were shipped seperately . While the WoodWorker II has proved itself to be first class , I can not say the same about the dampener . When I opened the dampener , I found that the label side of the dampener was covered with rust . I really expected better from Forrest given their reputation .
 The designation of this axe/hatchet as a Campers Axe is totally misleading for those of us that spend any time in the bush . This is a very very heavy hatchet . It is a great tool , but not if you have to carry it on your back for 16-20 miles . While I like it and use it on my farm , it is anything but a camper 's tool . I have n't weighed it and Eastwing does not give a weight on their website , but I would never take this tool into the bush for camping -- it is just too heavy . For less weight , I would go to a 26 inch axe like the excellent Council Tool 26 inch Hudson Bay Axe which also is coincidentally considerably cheaper . The Hudson Bay Axe has a 1.75 lbs head which probably puts it around 44 ounces total weight . Or , if you want to stay with a steel handle , get its bigger brother -- same head but with a 26 inch handle -- which will allow more wood processing with less work at a very slight increase in overall weight -LRB- approx 60.8 ounces . While its big Brother weighs more in total weight and this axe/hatchet it actually feels lighter -- most likely because of the balance with the longer handle.Because of its heavy weight , this `` campers axe '' is suitable for car camping , but nothing more . In reading some of the sterling reviews and the high ratings I really have no idea what they are talking about . Let 's see all these reviewers that gave it a five star review take this on five days of 20 mile per day hikes and then see how much they like it -- I guarrantee you they wo n't be giving it such high reviews at the end of their little jaunt -- LOL !!!
 I bought this axe because I wanted an indistuctible camp axe . And with legendary estwing performance I was sure this axe would fall into line with the other products that I have purchased . However out of the box this axe was as dull as a child 's toy . As I was gently using it to split some wood the axe accidentally hit the ground . The dull blade chipped . The steel is so hard that it is brittle . I have worked for hours trying to fix the edge . Very hard to hand sharpen . The axe is way to heavy for bushcraft . This one item will not change the legendary performance that I have experienced with estwing .
 If you take this on a 3 day hiking trip , you might be a goober , but you 'll definitely be sick of carrying it . Just saying ... I think its to small to call it an axe , but bigger than any hatchet I 've ever seen . Should have gone to Lowe 's and bought the one in the hammer isle . Well , after sending this thing back , that 's what I did , but I wish I would have done it first .
 This is probably the best accessary you can buy for your table saw . It is very easy to use and best of all very trustworthy . I have built loudspeakers for a hobby for the last 15 years . I use to only build square and rectangular cabinets before buying this tool because I never had any luck cutting angles with any repeatabilty . Since buying the Osborne I build truncated pyramid cabinets with 10 degree angles all around . With the Osborne , there is no need to test the angle or squareness everytime you adjust the miter . If your blade is parallel to the miter track , the osborne is 90 degree square to the blade when it detents to zero , 45 is 45 , 30 is 30 , etc. . You can believe the scale ! If you want to cut a 15 degree bevel on your table saw , just set the Osborne to 15 degrees , and saw a scrap board . Then , set the saw blade angle to the cut board . That easy and best of all it really is 15 degrees . The 26 inch fence , which has 80 grit or so sandpaper on one side , is long enough to support long heavy cuts without twisting due to the unique triangle design . The adjustable stop is also easy and reliable to use and can be flipped out of the way . The only complaint I have with the Osborne is it needs more expansion adjustment screws in the miter bar for removing any slop in the table saw track . It only has two . A third one in the middle would be nice for very wide cross cuts.Bottom line ... buy one you wo n't go wrong .
 Other than the fact that you have to dissemble this to switch sides of the saw , its a great tool . It does get pretty annoying when you 're making opposite angle cuts that you ca n't just flip the board over .
 VERY LIGHT WEIGHT , almost flimsey . Save over half , buy from Harbor Freight if you must . Most all products , `` BIG HORN '' , are available from Harbor Freight at half price or less !!!
 I found this jig to be -LSB- poor quality -RSB- , flimsy and inaccurate . It is hard to set up and flexes easily making accurate tapers impossible . Take my advise and spend a little more money for a good one or build one yourself . I threw it away .
 For birthdays and other holidays my Sweetheart , kids and grandkids usually buy me woodworking tools . Even though I usually provide them with a list , occasionally things go bad.This jig is one of them . One of the legs was bent out of the box , took some creative straitening methods to get it to work at all . Finally got it assembled and working , sort of . This thing is too flimsy to be of any serious use . Does n't have enough mass to use it on large leg sections . I 'm afraid the push tab will bend . Adjusting it by eye is not a big deal , but the flimsy lock mechnism does not instill confidence in a repeatable cut . The whole thing flex 's when you push the piece thru the saw . After wasting a couple hours and a few pieces of scrap wood , I decided this jig should go back . Unfortutely it was purchased at HD , who would n't take it back , since it had been assembled and used . So on my way out the store , I tossed it in their dumpster . I 'm going to make my own out of some hardwood and brass fittings . I know I can make something a lot more useful than this . Ca n't recommend this jig , except as a model of what not to do .
 I have owned this jig for a while and wish I had spent the money on making my own jig from the get-go . It is very inaccurate and hard to adjust . Make your own .
 I purchased this thinking I would save the time of making one myself . Wrong . When you tighten the angle adjustemt screws , the jig no longer sits flat on the table saw surface . An inaccurate jig is worse than no jig at all . I tried slightly bending the adjusting arm to make the legs sit flat - no luck . A taper jig can be made with very little time and money - do n't bother with this one .
 I did n't see any benefit from this , so I actually tested it . I made a cut with and without , and measured the kerf . They were the same . So , it limits your depth of cut without any benefit . I put mine on CL .
 I see no benefit whatever . It does reduce the depth of cut from whatever your saw allows -LRB- 3 '' + -RRB- to 2.5 inches . For cutting hardwood with minimal burning , Forrest recommends setting the blade as high as possible . The stiffener limits it to 2.5 '' cut .
 Absolutely the finest saw blade I have used in 45 years of wood working . Balance is perfect . It even sounds quieter . And guess what , if it ever does get dull just send it in and Forest will sharpen it for free . I have two of them and they have all but replaced many other blades in my shop.Kelly McCLanahan
 I have two problems with this insert and I consider them very important . First , the insert was not flat . I had to run it through my jointer several times to flatten it . So do n't buy this insert unless you have access to a jointer.But , the major problem was the adjusting set screws were too short to bring the insert to the top surface of my jet saw . I ended up inserting normal pan headed screws from the bottom . This gave me enough adjustment room to get the insert level.So again , do n't buy this insert unless you have access to an assortment of screws .
 When the dust collector was turned on , it sounded like metal hitting on metal , something hitting the cover . Had to return it . Amazon 's customer service is wonderful . It was probably just a problem related to this particular piece of equipment . I bought it as a gift for my husband , and he was disappointed that we had to return it .
 I have purchased this product thinking that its quality would be verified by Amazon . I opened the box and I found a rusty tool that is not working because the motor has stuck the ventilator to the metal case because the motor is very heavy and probably the shipping dropped it and the case bended . Very poor construction and design .
 All the other 1 & 2 star reviews are right . Do n't buy this pump . My old pump finally stopped and I needed to remove the water at the top of my dry well . Went to sears and bought this pump . Plugged it in and for the last 2 hours it runs for 5 seconds , stops for 15-30 seconds and then runs for 5 seconds again . Really ? I read the instructions , did n't use an extension cord and still the thing cycles for 5 seconds . Thanks Simer for a craptastic product .
 Pump worked two times and than crapped out . I dont have time to not return and contact vendor , that is why I buy from amazon and not direct . You got problems you send it back , no questions asked . Couple of days later I bought another pump because I know I dont get jerked around by Amazon . I wish I could buy gas from Amazon .
 Imagine the typical consumer -LRB- like me -RRB- who needs a simple reliable water pump , at a ` semi-crisis time ' . We 've had one of the wettest months on record here in NE Ohio -LRB- ground is saturated -RRB- , and for the first time since we moved here in 1997 , a fairly large puddle formed in our backyard during a long rain storm . I needed a good , reliable working pump to help keep the water at bay , and to pump out as much as I could via a 75 foot hose to the main sewer drain in front of our house . Imagine my sheer and utter frustration , dissapointment , and anger when I saw that this joke of a pump works for 5 seconds every 21/2 minutes , in effect doing NOTHING ! And after rushing out to a local major retailer and paying $ 130 for it ! Before I bought this locally , I should have come here to Amazon and check the reviews -LRB- I did that after , when I saw the unit did n't work as advertised -RRB- . But of course in a ` semi-crisis situation ' , when one needs a pump immediately , one does not have the luxury of checking Amazon reviews before purchasing . To add insult to injury , then I read about a cheap part that ` Simer ' does NOT include here that may supposedly make this pump actually work like it should out of the box ! This pathetic company is a prime example of how and why consumers are being taken advantage of often these days . They should be ashamed of themselves for making a product that simply does not work as indicated it should right out of the box . I will be returning this joke of a pump tomorrow for a full refund .
 Do NOT buy this product if you need something that works reliably . The pump itself does a good job of clearing water if you are lucky enough to get it to run , but if you are not lucky you can expect to sit there and watch your stuff get soaked.The problem is that the electronics in this beast are so poorly designed and flakey that this pump is not worth money . Do n't take my word for it , read the owner 's manual carefully and note the warnings about extension cord length and low line voltage in the `` corrective actions '' section . This is almost a sure sign that the QA testers at the company KNEW they had voltage problems -LRB- or things were at least too close -RRB- but the company decided `` to sell it anyway '' !! Go ahead `` contact the power company '' -LRB- corrective action block 1 line 3 -RRB- and tell them every electrical appliance/device in my house and on my entire street is working fine but `` Smart Geyser '' wo n't work so there must be a problem with the grid ... ??? Last but not least , ! please note ! that if you only have the problems I have had with this thing once , rather than the many times that I experienced you will still be in for the greatest -LRB- lack -RRB- of engineering treats . This pump is completely `` automatic '' , if the faulty electronics fail that 's it -- there is no override , no switch , no nothing.The least these guys could have done was provide a simple switch for manual/automatic operation , but that would probably have required some real engineering and a little consideration of the end user.RGD
 I 've had two of these pumps -LRB- only because I could n't find anything else locally -RRB- and both have driven me absolutely nuts . As other reviewers have noted , the pump wo n't stay running , and keeps cutting out after running a few seconds even when standing in 6 inches of water . Yes , I 've checked everything in the manual multiple times
 Nice idea , I wish it worked . It did work a time or two , but usally does not stay on when there is water to pump . If you try to open it like I did to see if it can be fixed , watch out for the oil inside the motor !
 This pump is terrible . I wish I could have read the reviews online before I purchased the same item in the store . A few days ago , my area had a terrible rain storm that left about 6 '' of water in my basement . I called the fire department to remove the water , and they managed to get the water level down to 2 '' . I already have sump pumps installed , but only one of the three pumps was actually working . The one that does work was actually pumping water into the house because the pipes were clogged . When the fire department came to check out my basement , the fireman told me that soemthing was clogging the escape route for the rear sump pump and that while the pump was plugged in , it was actually pumping water into my basement . -LRB- Obsviously , I unplugged that pump to prevent the flow of water into the house . -RRB- He placed a high powered pump -LRB- worth about $ 300 -RRB- down into the sump pump and removed most of the water . Once the water was too low for the high powered pumps to work , he took those pumps out and he recommended that I purchase a small pump to get up the rest of the 2 '' of water . So , I went to Sears to purchase the pump listed here.As mentioned in previous reviews , this machine has a Geyser electronic sensor that operates the suction power of the machine - not the electric flow . When I purchased this machine , I was expecting that it would the pump would continuously pump out water -LRB- the box says it can pump 1790 gallons of water per hour - yeah right ! -RRB- until I unplugged it . That is not how this machine works . The Geyser sensor detects when there is water and then works through a programmed timed sequence . Verbatim from the instruction manual
 Agree with others who had trouble getting the pump to keep running . In most applications , you would need to use an extension cord . How often would the water be right near an outlet ?? Our pump runs for just a few minutes & then stops , a while later , on then off again . All this while sitting in 5-6 inches of water .
 I bought this pump to help drain a flooded basement , but could not get it to work no matter what I did . I called Simer tech support and tried a few of their suggestions . Still no luck.I tried shorter discharge hoses -LRB- even no hose ! -RRB- , shorter extension cords -LRB- even plugged it right into the wall -RRB- , and different depths of water . Every time the pump would switch on for 4 seconds , pump a little water out of the hose , then stop . Back on for a few seconds , then off . A few minutes later it would start the cycle again . To be fair , for the few seconds it worked , it pumped very well.According to the technician I spoke to , the pump senses when water is present or not based upon the electrical flow to the unit -LRB- which is why he suggested trying a shorter extension cord -RRB- . It seems checking amperage is n't a very reliable method.I 'm taking it back to the store.It 's a real shame . My dad has a couple of Simers from the 80 's that run like champs .
 What a piece of Junk ! The insert was bowed at least .020 '' and I had to shave off material to make it fit . Holes for the set screws had a slight raised area from the drilling/tapping process , which had to be shaved off with a utility knife blade . Take my advice - make your own inserts out of MDF or cabinet grade plywood . Use your stock insert as a guide for the shape . Once you make one , you can use a laminate trimming bit on your router to make perfect copies . You can make a bunch at one time and they will be super flat .
 I bought this PVC insert to use with my chrome plated hollow ground veneer blade . This unit required a lot more work on my end before I could use it . The 4 corner nibs had to be completely filed off before it would fit , and I needed to lightly trim the sides as well . I also cut a keyhole notch matching the Craftsman insert to achieve a positive hold down of the insert to the saw table . Unlike the Leecraft insert , the Bighorn does n't have a recess on the backside . Therefore cutting the insert is a two step process . Put a 7-1/4 '' blade in , cut the kerf , remove the insert and smaller blade , install the 10 '' blade , the insert , and finish cutting the kerf . Another annoyance was the label on the insert did n't just peel off easily , and required mineral spirits to clean the goop off . Finally I had to take a sanding block to the insert to smooth out the burrs from the tapping process for the four adjustment screws , along with any high spots from the molding process . Time is money , whether you 're making a living with your saw , or use it around the house as I do , but spend the extra bucks , and get the Leecraft .
 I tried this for serveral applications with work stations and also for my primary purpose when i bought it originally behind my miter saw . It really is not big enough to be effective in any application ... and really thats my fault for buying it thinking 13x16 was a good size ... so think about your application before taking the plunge or end up owning it like i do and be looking for a good use ...
 Plastic was very low quality and it arrived cracked and broken . Upon installing it , it droped 2 feet and then broke some more .
 This product is not `` As Advertised '' . I was looking for a larger dust hood to help with the dust collection at my miter saw . The Product Specifications AND the Product Details list this item as 33 ' long , 19 '' wide & 26.5 '' height . Sounded perfect for my needs . NOT SO ! The hood is just a regular larger hood available in all the woodworker catalogues . Do not purchase this unless you are looking for the standard hood .
 I bought this hood , plus that junky Shop Fox stand , -LRB- both from Penn State Ind. -RRB- and PSI did n't bother to tell me I needed an additional pipe clamp to hook them up . Of course they did n't offer to pay a dime of the extra shipping . The stand itself is a monument to overseas junk , although the price did n't reflect it . NOTHING fit correctly , the clamp to secure the hood in position was designed by a chimp , and generally I 'd say avoid the whole mess . Make up your own design , it would be less trouble !
 I order BP 1582-wid with leaf cup -LRB- engraving as seen on item -RRB- I received the pull but without the engraving on the leaf . This made my client upset and lost the renovation job . I will exam all products bought and go rom there .
 Got pretty much the exact same product from an external site ... . FOR $ 6.00 -LRB- well , $ 13 if you toss in S&H -RRB- !!!! Do n't get screwed out of $ 30-40 bucks by buying this one . Go to -LSB- ... -RSB- and save yourself some time and money . I know , I did both .
 Once installed , the dust collector works as designed . Care needs to be taken upon installation . The snaps are not centered on each side of the dust collector bag so , if you follow the inclosed directions and center the middle snap on each side of the table saw base , the snaps will not line up with the snaps on the bag . Also , upon screwing the snaps into the table saw base , 1 snap stripped and 2 snaps twisted off so the bag is held up with the remaining 9 snaps instead of 12 .
 I have a Craftsman `` Limited Edition '' saw -LRB- they only made 50 million units -RRB- which like the inexpensive Delta saws have plenty of gaps between the saw top and the saw body , that may need plugging so that a bag like this will work better . You 'll also have to plug the slots made for the blade tilt . If you do all that , you may expose the saw to more dust and heat may build up . You ca n't hook up a Slopvac or dust collector to the DC001 so as to suck up dust and pull in cooler air to reduce heat buildup . I solved this issue by plugging all the vents and gaps and then building a box which fits snugly under the saw -- the box has a hole that will accommodate tubing from my Slopvac -LRB- or a dust collector when I get one -RRB- . Under these conditions , I get much less dust scattered around . you can make one cheaply from 1/2 '' plywood because you have a table saw !
 The ad states it will fit all Delta contactors saws , which is not true.I own a Delta Platinum Edition 10 '' Contractor 's Saw and it does not fit any of what Dleta calls Contactor Saw . It will fit their Table and Bench Saws with stands.The ad states `` with open stand '' and that is true ...
 I just received my new Delta Platinum Edition 36-485 table saw and needed someway to collect dust generated by the table saw and was about to buy item DC001 . Thanks to the reviews , I learned that this item will not fit my new saw even though the mfg and writeup by Tool Crib would lead you to believe otherwise . This mis-representation should be corrected . There is a need for this type of collection system as the metal chute that comes with the Delta saws is totally unsat for use in a workshop .
 Flimsy , top is out of square , takes two hands to open and close the drawers . Also bought the mid cabinet ... same problems . Very disappointed . Wish I 'd never purchased it .
 I ordered the `` Fein TII1MCRN 1 Micron Filter . by Fein '' and received a Generic Filter from China . www.govacuum If I wanted a generic filter from china I 'd have ordered one .
 This is a good quality hose and it will replace the worn out hose that came with your shop vac but there is something else to consider . Although this hose will fit into a standard shop vac the accessories that came with your shop vac such as the extension tube , crevice tool , etc. . MAY NOT FIT THE OTHER END OF THIS NEW HOSE ! only Mr. Nozzles accessories or accessories that use a 11/2 '' I.D. hose end will fit this hose , and Mr. Nozzle does not have alot of accessories to go with this hose so you may end up with a great hose but a poor nozzle etc. at the end of it .
 I bought this for an accessory to my Craftsman Shop Vac because I have had trouble with the hoses cracking and also because I wanted the extra reach . I thought that the swivel nozzle was a great idea to prevent distress on the hose which causes cracking after time . The first problem was that although it fits the 21/4 '' OD vaccuum outlet , the nozzle end is smaller , and does n't fit my 21/4 '' wands . I had to go to a different seller and pay $ 8 + $ 5 shipping for the correct end , which does n't have the swivel . Therefore it keeps coming off when I am vaccuuming . Beside that there is a ridge inside the adapter that cuts the size down to little more than an inch , so I had to constantly disconnect the wands to clear the debris out of the nozzle . I could have bought 2 craftman hoses for what I spent on this hose , and it is completely impractical for picking up anything with any size to it . The only good thing is that it is very sturdy and long .
 I just ordered this product yesterday and after looking around I see this is for a 11/2 '' connection . The ad does not say that so I wrongly assumed it was what I needed . What I needed was the 300N kit.For whatever reason Amazon will not let me cancel or change the order.I now have to contact Mr.Nozzle and hope I can get it changed before it ships.Amazon has good prices but the service they provide is terrible.I will pay a little more somewhere else but I will make sure I can call and get things right if a mistake is made on my part or their 's .
 Ok , I have n't even used this prouduct yet , but I 'm already disappointed in it.First and foremost , it 's not cut to the right sizes . The fit over the top of four different Home Depot 5 gallon buckets is loose at best . The hose ports are also sized incorrectly , and the standard connectors do n't ` grab ' at all . In fact , just to see what would happen , I tried a 21/2 '' extension wand in one of the openings and it sank in almost 3 '' before it tightened up in the hole . I 'd imagine that any control this thing is supposed to have over the airflow in the bucket would be destroyed by that big a change in the postion of the inlets.This lid also is n't made of the typical shop-vac type high-impact ABS , but rather a very brittle , shiny plastic that probably wo n't take any rough knocks in the shop if you should drop something on it.I 'm going to try to bungie the lid down to a bucket to keep it tight , and cut up a few hoses and see if I can make them snug up in the ports . If it works , I 'll post an addition to this write-up explaining how I did it.For now , beware . Even if you get this thing to work , it 'll be with some scratch building and home rigging .
 I give it a star for price as I purchased on sale at a local Woodcraft store for $ 16 . However , I will be returning it . Woodcraft 's website says this fits 2-1/2 '' shop vac hoses . Wrong . A standard 2-1/2 '' vacuum hose is too small to fit over the connector and too large to fit inside it . In fact , they are similar diameters . ONly the fact that the cyclone 's connectors are a thicker plastic than the vacuum hose , make them somewhat different diameters both inside and out . I do not want to take time to force fit or search out adapters to make the connections work . It is also true the lid fits loosely on 5-gallon buckets and you would also need to rig a way to strengthen the fit so dust did not escape and so the lid did not fall off when hoses are moved or the bucket bumped . A total dud in my opinion .
 I bought this , along with two 21/2 - 11/4 reducers that Amazon suggested I purchase so I could use this with my shop-vac that uses 11/4 hoses . Well , the openings on the unit are not 21/2 inches but 21/4 , rendering the couplers useless . Thanks Amazon for wasting my time . I could have made this at home out of plywood and pvc for next to nothing . It is all going back .
 I read in WOOD magazine that applying some weatherstripping helps to keep the lid on the bucket when in use . It really does n't do much , esp . when you factor in the big , relatively inflexible shop vac hose , too . So while this separator does in fact , separate the heavy chips from the dust , it 's quite a hassle to use .
 i purchased on of these separators , the mini , and found an immediate problems . I could not find ANY five gallon metal trash cans anywhere without paying more in shipping than for the can . Most trash cans are now in 6 gallon format and WILL NOT FIT THIS SEPARATOR . I would consider the larger adapter made for the fifty five gallon metal trash can . If not , you will be making a lot of adjustments and trying to find a way to seal the lid so that this will work . The manufacturer should re-mold this product to match the six gallon metal trash can to be usable.Before you buy this product , take a look at local sources for a metal trash can that will fit a twelve inch diameter lid.I hope this review is useful to those who really want a turnkey product without a lot of engineering to make work .
 I followed T.S. 's advice and bought the competing product . It was a little tricky to find , because it 's actually called the CleanStream filter , by Gore . It really does fit beautifully .
 Part is nothing like the picture as shown , they switched the product . I would not recommend ordering from these guys .
 I just received my dust collection hood and it is not what is shown on Amazon 's web page . The most significant difference is the the outlet port is located in the center of the lid and requires inserting the hose vertically . This appears to be a cheaper and possibly less efficient design.With a hose exiting from the center of the hood , it will be more difficult to weight down as one commenter has suggested doing . It is also likely to require additional support to prevent the outlet hose from kinking.I expect that if you have a suction on the outlet that is sufficient , that it will create its own vacuum seal and weighting down the lid wo n't be necessary . The lid could still be weighted down , but not with a 10 lb barbell weight as mentioned by another reviewer.Further , the hood is not specifically for a 30g metal trash can . There are 2 concentric foam seals on the underside . One will fit a smaller trash can and the other will fit on larger cans . The label says `` fits on most standard plastic and metal garbage cans '' . You will notice that the model no . is shown as W1049 twice in the description on Amazon . However , when you get to the `` product details '' section towards the bottom of the page , it says JW1049 - which is what I received.I started the return process online but found that the only option available to me is to return for replacement of exactly same product . That seems fruitless!I have rated it 2 stars -LRB- I do n't like it -RRB- but I have yet to test it in operation .6 December - Received the replacement from Amazon . Their customer service response was great . HOWEVER , the replacement is exactly the same as what I received the 1st time , i.e. what you see is not what you get . I have rarely had any problems with Amazon but I am guessing that in this case , the product they are shipping has changed and their description and picture of it have not . I am currently attempting to arrange for a return and full refund so I can get what I want from another vendor .
 I wish I had seen previous reviewer 's post about Woodcraft before I bought this one . After spending an afternoon trying to rig various fittings to this thing I finally decided , no , I 'm not going to have another duct tape covered Rube Goldberg eyesore in my shop . And so now , after paying $ 9.00 shipping to get it here and $ 17.00 to send it back , I purchased the Woodcraft product and paid whatever it is they charge for shipping only to discover that the same item is now offered on Amazon with free shipping . Color me pissed .
 This item , for it 's price , was a big disappointment . For me the issue was not finding a suitable trashcan . -LRB- Found one at my local home improvement warehouse -RRB- . My issue was the total lack of design consideration as far as vacuum leaks were concerned . The basic principal of this thing , I guess , was just to drop this thing on a trashcan stick two hoses IN the holes on the lid and just hope all the air leaks would not drop the efficiency of the system to the point that it would still move some dust.After one look I decided that this thing needed some rework . The first thing I did was went to my local home improvement warehouse and picked up some PVC fittings that I could cut , grind , epoxy , and basically fabricate into 2 solid nipples that I could attach to the lid and clamp my 4 '' dust hoses onto . Then it was a simple matter of taking some black 3/8 '' weather stripping and applying it to the out side of the trashcan just under the rolled lip at the top . This provided a pretty good seal . All told all this stuff added an additional $ 20 to the cost of this product.When my rework was complete the system works very well . 99 % of the dust is trapped in the can making dumping the collector bag a very rare event . The vacuum efficiency is very good . To the point that if all my blast gates are closed it will actually start to collapse the sides of the steel can . Not a big deal but it might be a little worrisome if the dust collector and can are in the other room and you start to hear noises like a depth charge starting to implode.There are other products out there for similar money that require no rework , Looks like woodcraft has a nice offering -LRB- Part # 143290 -RRB- , but I have not been able to locate it on Amazon yet.Hope this was useful .
 I purchased two cyclone seperators , one for each dust collector , so far , I can not find a 30 gal or any other garbage can for which to get a snug fit . I worked so hard to get my dust collection system air tight that I ca n't see using a device where the 4 `` hoses fit so loosely that you can see light around the connections and the lid is totally loose around the all the cans I tried . There are no instructions or tips to seal this device and if you try to return it you incur a restocking fee .
 This may work as advertised , but try finding a 30 gallon galvanized trash can these days . I 've been searching Sears , Home Depot , Lowes , etc. and I 've been online for an hour . I found one place selling cans , but they 're on the other side of the country and only sell them in-store . Everybody now carries the Rubbermaid 32 gallon cans , and this lid wo n't fit those . Also , I 've heard rubber cans buckle from the vacuum . I may never get the chance to find out if this works or not .
 For that price it should come with the hoses show in the picture and have a way to clamp them on at least , boy I would have been pissed if I had ordered this and did n't get the stuff shown in the photo !
 The separator does not have fittings to attach hoses to ... How do I attach hoses ???? Do I need #d 4x4jw fittings ???? Thanks
 The idea is great . However , the it is way overpriced for a piece of ABS plastic . I has no instructions . I does not provide for a place to attach hoses . For this price you should not have to run around , spend more time and money to figure out a way to attach the hose .
 I 'm not sure what giant trash can this is designed for , but not any one you can buy at home depot . It is a constant hassle adjusting the lid so that you can maintain suction . As mentioned before attaching your hoses is pretty sloppy with lots of suction loss as well . I guess with some modifications it may work better , but if I 'd wanted to make my own I would have do it .
 I purchased this design over a year ago . You have to push the hose through the opening and clamp it into place from the inside . You can fix this with sealant and pipe or like I did with duct tape which will leak . I recently found another one at Woodcraft that is made much better and has fittings that you clamp the hoses onto . Brilliant!Save yourself a major headache and disappointment and buy the one from Woodcraft .
 I got this separator a couple of weeks ago and have been disappointed . First , it does n't seal well to the top of the trash can , and second , the top only has two holes for the hoses to friction fit inside . There is no way to clamp the hoses to it or to make a tight seal . For this price , it should have male ports and some sort of a foam or rubber gasket to seal positively to the can.When I used it with my jointer , it only seems to collect about 10 percent of the chips , most continues on to the bag in my dust collector . I am going to save my money and get a good quality cylclone separator like the Onieda Air system .
 This is supposed to fit shop vacuums with a 2-1/4 '' opening . But the coupling on it is only 2-1/8 '' OD and it slips through the 2-1/4 '' opening on my Sears Craftsman shop vacuum . The other end has no coupling or taper -- just the cut off end of the hose . The cut end could thread into the same coupling that is on its other end , but neither end will go on to any of the friction fit tools that come with my vacuum , or the vacuum itself . So before you buy this , make sure you can actually use it .
 I looked on this product description and it stated that it would fit 2-1/4 '' OD ShopVacs . I must say that it was shipped and I received it within 2 days -LRB- very fast -RRB- but when I opened the box I found the hose itself had an OD of 1-3/4 '' and inside Diameter of 1-1/4 '' . Very small . The grey adapter had an OD of 2 '' ID of 1-3/4 '' . I 'm not sure what this is supposed to fit . Please be careful . I am returning this now . I hope Amazon includes a bit more information in their product descriptions in the future .
 Great quality but it does n't fit my Rigid brand vac I rigged something up to work but it leaks . Should include an adapter for a very popular vacuum .
 I recently received the kit with three different hose adapters , two tools -LRB- crevice and claw -RRB- and 12 feet of hose . There was indication in the write up that it would work on a craftsman vac . None of the adapters fit the vac . Only the crevice tool fit the Mr nozzle hose coupling . After much sanding and grinding on the claw tool I removed three plastic rings and got somewhat of a fit . I managed to cut the craftsman vac insert down and duct taped it to one of the adapters to get it to hook up to the vac . The hose is not all that flexible and holds a memory of the original packaging winding . This was an expensive mistake .
 This handle went on very easy , but the swoop is upside down ... other than that it 's great . I would n't have even noticed , but every guy who comes into my house points it out .
 Shipping on this reamer was quite fast and it was well packaged . I received the reamer in good order , but further inspection revealed that this was typical Chinese manufacture , which means nothing was hardened.Do the Chinese not understand ANYTHING about metallurgy ?? It 's not like there are n't books for that . I can do case hardening of small parts on my stove top . Hey , here 's an idea ; Go to Amazon.com and look up heat treatment in books . 16,249 results . The US and the Germans are NOT keeping this stuff a state secret . Black oxide may make a part look like it was heat treated , but is not , in itself , a heat treatment process.ANYHOW ... -LRB- breathe , Bob , 10 count , I 'm OK -RRB- ... , this tool was completely unusable , as the shank was not heat treated and could not be turned in the work without twisting . Avoid it . If you want a good adjustable reamer , stick with the much more expensive Cleveland reamers . You will , at least , save the cost of an unusable Chinese reamer . Oy Veh.REGjr
 The product is not as described , instead of having four -LRB- 4 -RRB- bags as shown , it has three -LRB- 3 -RRB- . That makes a big difference in air flow . The original filter had four -LRB- 4 -RRB- bags .
 This certainly did n't live up to my expectations . Collets are PLASTIC and therefore ca n't do what they are supposed to - hold the knife blades FIRMLY in place . Buy the name brand - it 's worth it .
 When my old Sears vac died , I decided to try the Shop-Vac 610 - it looked strong and the stainless steel tank looked like it would last forever.One thing I neglected to check on was POWER . This machine is light duty , and I should have known the small hose size was indicative of its capability - it is not nearly as powerful as the old , noisy Sears unit.If anyone will make me an offer for this unit , I would like to upgrade to something that really performs like a shop vac should .
 I have had this shop vac less than 3 months and the front casters have broke . One of them has been totaly destroyed . It -LRB- the -RRB- shop vac has not been abused at all . The other day I noticed that the shop vac was moving poorly on my drive way . So I checked it out and found that one of the front casters was totaly broken . How do I GET new casters for this shop vac . model #LPV 550 / 16gal , 5.5 hp . I went back to Lowes and bought a new set of casters but they did not fit . Please Help . thanx
 This tool box is terrible . The drawers are not aligned , they will hardly close and it is almost impossible to lock . I bought this tool chest because Waterloo used to be a good name . This chest looks like it was made by a monkey taught by two three year olds . It is a piece of cr * p.
 First off , I must say that while the product worked it was completely awesome . Quiet , small , great suction , loved the power tool switch , and it would run for hours on end . I gave mine a pretty good workout finish sanding bevelled siding after the siding had been stripped of paint . No complaints about it , the machine took the fine dust without a complaint.The first Turbo 2 fell to its death off my painter 's plank . I took it in to a Fein service center , and they told me that it would be more expensive to repair the motor than to buy a new vaccuum . OK , so now I have a parts supply for the replacement.The second Turbo 2 seems to have gagged itself on drywall dust . As other reviewers mentioned , the motor started smelling hot and got a lot louder . Again , too expensive to repair.I see the new ones are a lot more expensive , and require new filtration accessories . I never used any accessories , just the standard cloth filter bag . Until the most recent demise , there were no problems with using the standard filter . The filter bag would be caked in crap , but the motor would be clean . Now , I need to spend $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , AND buy extra filters ??? For the price , I 'll be looking at Festool , Porter-Cable , or Wap 's machines .
 I 've had this model of vacuum for 8 or 9 years , and when I decided to purchase another for my business I ordered it through amazon.It arrived in a box with ZERO protective packing . Not a bit of foam or cardboard . Not a single bubble of bubble wrap.Guess what ? It was damaged . The hose intake plastic flange was shattered . I 'm sure the return policy is great -- blah blah blah . But it 's a hassle and I really needed the product when it arrived.So great vacuum , BUT I strongly advise against using Amazon to purchase it.-Steve
 I bought the Fein Turbo II to replace my old ShopVac Commercial . After using it for over a year , I can say I 'm very disappointed . What 's wrong you ask . First , there is no place to store the cord or the hose . On the ShopVac , the cord coils nicely around the top and can even stay in place when you remove the motor to empty the canister . You can coil the cord around the Fein , but it will prevent opening the latches . There is this annoying projection on the lid , which always seems to catch the hose when dragging the machine . And the worst comes when you have to empty it . I have to drag out the old ShopVac just to clean up the mess the Fein makes when you go to empty it . The problem is that the `` filter '' fits very snuggly on the rim of the vac and is the barrier between the canister and the motor . It must be removed to empty the canister . Well , a heavy layer of dust collects on the underside of this filter and when you ` pop ' it off , the cloud of dust looks like the Bikini Atoll A-bomb test . You really should vacuum off the filter before putting back in , but how can you do that with the vacuum disassembled I ask ? Hence the other vacuum . I still have to ware hearing protection when using the Fein , and by the way , when I turned on the ShopVac to clean the filter , I noticed that the Fein was n't all that much quieter in a side-by-side test . The receptical for the auto-start feature will pull out , exposing the wires if the tool plug fits snuggly , a safety hazard . The only redeeming virtue and the only reason you have n't seen my Fein ` For Sale ' is the autostart feature
 I gave away my Ridgid shop vac as soon as the Fein box arrived from Amazon.com . That was a mistake !!!! ... this vac is too delicate to use `` hard '' during my kitchen demo/remodel - and I got so frustrated with the filter and small 1-1/4 '' hose constantly clogging , I gave up and bought another Ridgid vac . I think this vac would work great for woodworking , but general construction site conditions far out tax this machine , and it 's difficult to get filters/bags ...
 My complaint about this vac is the supplied cloth filter.It has a plastic ring that the motor sits on , the problem is it relys on this ring for a tight seal so debris you are vacuming doesnt get into the motor section.When cleaning this filter you have to treat the ring like fine china because if you knock it against something to dislodge dust to clean the filter it cracks.Once cracked its no good I have tried every adhesive-sealant out there to fix it , nothing will stick.I 'm a contractor , if I use this on a job site and I cant clean the filter what am I supposed to do ask the homeowner to use their vacuum to vacuum my vacuums filter , give me a break.Heres a thought for you people at fein , make the ring out of rubber or a material that can flex instead of cheap plastic.These filters are fifty bucks a pop and I have been through two this year.I would have been farther ahead buying a sears vac which last forever and providing my crew with earplugs , lol .
 I WAS HAD . The blurb mentions attachments -LRB- plural -RRB- Where are they ? I got one !!! I called and was laughed at . Sort of a `` Sorry , sucker '' laugh . I wanted to know where the instructions were and got snickered at again . I guess that one page bit of nonsense with typos was all I was going to get . No explanation of how the automatic turn on off works . Called the manufacturer 's distributor and got laughed at again.While this may be a fine piece of equipment -LRB- I gave up and gave it away -RRB- it is totally lacking in -LRB- 1 -RRB- the attachments that are needed to use it -LRB- oh , did I mention that for nearly $ 100 `` they '' will sell you an accessory kit . Yeah , right ! -RRB- and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the user 's manual is all but useless and there is no on line help that I could find.Save your money and buy one of the noisy but well equipped and instructed Craftsman marginal pieces of equipment .
 In my shop this is to expensive to use compared with the washable pre-filter . One of these might last a month , but the washable type lasts for years . I have two washables so it is simple to switch when the time comes , and from personal experience it is cost effective to use washables .
 This is an adequate clamp . It attaches dust collector hose to outlets and appliances . It is , however , a total rip off in price . Amazon charges $ 5.40 for ONE of these clamps . This despite customer reviews of the item that put the price at 55 and 59 Cents for one ! This is misleading . Do n't believe it . It 's $ 5.40 EACH . Elsewhere on Amazon other vendors do indeed sell these same or equivalent and better clamps for only 55 cents and 59 cents each . Mine are going back right away . I foolishly believed that the reviews supplemented the item description plus I was incredulous that anyone would charge TEN FOLD what the others on Amazon were charging . I was taken and it has damaged my trust in Amazon .
 The narative about this 4 inch dust collection clamp is not clear about how many are in the package . I had purchased wire clamps before and got 10 for about $ 7.00 . When this one arrived it was only one - not two or five - just one . How can one cost as much as five or more ? I would not click this item for purchase .
 Do n't waste your money on these . First of all , the metal of the screw itself is flimsy garbage that bends under the slightest pressure , making the entire thing broken . As I write this , the pile of bent , broken , or otherwise useless clamps is steadily growing.Secondly , and more importantly , the screw is too short , meaning that you will max it out to the maximum tightness possible , and your dust hose will still slip off the fitting . I 've had to wrap every single fitting with three or four layers of duct tape , simply to give it enough traction to let the thing clamp properly , and even then it still sometimes slips off . Absolutely infuriating . I 'm ordering some Jet clamps to replace this useless crap . Do n't make my mistake , its worth the extra couple bucks .
 I REVIEWED THE JET ALUMINUM GATEJet JW1142 4-Inch Aluminum BlastgateAND RECOMMEND THE PLASTIC GATE INTEADWoodstock International G1843 4 '' Plastic Blast GateWHILE I DO NOT KNOW IF THIS APPLIES TO A SHOP THAT PRODUCES `` WOOD DUST '' ONLY , MY SHOP PRODUCES METAL-SHAVINGS AND GLASS-BEAD DUST WHICH CAUSES THE ALUMINUM GATES TO JAM.I HAVE A HARD TIME MANIPULATING THE ALUMINUM GATES , WHERE AS THE PLASTIC GATES HAVE GIVEN ME RELIABLE SERVICE AND OPEN AND CLOSE SMOOTHLY .
 I was happy to find this product on Amazon , except for the rather high per unit price . Until I saw the eight dollar shipping price for just one screw !!!!! Good thing I did n't click the buy button without checking .
 Dust hoods and tapered connections do n't go well together - I 'd rather -LSB- have -RSB- a non-tapered fitting so I can get a hose clamp on it without it coming off
 one of the holes is always shooting-out air no matter how I set it up . It is me or this product could be better .
 The lock wore out after only 4 months , and will need to be replaced . Also , the larger pieces of mail often do n't clear the hopper , which makes the locking compartment useless for these pieces . The mailbox looks nice , but I 'll be replacing it with something sturdier and better designed .
 If you have zero tolerance for mail theft it will cost you $ 200 plus for a secure mailbox . Try Fort Knox boxes . If you do n't believe me buy this box and try and pry it open with a large screwdriver or wonder bar . You 'll realize the only reason to lock it is to keep the door from flapping in the wind.Search `` Oasis Jr Locking Mailbox Vulnerable to Fishing and Prying '' on youtube1 :47 well spent
 I live in the country and bought one of these mailboxes because of mail theft . It has been broken into 3 times since I installed it ! Lucky for us we empty it every day after the mail is delivered . It was quite apparent that the thief used a screw driver to pry open the door . The tab on the lock bends very easy . Bought it at Home Depot and wish I could return it .
 I live by the beach in Hawaii and mine is completely rusted out after 18 months . Ca n't get the top to close any more and rain pours right in .
 I got this to tighten my 6 &#34; ducting onto a filter . It was worthless . It would never screw tighter due to the end being warped so I removed it and used pliers to make it flat again and the same thing happened once it got to the same spot . I went to the local hydro store and got much higher quality ones for about the same price . I 'll definitely not be buying another one of these .
 These gates clog often for me . Since the blast door is contained , chips get jammed into the slot and they keep the door from closing completely . Since these doors can not be disassembled , they are difficult to clean .
 The trouble with the design of this blast gate is there is no way to clean out any accumulated dust . Even with the best dust collector , you will always get some stray dust or debris that accumulates on the gate . Every time you open and close the gate , this dust get packed into the bottom of the gate . Eventually , the gate will not close all the way . As more dust gets trapped , the less the gate can close . I did n't observe this until about a year after using them . I will have to replace all these gates with the metal version which has cut corners that will not allow any dust to get trapped . With the metal version , any dust or debris gets pushed out of the corners when the gate is closed.Conclusion ... dont waste your money on these !
 These are junk . I bought 7 of these blast gates and while installing them , four of them came apart . I was not rough with them . Bad glue job or maybe poor glue , but in order to use them , I drilled all four corners and bolted them together . Now I find out they clog very quickly . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY for these blast gates .
 These gates where given to me as I first put in my dust collection system and I can see why . If they are n't clogged up they are falling apart as I clean all the sawdust that got jammed up in the groove the gate slides into . I 've replaced all of them within 3 months of installing them . Now all the dust they collect is taking up space on my shelf in my shop while I figure out who I hate the most so I can pass them on .
 These blast gates clog and are difficult to clean . After trying to get used to them they 're going to be given away . I hate these gates . They suck .
 True adapter quickly connects to hose and is air tight , but ... disconnects -LRB- while in use -RRB- from tool -LRB- table saw , jointer , planer , etc. . -RRB-
 As another review stated , this item keeps disconnecting . It even does it while not attached to a DC hose !
 I generously gave this 2 stars.I bought 1 of these because quick disconnect is a great idea , especially with my little portable dust collector and I wanted to see if this could work.I put it on my hose and tried to connect it to my Jet jointer and it just fell right off ! I pushed and twisted and it slid off again and again . Tried it on my table saw which has the dust port upside down which will actually help something fall off given the weight of the hose and gravity and it did fall off.I marched down to a local retailer that sells these and they all did the same thing on their equipment.Where these did seem to work better was connecting them to blast gates where the seemed matched to each other . They would not reasonably connect to any jointer or tablesaw outlet . I tried a half dozen different combinations.I wondered how a company can produce something that was a great idea but would n't connect to the equipment it was supposed to connect too . I thought I was using the wrong pieces or missing something . The sales people told me that some machines are different and sometimes things just work by trial and errror . That was hardly a reasonable explanation for me . I thought that all the parts from a given brand come from the same mold . I tried cross brands and they were all identical . 2 brands I worked with , Jet and Delta.So I thought that maybe I should make a pig tail to lay on the ground to plug into . That way gravity wo n't work against me in either situation.Before I wanted to waste money making pig-tail 4 '' hoses I tried one idea . DUCT TAPE.I hate the idea of duct taping anything other than ducts but i did n't have anything too lose at this point.Here goes ... I wrapped one revolution of silver duct tape around the dust collection outlet of my jointer . This quick disconnect went on beautifully . I was shocked ! I think it does 2 things , It obviously increases the friction area to help make a tighter fit and it also is a different material and texture that seems to provide a better grip .2 hard . slippery plastic surfaces , the dust collector outlets from the machines are slick and tapered naturally making the attaching quick disconnect fitting want to slip slide away from each other . Seems that research and developement should have researched a bit better.I duct taped the outlet of my tablesaw as well and the fit seems fine . I believe I can enjoy quick disconnect ability now .
 These do n't work properly for me . After much frustration , I bought a system that has a positive locking mechanism -LRB- `` FazLok '' quick disconnect fittings available from Wordworker 's Supply -RRB- . The FazLock connectors work just fine with the PSI 4 '' hose .
 I do n't know why I bought this , even after reading the other reviews . The logic of the quick disconnect to move from machine to machine seemed cost justified . However , the product will disconnect while in use , and even disconnect if not perfectly flat.Rather than use this product , avoid , avoid , avoid . Set your dust collection system up with `` Y '' or `` T '' fittings to each machine with blast gates to control the air flow . This hard wired system , even though it cost more , will be much better system to operate and use without hassles .
 I bought this hoping I could slide it onto the outside of my tablesaw dust port and attach my shop vac hose to it . Both the outside of this adapter and the outside of the tablesaw port are 4 '' . In other words it is a male to male connection . I could not find a female version.The solution I found was to get a 45 degree pvc plumbing joint for about $ 3 . I could not find any other plumbing part that fit snugly , all the others were loose . The elbow holds the reducer snugly as well as the port from the tablesaw . I epoxied the adapter to the pvc elbow . You can then tape or glue the elbow to your tablesaw port as you desire for your purposes . This method worked a lot better than spending another $ 25 on a 4 '' hose that I did not need.Here is a link to the part at home depot
 This item is recommended for purchase with the excellent DeWalt DW734 thickness planer , but it does not fit the DeWalt dust port . Fortunately , I also purchased the DustRight dust separator and either it or the planer -LRB- I do n't remember which -RRB- came with the correct adapter .
 Amazon has this listed with the page for the Jet JJP-8BT as `` People often buy this '' . Do n't spend the extra $ 5.00 . One it does n't fit onto the dust collector that is part of the Jet and second the Jet comes with a 4 ' to 2-1/2 '' adapter already that does fit .
 my dust collection main tubing is 4 '' with a 5 '' hose connecting the 4 '' tube to the 6 '' dust collector inlet through reducers i reviewed before but i did not want those big diameter hoses connected to my machines so i decided to buy many of these 4 '' to 2-1/2 '' reducers so i could use my machines more easily . a must .
 The dimensions given are not stated whether they are inside or outside , but I bought it anyway because it was not expensive . I found that the large end was the same as the fitting on my table saw so I have to fashion a sleeve to make it work . Having said that it fit my shop vac perfectly and it works fine .
 Dose n't Fit 21/2 fitting on my table top machines . Is n't that the whole purpose ? It is the same size as the machine ports . Will not fit over or in port , only flush . Bummer I bought 5 of them
 This is the first time I have been disappointed with ordering from Amazon . The product itself was as described but I odered a dust hood and some clamps with it and found out AFTER THE ORDER WAS PLACED that the clamps came from a different vendor and therefore the order was not eligible for free shipping and then that the dust hood -LRB- the reason for the order -RRB- would not be shipped for a month . I have no use for the reducer withhout the hood but it was shipped promptly and the hood was not . I cancelled the clamp order and the hood order but the cost of returning the reducer was more than the cost of the reducer itself . If the delay were made known at the time of the order I would not have placed it and would not be wary of any future orders .
 the similar connection from the hose manufacture cost much much less.you have used up my patients . I will not rate another of your products
 But , dumb me , I was sure this was exactly what I needed . It turns out that I have the same problem as others - it wo n't fit on my dust collector hood 4 '' opening . Guess I 'll look around for something I can use to couple them but I should n't have to do that .
 The 4 inch end wo n't fit any of my tools . It is the same size as the tool dust collector . I am going to buy a piece of 4 '' sewer pipe to see if it will work to connect this item to my Dewalt Planer , Jet bandsaw , and delta joiner .
 I purchased this item expecting it to hook up to a standard shop vac hose for catching chips coming off a DeWalt 735 bench top planer . The 2.5 inch outlet will not match up to most large shop vacuums .
 This item is the worst mail order item I have ever recieved . Both the picture and the Edititorial Review are very misleading . You need to be careful when you remove it from the box as even the slightest catch will tear the thin membrane.If not for the dire need I have I would return it . As it is I plan on throwing it out as soon as a real dust collection hose arives from Trend-Lines .
 I have a 2HP system and this hose will collapse in many situations . It can be useful in short runs as a branch between the machine and the main vac line , but will collapse if it is part of the main line.If you locate your blast gate BETWEEN this hose and the vac , you should be OK . The plastic is very thin , so do n't use it in exposed locations where users may rub against it or cutoffs might fall on it .
 This is similar to a dryer vent hose . When dust collector is turned on the hose jumps up and tries to retract into itself . Also noticed reduced suction power compared to a smooth bore hose .
 This hose is JUNK ! A poor excuse for a shop tool/supply , it is simply dryer hose ! Do n't buy it , or you 'll end up returning it like I did !
 This hose is made with a very flimsy plastic material that does not hold up under typical home work shop conditions . The glued joints that hold the fabric to the metal coil are not secure . I was very dissapointed in it .
 I can kick myself for not reading these reviews before I ordered it . This is the worst thing I have ever recieved -LRB- not worth the postage -RRB- . Sure , the price is less . If I was n't in such dire need I would return it immediately . As it is , I will just temporarily use it until my `` real '' dust collection hose arives -LRB- from Trend-Lines -RRB- and then just throw it out.By the way it may not colapse with suction but if you do n't trim your fingernails before you take it out of the box you will most likely slice the thin membrane that holds it together . The picture and Ed Review are misleading .
 This hose is great if you 're looking for a shop vac that ' l take care of extraction off a small machine into a portable vacuum system , but it is no good if you 're planning to connect up to a 2HP cyclone system for example ... . The hose simply does not have the rigidity to prevent a sideways collapse under a powerful vacuum as claimed . It may hold up if you kept it fully stretched all the time , but that defeats the point.What you ca n't tell from the photograph is that this is the same sort of flexible hose one might use on a clothing drier exhaust , and the full 50 ' length comes packed in a 5 ' box.I sent mine back .
 Even after reading the reviews , I thought it would be worth a shot to buy 50 ' of hose for an incredible price . It arrived in a rather small box for a 50 ' hose , so I had my doubts as to the likeliness of it serving my shop . After taking it out of the box it reminded me of a Slinky with a thin plastic membrane . Remarkably the hose did extend to 50 ' ! My application was primarily to connect my floor sweep and move it about the shop during cleanup . Unfortunately when the hose is connected to a dust collector -LRB- mine is a 2hp model -RRB- the hose will constrict -LRB- like an accordion -RRB- and collapses back to about four feet . Next , I tried to use it with some of my connections , but the same problem prevented the hose from being practical.Lastly - I decided to use the hose as an exhaust for moving air through the finishing area . Works fine for this application . I would highly recommend using the Jet hose or solid tubing for a DC connection . This was not a wise investment however it was also not too costly .
 There is a reason this hose is inexpensive - it 's cheaply made and not very good dust collection hose . As a matter of fact its pretty much just dryer hose in black plastic . I 'm not returning mine because I should have known better , but I 'm pretty disappointed .
 This hose is defective , poorly designed and or manufactured . I connected it my Harbor Freight dust collector and it recoiled and collapsed . It actually turned side ways and collapesed closed . Waste of money -- I returned it.I have bought other hose and it worked great -- this is very similar to hose used on a clothes drier .
 Thought I would save a few bucks by buying this kit instead of individual items . I started by trying to install the table saw hood . Notice there is no part # or size listed , well it came with a 12 '' hood for a small contractor 's saw . I needed -LRB- and most tables saws need -RRB- a 14 '' hood . Well I was able to make it work with some good old duct tape . Next promlem was I could not get the hose to stay clamped to the outlet . So I unducktaped the whole thing figuring I was n't aligning it right working under the saw.Turns out the outlet is tapered so when you tighten the clamp it forces the hose to slide off . BTW the description says you get G2974 clamps , but it actually came with inferior JW1022 clamps.If you order one you might get the one I am returning .
 8 days I stared at my brand new dust collector . But on the 8th day it came . A big box of overpriced hose . Who 's the genius in product developement that puts tapered ends on blastgates ? Anybody wan na guess what happens when you put a pressure clamp on a tapered fitting . Yep . Slides right off . As you look at ALL the other pieces , Tapered ends . AWESOME !!! I 'm so tickled , I 'm gon na go swallow glass . This is why I hate that these items have to be ordered .
 These blast gates crack easily , and are a constant frustration . I was able to find aluminum ones for the same money , so I bought those and plan to replace all the plastic ones . Aluminum gates are much more durable .
 6 '' plastic gates are a junk . They crack , leak , and are not fixable . You can buy metal ones for not much more $ , and they are way better .
 This is not useful as it is not an adapter with a large and small end , and therefore will not connect to a saw vent . Both ends are the same size . It cost $ 5 and $ 5.43 for shipping .
 This downdraft table is poorly constructed with poor materials . The sides and bottom is of MDF board with rather crude joints -- one of the corner joints came apart during shipment . I had to glue it back together . The top is just a piece of peg board that sits on rabbets of the side panels . You have to put a piece of non-slip material -LRB- very wrinkled from the shipment -RRB- on top of the peg board . The peg board falls out everytime I move the table -LRB- heavy because of the MDF boards -RRB- since the peg board is not fastened to the base in anyway . The dust collector connector just pushes into a hole in the base . The whole table costs about $ 12 in material to make . To charge so much for such low quality in both material and workmanship is ridiculous !
 My neighbor bought one of these tables as his shop is actually in a spare bedroom . It arrived in sad shape , two of the corners had come apart and we had to glue and clamp it back together . It works ok but is pretty heavy and as mentioned before the top is not fastened to the carcass . This problem was easily fixed with some glue and screws . Do n't know where the idea of the cloth screen came from , it just clogs up and hampers the vac 's performance . It works ok now , but I think I will build my own . I think I can build one for the cost of shipping this one .
 Clearly it was n't engineered well enough to handle being shipped -LRB- or was n't packaged or packed well enough -RRB- , so even if it was good at its job , imagine dropping it onto your workbench ... Not much good after that either . Might be worthwhile if you epoxy it to a block of wood along one edge . Provided it arrives in one piece , that is .
 I expected more from Delta . While the mechanism that turns the wheels runs smooth , the large wheel needed to be dresses up . It is very soft , so much wheel is lost during sharpening if you are not careful . The drain plug for the water basin is far too small . The tool rest for the dry grinder is cheap stamped steel , what you would expect from a cheap import . The tool rest for the wet wheel was is cast aluminum -LRB- no rust -RRB- but instead of using a milling machine to surface it , they used a belt sander , so it is not very smooth , which causes tools being sharpend and the cheap sliding miter to catch while sliding back and forth . If you are looking to sharpen hand planer blades , or wood chisels it is difficult to get a straight edge with this `` grinder '' , but it puts a nice edge on an ax -LRB- so does a good whetstone for far less $ $ -RRB- .
 I 've had the Delta for over a year now and am a little disapointed w / the grinder . As in the other reviews , the wet wheel is very soft , and in the year of avg to light use , the 10 '' wheel is now probably around 7 '' -LRB- or less -RRB- . You MUST dress the wet wheel frequently or else end up with a pretty severe oval -LRB- trust me on this one ! -RRB- . The dry wheel was n't bad but I did need to add the Veritas Grinder Tool Rest to make it really useful . Plus , you will need a good set of stones -LRB- I prefer water -RRB- to truely hone your edge.In hind site , I would rather have bought a regular Bench Grinder -LRB- i.e. Baldor -RRB- . You have much more flexability in the type of wheels that you can get for grinding -LRB- shaped , silicon carbide , felt , leather , ... -RRB- unlike the 2 stones here .
 This has been a disappointment from day one . Take a look at my other reviews and you 'll see that I 'm a straight shooter , and only too happy to give praise when warranted . Here , however , the right rating is one star . The comment about the rests being unsuitable for lathe tools is precisely right . Worse , the one on wheel wobbling is spot on , too.The stone that came with my unit had a `` hard spot '' that would n't true no matter how much I tried to dress it out . Eventually my dressing stone `` caught , '' and there was an ugly `` snap . '' I opened the unit up and was amazed to find that the main wheel was splined onto a nylon gear . Instead of engineering a steel gear with a shear pin to take an overstress , Delta went with a cheap nylon gear . Mine was in pieces , all over the gearbox.I wo n't waste the cash to repair it , and I 'm not kidding.It 's been weeks since I endured this , so this is n't a hot-headed review . I am , frankly , amazed that Delta let this piece of junk have their name on it.If this is what Delta is becoming now that B&D ; has them , I 'm concerned .
 I loosing faith in delta slowly but it is happening . this grinder looked and sounded OK for my purposes . But the slow wheel wobbles side to side so much it is not worth the aggravation . I tried Truing it , Shimming it and reversing the wheel . All to no effail . upon Reversing the wheel I noticed that the wheel shaft is machined to small creating the wobble . there is nothing that can be done . I am disappointed in delta For this design
 This grinder is a very good design and configuration for tool edge preparation . It lends itself to a good rough out then polish of the tool edge.The flexibility of the large wheel tool rest is excellent . The overall design eliminates all vibration , and runs smoothly.However two main points of the operation are very lacking.First the 6 inch wheel rest does not accomodate itself to the angles of lathe tools . Attempting to adjust this rest to more than 15 degrees is not possible because the rest design and attachment point prevent this.Modifying this attachment by adding spacers to provide clearance will allow securing angles needed . Once this is done though , your rest will be too far away from the wheel . You will then have to add an additional plate to the rest that extends closer to the wheel.The second detriment , is the speed of the large polishing wheel . The speed this wheel turns is too slow . It is very difficult to hold or guide a tool with an irregular edge across this wheel at the perfect angle without gouging a channel into the large wheel.Gouges appear almost instantly , and then attempting to dress the wheel to repair these gouges takes way too much time because of the slow speed it turns . Extreme pressure is needed to grind the wheel true . This one aspect , trueing the large wheel , takes many minutes with the best of diamond dressing tools.It will take considerable practice to use the polishing stone effectively , and the use of this wheel will consume many minutes of your time to use . Time you should be using to use the tool you just sharpened.If I can recommend to the engineers how to improve this grinder I would suggest to : Redesign the 6 '' wheel tool rest to incorporate greater flexibility of angle configuration.Redesign the polishing wheel gear reduction to increase the rpm 's of this wheel to 500 rpm.If this were done , this would be the perfect tool sharpening grinder value available.James HollandHandturnedbowls.bizcadman013@eartlink.net
 I havd owned this grinder for about six months and I am ready to throw it in the trash . To start with , the wheel is too soft and requires frequent trueing.This is particually a problem when you have to stop and true while working on a blade because it changes the grinding angle . The rpm 's are too slow . With soft wheel and the low rmp 's it can take over a hour to grind a blade . Cleaning up is also a problem . You have to take the wheel well off to clean out the residue of the wheel , which is considerable because the wheel is so soft.I can turly say I can find nothing redeeming about this tool !
 First off I use this for metal lathe HSS rectangular bits and it does a good job for those . Takes a while but seems to be made for the task . Second I use it for wood working tools . This grinder is wholly inadequate for that . Mostly a problem with the high speed rest being worse than a cheep bench grinder from Harbor Freight . I can not think of a lower example other than saying the rest is better than rubbing your cutter on the sidewalk.I am not being hot headed ; I have owned this tool for about five years . The reason I am even writing this is I came here to consider buying a new large wheel and found the negative reviews so decided to add another.I too have the hard spot in the large wheel . Wherrrrr CLUNK , Wherrrrr CLUNK , Wherrrrr CLUNK . You get used to it . Well not really . I put up with it because for the money this is the sort of thing I expected . I have hand sharpening wet stones that cost as much as this whole machine . I use the machine when I need to change the angle of the plane blades to a smaller angle and need to take off a lot of metal or as I said for metal lathe tool bits . Not for carbide bits by the way , use a diamond grit impregnated wheel/grinder for those.To make this a good machine it would have to cost probably three hundred dollars and be made in Japan rather than China or where ever they are made today . But I am dreaming are n't I ? Not sure if I will buy a new large wheel to eliminate the clunk , clunk hard spot . I should have returned the tool when I first found the bad wheel . This grinder has so much potential with better tool guides and wheels that do n't wobble and have hard spots . Grrrrrr.The wobbly out of balance small wheel causes so much vibration I take it off for the time I use the large wheel . Not an easy task . I had to cut a screw driver slot in the end of the shaft for the small stone so I could get ahold of it to loosen the nut that holds the small wheel on . Otherwise the nut turns with the shaft while holding the stone . Come on guys ! Has anyone who designed this grinder actually tried to use it ? I am sure not.If you are versatile and set up to repair tools this is a basket case that you can make a useful tool bit grinder out of it you are willing to invest the time . I would recommend buying the grinder at a flee market for a few bucks and then taking it home and making something out of it . Kind of like a rough casting kit project.Out of the box it is very frustrating especially for a novice . If you get a stone with no hard spot cool , if not junk it.Oh and mine did not come with any drain plug for the water trough . I just pick the whole thing up and slosh it around and dump it . Better have a strong back and forget bolting it to the work bench to quiet the noise and vibration from the small wheel being wobbly side to side because then you can not dump the sludgy festering water out . The instructions say you must balance the wheel to prevent vibration but does not say how . A wheel dresser wo n't help you here . See why I take off the small wheel when not in use ? I am pulling for you ! We are all in this together .
 Bought this and the -LRB- non-Delta -RRB- adjustable bar that mimics a Tormek . Seemed like a good idea , and it 's a Delta so it 's made well , right ? Wrong!Out of the box , the stone wobbles side to side 5/32 '' and and had 3/32 runout . I used a Tormek dressing stone to reduce the runout.I then sharpened a few chisels , during which time I noticed the stone had hard and soft spots . Was n't doing my sharpening any good , so finished them by hand.Bought the Tormek diamond squaring jig , and going very slowly -LRB- appx 3 minutes to traverse the stone , taking appx 1 mm off each pass -RRB- it took two passes to get the stone flat . At the end of the last pass , the stone started ` rubbing ' at a certain point in the revolution . At first I thought it was from a hard spot , but soon determined that the stone was slowing as that part came around to the diamond . Determined that the cheapo plastic worm gear had lost a couple of teeth , which then progressed to enough teeth gone that the stone just plain stopped.I 'm not convinced it 's worth buying a replacement gear for this machine - I 'd need a bunch of them , and it 's not worth the aggravation of changing the gear , which would have to be done quite often , from what I 've seen . So I figure , I have quite a few Tormek accessories , my next step is to get a Tormek machine.So if you 're thinking of buying one of these pieces of junk , do n't - check out the Jet or spring for a Tormek .
 This is a simple electric motor , a low speed grinding wheel and a water bath . It costs $ 390 ! Sure it works well . If you are a rich nut I suppose it is THE machine . Otherwise , this is just crazy . Why someone has n't built a similar tool for $ 120 is a big question I have . There is nothing in the engineering of this simple tool or its jigs which justifies the very high costs .
 Many sissors have a 45 degree edge on one cutting edge , but this jig will not allow this much of an angle . This jig was purchased to sharpen all my shears and other sissors , but it is not capable of doing the job . Bad design and overpriced .
 As the other viewer mentioned , it does not adapt to all types of scissor blades . If you ca n't take apart your scissors , do n't bother with this jig .
 The steel band clamp should only be used in one type of application . That being where you are putting two SMOOTH surfaces together , like a garden hose or radiator hose . But with a DC application of a ribbed hose , the steel band clamp is NOT the preferred choice , use the wire clamp.The steel band clamp will only strip and never be fully seated trying to compress and secure the wire rib to the smooth DC fitting . The steel banding and worm screw is not designed to do that task and provide the needed pressure to fully seat the ribbed hose . Whereas , the wire clamp will actually strattle the rib on both sides and create a perfect clamping fit.I tried to save the twenty cents over the wire clamp , and wound up stripping the clamp thread on about 50 % of the applications with the steel band clamps . I antied up and spent the extra cash and got the right product , the wire clamps for the ribbed DC hose .
 I seems to be in the minority here but I really did n't like these safety glasses very much . To be honest I regret having not returned them right away . I found that the lenses fog up , the frames are heavy and they fall off my nose far too easily to be considered safe . Milwaukee should stick to their Sawzalls and leave the glasses making to some one else . When it comes to a long days work use a light weight plastic frame with good ventilation . I promise you will be far happier with something other than these .
 These look great as safety glasses go , but my pair had loose lenses , the hinges squeak when opening and closing -LRB- smacks of cheapness -RRB- and they are far heavier than they look . I 'll still be using the cheapo plastic glasses work provides come Monday morning .
 The bits in the picture above is not Torx Plus . Torx Plus has 5-star head , while the regular Torx has a 6-star head -LRB- see http://www.gearhack.com/Forums/DisplayComments.php?file=Tool/Screwdriver_for_5-Point_Star_Screw.html -RRB- . Do n't know if the description is incorrect or the picture is incorrect .
 So there was some assemble required . No big deal . the problem was that one of the screw holes was too big and the screw would not even thread into to hole . It simply just fell out . Then one of the holes was too small . The provided screw would not even fit in . As a result the stand is unstable and wobbly . So two out of eight screw holes are non-usable .
 I have this stand and I love it . I paid $ 27 for it however . If you search for this , you will see the MSRP is $ 35 and it sells for less than that all over the net . What is with this pricing ?!
 These things are cheap , and it shows.I ordered 3 pairs of these to keep around my workstation and out of the 3 pairs , only 1 of them works half way decent.On one pair , the cutting edges do n't even line up . They cross over each other.On another pair the cutting edges looked like they had been cutting some metal or something hard . There were many nicks on both halves.The handles are molded plastic and it seems like the mold has some leaks . There ` sThe tools I received also had some rust on them . This may just be from the seller but could also be a manufacturing problem.Spend a few bucks more and get something better .
 I should have known by the price that if you do n't pay for X-acto you do n't get X-acto . I 'm keeping it but with a lesson learned . Flimsy blades and a cheep case .
 This product seems like a great idea for someone with memory problems except for a major flaw in the design
 This product is horrible . I 'm so sorry I did not check complaints before ordering . Many , many people had a worse experience than mine . The product simply does not record an audible message . Often I could not playback or record because the buttons did not function . A check of the 4 batteries -LRB- $ 5ea -RRB- showed that they were fine . DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 We purchased this mower about a year and a half ago . It is not very rugged to say the least . The `` steel '' bends to easily making the mower not work properly . The cutting blades have flown off twice . In one instance , the blade shot through the red metal structure . Thank God no one was standing nearby or they could have been killed . When I called the customer service department , their attitude was certainly not service oriented . She simply replied , `` Well , the warranty is for a year so there is nothing we can do . '' Not exactly willing to stand by their product .
 In early summer of 2012 I purchased a 60 inch Swisher finish cut trail mower . I pull it with my Polaris Ranger SUV . I like the power of the mower -LRB- 18.5 HP -RRB- and the finish cut it makes . I mow about 7 acres or so . My issue is this . I have mowed approximately 15 hours or so with this mower . After the first 3 hours the 5 inch bolt that hold the engage lever snapped . I replaced this bolt with a stronger bolt and after about an hour of using the mower the short belt broke . I replaced this belt and within another couple of hours this belt broke again . I replaced this belt and then after about 2 hours of mowing my third belt also broke.On October 5 , 2012 I sent a fax to Swisher mower company as provided in the owners manual explaining my problem . Ten days later I am yet to hear from anyone.If by some chance someone from Swisher is reading these reviews Please contact me at falcon_25825@yahoo.com . I would like to konw what I can do to remedy the issues I am haveing . I like the mower but the problems are frustrating and getting expensive to say the least . Also the property I am mowing is relatively level and free of debris so I know that is not the issue.thanksC.E . Akers
 Be prepared to reinforce the arm and movable towing parts . Swishers view of the terrain is more in line with how a finish mower should perform . Once you spend an additional est 300 dollars to reinforce the towing assembly be very careful with the manual extension cord use to engage the mower blades . This repeatedly comes loose and must be checked frequently . Replacing the belt is not an easy task either . Once you make the modifications still use caution . The towing are is this products weakest link .
 Not made well . Mine lives in my van , for camping trips , rarely used . After 3-4 uses , the orange cord cover detached from the plug end , and yes , I pull on the plug , not the cord . The wires are still attached to the plug and it still works , but there are white insulation fibers from inside the cord that have pulled out from the cord end , making the end look like it has doll hair . Though it still works and looks new , it ca n't be safe and I 'm looking for a different brand .
 I had no problem getting the saw into postion , but once there it had a tendancy to flip over if I was n't careful , and then eventually get stuck in its own cut . The learning curve is quite long with this tool , and at its best it works poorly . I found myself using the saw to cut into my branches a couple of inches -LRB- until the saw got stuck beyond removal -RRB- then I used a long rope and my car to pull at the branches to force them to the ground . If you are dealing with large branches , and are desperate , it is worth a shot .
 I bought this product thinking that it would be great to use to cut down some broken tree limbs that are somewhat high up . On paper , the saw looks awesome ; in real life , it sucks . It takes a while to heave the bean bag over the proper branch and get the blade in the right spot , and if the chain happens to be upside-down , you 'd have just as much luck yanking the rope down and re-throwing the bean bag as you would managing to flip the blade over . Once you have the blade in place and it 's right-side down , it 's pretty difficult to actually get the cutting rythym started . One note - if you do somehow manage to get a rythym going the blade cuts surprisingly well . However , if you get part way through the branch and pull one side of the rope down too far , which is pretty easy to do , the blade will no longer be in the `` groove '' you just cut but the rope will . The trouble here is that the end of the rope is crimped where it attaches to the blade and it 's too big to fit back into the groove . Therefore simply pulling down on one side of the rope in an attempt to get the blade back where it should be does n't work . Pulling the whole thing down and trying to throw the bean bag back over the branch in the exact same place and having the blade end up in the groove is also virtually impossible . I actually got a ladder out and climbed to the very top of it just to hand place the blade where I wanted it so that I could climb back down to `` safety '' and continue my cut . I found that having an extendable golf ball retriever was useful in moving the rope around and getting it untangled from other smaller branches.Bottom line for me - 3 hours later I had climbed my ladder about 7 times and had managed to cut one branch that looked sloppy because it splintered and broke once I was about 80 % of the way through the top ... The overall quality of the saw is pretty good , so if you 're bored and have a tall ladder and a golf ball retriever , tell your neighbors to grab a few beers and watch as you entertain them with your fight against unwanted branches .
 Does n't work like intended , but after hours it grabbed the limb so I could use my chainsaw to cut it and pull it down . I had to go the hardware store and replace the flimsy clip because the sand bag kept coming off with each throw . I can use it , but not as it was intended . Thank goodness it was on sale .
 I did not have a good result with this saw.I tried to cut a 3 '' limb about 20 feet above the ground.The chain was so flimsy that , even though the one end is weighted so the teeth face down at that one end , the chain itself twists along its length so that just the side of the chain rubs on the branch without actually cutting any wood.After bring the saw down on the ground , I held the 48 '' long chain stretched out between my hands and found that it easily twisted 180 degrees along its length with a very light twist of my hands . This product needs a more substantial chain so that it does not twist , and it would also help to just put cutting teeth on both sides of the chain , in addition to orienting the cutting teeth in both forward and backwards directions , and also a sideways direction if that is possible .
 I had a high limb with a very difficult throw but managed to get the rope over the limb . In the proceess of cutting first ther crimp fitting on the end of the rope where I attached extra rope and where the tossing bag goes failed ... had to retie and retoss it over a difficult limb . afet getting it on the limb the second time and got to cutting , about 1/3 of the way though a 8 inch limb the ropes crimp fitting at the end of the blade failed !! I pulled it down and also noticed the crimp fitting on the other end of the chain was about to fail too . Packaged it up and returned it for a refund.My advice if you are going to use this on anything but a small branch with any easy throw to reach it is to redo the ropes at all the ends where the cheap , weak , factory crimp fittings are but better advice would be not to buy it .
 Well I had high hopes for this product . It seemed like a great idea and a money saver . I needed to cut a branch off a tree causing problems with my hughes and dtv dishes . Well I bought the 48 inch and the suggested slingshot . I then bought fishing line to use as a lead because you can not shoot the weight and line included , they to heavy . I tied the line to a bolt and shot it over the branch and then tied the rope on and pulled it over . Everything is now in place and the handles are attached to the ropes . I start to try to saw and the chain does not move after the first two pulls . Tried everything for an hour to try to get it dislodged to return it to amazon . I even considered hooking the rope to my atv to pull it but did not because I would break . Well it all came to an end when one of the rope ripped off the chain . This was somewhat of a relief because at least there would not be yellow ropes hanging in the front yard . I then ripped the other rope off and left the chain in the tree . I wish that I could get a refund this is a terrible to use and poorly constructed product . The instructions stink , way to vague . I am not one to write reviews and complain about products but this was to much . Buyer beware it is JUNK !
 On the first throw , the bag got stuck on the branch . A `` tug '' on the rope pulled the bag off the clip and made the clip unusable . With that problem resolved , I made it half way through my first 4 '' -6 '' branch before one of the ropes came loose from the saw blade . There are gromets on either end of the blade that the ropes loop through and attach back to the other side with rope clamps . I had to pull the blade out of the half sawed branch and reattach the rope with a slip knot . I then had to get the saw back to the same place it had been to finish the cut . What a pain . Being a slow learner I tried another larger limb only to have the clamps on the other side of the rope come loose because of breaking clamps . Again , a real pain to get the saw repositioned on the limb.The saw will work but it will work you to death if you do it by yourself and do n't make a few modifications . I would suggest the following before you get started :1 . Get someone to help you - much easier with two people than one .2 . Replace the been bag clip with something more substantial .3 . Cut the rope loose from the saw and reattach by tying it or with stronger rope clamps . Better yet , buy a stronger rope and use that instead.If you do the above , you will save yourself some unecessary frustration . It is a shame that for $ 40 - $ 50 bucks this company chooses to use such poor quality materials to make their product .
 On the 1st try the key snap for the throw weight deformed out of shapeOn the 2nd try the end of the rope pulled out of the metal sleeveOn subsequent tries the chain without fail got stuck in the branch to be removed , necessitating a climb up a ladder.Don ' t even think about buying this product ; mine 's going back for a refund .
 While cutting down the first and only branch the bands that old the rope closed on each end of the chain saw and the one that holds the loop for the bag all broke along with one of the handles at the end of the chain saw . Poorly made if it can not even cut one branch before falling apart .
 The general product idea is a good one on paper , but the implementation has a few flaws : * The small clip for the weight bag is fairly fragile , so if you 're swinging the rope vigorously for a high branch , it 's possible for the bag to come detached . * If your intended branch is n't fairly bare already , it 's possible for twigs and smaller off-shoot branches to prevent the weighted tab from righting the chain properly . * The last inch or so of a cut is where you 're most likely to encounter problems . If you can get a friend to help cut , the further apart you keep the two ends of the rope , the better . Less chance of binding that way , just make sure you 're both out from under . * If the saw does get pinched or otherwise bind , do not pull on either rope to free it , this will likely detach the rope from the saw due to the fragile fittings holding the rope . Use an upward flicking motion and a lot of patience . * Make sure not to cut any branches that have off-shoots above the saw itself . The chain is very slender and very easily bent by any lateral weight.If the item were built with sturdier components , it would be much more practical .
 Like I said before this is the worst product I 've purchased on Amazon.com , it broke the first time I used it on a 3 '' branch . I would not recommend it to anyone , very cheaply made , rope is weak and throwing bag broke on third throw . Also for price very expensive product for quality .
 SAVE YOUR MONEY !!! This 48 '' high limb chain saw worked well on three 3 '' cuts . It worked so-so on one 8 '' cut -LRB- kept getting stuck -RRB- . After that , it just would n't work . It keeps getting stuck . You have to have a tall ladder nearby to get up there and get it unstuck and it seems to be duller than a butter knife . Save yourself some money , lots of time , and an enormous amount of frustration , and get either a chain saw or a motorized pole saw . This thing is NOT worth it !
 Worked well on the first limb . Tried for 45 minutes to get the chain flipped to the saw side but to no avail .
 Inferior piece of crap!Waste of money and time.It broke first timeout.How ??!! The clamp that ties or connects the rope to the `` saw tooth '' let go on my first try.The rope is made of weak material and the clamps that connect the blade are made of cheap materials.I 'm a glass is half full kind of guy . Always looking for the positive in life.This `` rope and chain saw '' is $ 50.00 now you see it now you do n't !
 I 'm willing to accept that maybe my expectations were unreasonable , but here are the issues . The weight was n't heavy enough to pull the rope down the other side of the limb . I removed it and added a heavier -LRB- 3 lb -RRB- weight , which made it really difficult to throw , but I got it in the right spot . But the saw would n't make a dent in the branch , which admittedly was quite thick . I tried again on some smaller branches , same problem . In theory it should work , and I 'm sure others were successful , but for my end ... it could n't do the job .
 Bean bag clip very poor quality.Rope wears immediately.Had to send it back.Sorry , maybe the previous reviewers received a better product .
 The chain is sharp and actually cuts but you would need infinite patience to actually get it over a high limb and work the handles back and forth to be effective . If it lands cutting size down , that 's a bonus if not a necessity . Otherwise , you have to extricate it from the tree and start all over again hoping it does n't get snagged on a branch . In the case wher you do n't have a ladder or a ladder high enough , it might be useful . But those are the actual situations that make it extremely difficult to use !!
 I bought this to cut some high limbs and perhaps the top off a difficult to access tree . I managed to cut almost all the way through a one 3 &#34; limb before the rope broke off one end of the chain . Pulling on the other end only caused it to dig into the wood and get permanently stuck .
 There is a fundamental flaw in this product
 I cut down a small branch and the saw blade was bent the blade thin and cheaply made . Chinese crap
 In my opinion this is poorly designed . The throw bag came off the flimsy clip after two throws . Further , it does not appear to be heavy enough since it does not come down if I am miraculously lucky enough to get the bag and line over the limb of interest . I had to play and play and play with the line trying to add inches of drop after each jigger of the line before the throw bag and rope finally came down to a height where it could be pulled down . Then I had to try to get the line pulled back far enough on the limb to where I really want to cut the limb . I found the provided yellow rope does not slide easily -LRB- I had to cut one limb only where I managed to get the line tossed onto the limb , not further back closer to the trunk -RRB- . The fun continued when I tried to get the cutting part facing down on the limb . A number of times the cutter then caught , causing jigger after jigger as well as the muttering of certain words trying to loosen it.The most frustrating part has been trying to toss the bag and line over the limb of interest . I have found this to be quite difficult.This may eventually provide the limbing that I need , but I caution others to expect frustration and sore arms from throwing and throwing the throw bag hoping it goes over the desired limb while not getting stuck .
 nice idea , but not easy to use . binds and then climb the tree anyway . not worth the $ $ .
 The concept of the cutting chain with a rope pull on either side is a very good idea , but it is difficult to postition the cutting edge of the chain to the branch to be cut . In addition , the clamps holding the rope to the cutting chain let loose during operation . After replacing the clamps the unit worked better .
 Have n't given up on it yet but have not had much success with cutting any limbs yet . If the limb is high it 's very difficult to get the chain over it without any stray branches getting in the way and in the correct position . Slingshot was no help and my throwing arm is n't what it used to be .
 I used the saw out of the package on several 3 '' or so limbs too high to reach with a pole saw . As noted in other reviews , the throwing bag worked fine , but it was hard to orient the blade into the cutting position , despite changing angles , length of rope , etc. . Almost impossible to move it further down the branch once it 's in place , but this might be easier with dead branches -- mine had collateral branches on them.Once I got it sawing , it sawed fairly quickly and the hand straps were easy to use and helpful . But once the branches began to lean some , it was pot luck whether the chain would stay in the cutting position or get jammed in the cut . I think the problem would be solved if you stand right under the cut , but that 's not safe with larger branches . The chain became bent after about an hour of use.Seems to me a work around would be replacing the chain saw with a wire saw that would work in any direction and have a thinner profile . I 'm also getting some rope clamps to re-secure the rope .
 I bought this tool to trim some dead 3-inch diameter ash branches about 20 ft. up . It 's not like I never trimmed a tree before -- I spend a summer working as a tree trimmer while in college . However , this tool doomed the operation from the start.First the bean bag used to throw the rope over the limb got stuck . When I pulled it back , it ripped open , losing the sand and ruining the bag . The two of us used a padlock for a substitute weight and got the rope and chain over the first limb . During the early stages of sawing one of the red handles broke . Then the chain refused to saw further , wedging itself in the saw cut.I now have two pretty yellow ropes hanging from my tree , with a stuck chain , and no prospects in ever getting it down without calling the pros and their boom truck.Although the chain itself seemed to be of reasonable quality , the rest of this product was made with poor quality materials .
 The chain saw is great . The weighted bag is a great idea . The small clip holding the bag is cheap . Clip came undone while throwing over tree limb . Also , rope broke while cutting limb . After market rope and d-ring will make it a better product .
 Product is nicely made and some aspects are well thought out . The throw bag works well -LRB- though the clip has to be reshaped every time as it bends -RRB- . The hand straps work very well for working the rope . However , the whole idea falls down due to the chain . Despite design attempts to keep the cutting edge of the chain pointed to the tree -LRB- there is a metal piece that you are supposed hold between the ropes to prevent this -RRB- the chain always rolls and the teeth only fan air . Since the metal piece is at best 6 inches long any limb exceeding 4 inches and you ca n't effectively engage the guide . I will go back to using a pole saw and ladder - that works every time .
 this did not work I would not recommendbetter directions need to be provideda waste of moneyvery difficult to fliip the blade when trying to remove the limb
 This device is a standard chainsaw chain -LRB- cuts one side only ! -RRB- attached to a standard poly rope . The small metal bar meant to flip it over so `` cut '' side is down is a joke . If you want the frustration of using a one sided chain , save yourself a good part of the 50 bucks and buy your own chain and rope and have at it . For the money I would have thought that this thing would cut on BOTH sides -- it 's very hard to get the single cutting side facing down so that it will in fact cut . Also , as stated in other reviews , the clip that holds the sandbag is very flimsy.ADDED
 I got this to cut some limbs PG&E ; wants me to cut that I ca n't reach with a pole saw or a ladder . I took it out to cut a couple of limbs that I did n't need to cut to get a feel for it . The clip that holds the weight on bent out the first throw . Secondly , the weight is n't heavy enough . It does n't have enough momentum to get the chain to any substantial height , and it 's not heavy enough to bring the chain up as it falls to the other side . After a lot of hassle , I did get my first limb cut and moved onto the next . I threw the weight up , and it got stuck in some brush . When I tried to get it out , the clip came off and the weight was stuck in the brush . Very stuck.So I went and got a 21/2 lb lifting weight and tied it to my rope . It worked much better . So I cut down the limb that was holding the weight that came with this lousy product and moved onto the limb I was trying to cut when my weight got stuck . I threw it over with my 21/2 lifting weight , and got it just where I wanted it first try , and it came down instead of stalling with the weight that comes with it , which is n't heavy enough , and is n't made to actually stay on . I cut about halfway through the limb when the rope on one side of the chain slipped out of the cheap clip holding it on . So I pulled it out with the other side of the rope which , thankfully , did n't come out or I 'd still have the chain stuck up there.This product is cheap . I suspect they made the weight for their smaller chain , and did n't even think to realize that it was n't enough for this larger size chain . The rope broke before I hardly used the thing , and I did not even put any muscle into it and manhandle it . This product is very nearly junk . I expected much more for the amount I paid for it . I might as well have made my own with higher quality materials for less money . It did n't even come in the packaging you see in the picture .
 The product information states that the chain is 48 '' . In fact the chain is only 24 '' . On the first use the weight bag used to loft the rope over the limb pulled free from the metal clasp . The clasp deformed and is now unusable . Trying to saw a 2 '' maple limb was disappointing . Right now the saw is wedged in a partial saw kerf , the limb is hanging but wo n't come down and I 'm angry that I wasted the money . I 'm not a klutz , having worked with saws , axes and trimming tools for 30 years . If I can ever get this `` tool '' down from the limb where it currently resides I will be returning this for a refund .
 Not a `` pro '' tool . For light-duty , occasional use only . You WILL need other tools as well.I got in over my head -LRB- so to speak -RRB- . Tried it on a locust tree 's dead branch -LRB- hard wood -RRB- . As others have reported , the chain stuck on first try . Ended up also buying a Remington pole chainsaw pruner . The pole chainsaw has its own set of issues -LRB- cheaply made , chain falls off , etc -RRB- but it 's much faster and more effective than this item -LRB- when it works -RRB- . What DOES N'T work
 The saw got caught when cutting and the knot that connects the rope to the chain came loose . = $ 50 saw stuck 25ft up in tree .
 The high rope saw can be difficult to use . It does n't always stay cutting edge down so you have to throw the saw back up to change which side is down -LRB- Only one side of the blade cuts -RRB- . It binds frequently and sometimes gets stuck . Make sure you read the directons and udercut the branch or the bark will tear . It is difficult to use by yourself if the branch is more than 3 inches in diamater . It bent and had to be thrown our after using it on about 15 branches .
 Some parts were missing and the bean bag was torn and leaking sand upon and the ropes were very much unravel-led upon receipt of the product . Basically trash .
 Unable to use . Chain would not stay cutting edge down . It kept twisting over and would not cut thru the limb .
 After the early October snow storm this year I bought the High Limb Rope and Chain Saw to try to get down some of the hanging branches that were left around my property . I picked an easy branch to start on but found that the Rope Saw was hard to use . If the branch is high up it takes many tries to get the chain over the branch and in the right orientation . When I finally started sawing the chain was working well and cutting through the branch but then got stuck . We even had two people doing the sawing -LRB- which helps the angle -RRB- but the chain still got stuck . We had to get a ladder to get the chain down . If you have a tall ladder it is easier just to use that and it really can reach just as high as the rope saw . So when the rope saw works it 's nice to have but I 've found it frequently hard to use .
 This product does not work . It is a total Waste of money . The rope that came with it is cheap and breaks . The hook that attaches the sand bag is cheap and bent out of shape . Save your money , buy a trim pole instead .
 I might have to re-review this tool if I ever cut anything with it , but so far I have been unsuccessful.Amazon suggests other people have bought a slingshot with this tool , which I assumed was used to shoot the weighted bag over the limb . Save your money ... the slingshot is not nearly powerful enough to send this bag more than a few feet , especially when weighed down by the rope and saw . Throwing the bag by hand is more effective.When throwing the bag , be sure not to catch the metal hook on your finger , or it will cut you.After several attempts at throwing the bag over a 40 ft high limb , I instead got the weighted bag and rope wrapped around a limb of a different tree , and could n't get it loose . I ended up just cutting both trees down with a chainsaw to be done with it.It seems like a good idea in theory , but it did n't work out for me .
 High Limb CS-48 Rope-and-Chain Saw . In theory , this was an answer to a problem that we had in our back yard after a winter snow storm . Due to the weight of the snow , an upper limb snapped and fell , breaking a lower limb of the tree in the fall . The lower limb , while broken , remained attached . This limb was attached approximately 30 feet from the ground , too high for a chainsaw and the ladder that we had on the premises . The High Limb CS-48 Rope-and-Chain Saw available on Amazon appeared to be the answer . Pricing was reasonable , and it arrived in a few days after purchase . The packaging and the instructions were a little vague on the details as to how to use this product absolutely . There were a few caveats to be careful about listed , but mostly it was sell copy . It relies mostly on the purchaser to figure out how to use this . I will point out , however , that the patented device that automatically turns the chain saw to the cutting blade was virtuely useless.The results speak for themselves . We followed the instructions , as listed , and were able to thread the throwing rope over the limb . The patented devise did not work as advertised , and thus we struggled for a while to get the cutting side of the blade sawing on the wood . Finally , we got the blade turned and started sawing . Within a short time , the blade got stuck and it required approximately an hour to get it freed . Where upon , we had to begin the entire process over again . Inspite of all of our best efforts , and religiously following the instructions and a great knowledge of how to use tools , the saw got stuck again , this time for good . We were able to get the limb down by resorting to twisting the limb around until it finally snapped and fell to the ground , which was a particularly dangerous thing to do , but worked out . The High Limb CS-48 Rope-and-Chain Saw is now a permanent part of the tree , as it would be virtually impossible to free it and not worth the danger of climbing up on an extremely tall ladder to retrieve it.The moral is that we spent approximately $ 40 for a devise that proved to be useless , not as advertised and now a permanent part of our back yard tree , and due to it 's present location was not available to be returned to the vendor as defective .
 A Super idea - here 's a way to cut a limb that is too high to climb to and/or too thick to use your pruning saw on.That 's about as far as it goes - the way it 's * supposed * to work.Unfortunately , there are several problems actually making the concept work : Getting the saw up there - yep , there is the `` throwing bag '' - which if you have a good , accurate arm and handle the loose rope well - will get the saw over the branch . However , if your aim is n't so good , or if there are several branches in the way , or too many twigs , etc - it can take several -LRB- many -RRB- tries to get this to work.Another user mention that the device for `` flipping '' the blade right-side-up is iffy at best . This is especially true -LRB- again -RRB- if there are twigs near where you want to cut that prevent the blade weight from flipping the blade.Anybody who 's cut branches off of trees knows that occasionally a saw blade gets `` pinched '' and stuck . That 's a big pain on the ground - but when it happens with this tool , the stuck saw blade is up to 25 ' overhead . Whatcha gon na do now ? If you 're lucky enough to have the branch sawed through enough that it 's started to come down , you can grab it and pull and bounce on it and it will probably break free bringing the saw back to earth . Another user mentioned that his chain broke when this happened . If the branch wo n't break off - then you either have to climb anyway -LRB- if you even can -RRB- or - you get to leave your expensive saw UP in the tree and you 're worse off than you started.Finally , anybody who knows about pruning limbs off of trees that you want to keep knows that it takes THREE cuts to do this properly - and that one of them needs to be made from bottom of the branch to keep the bark from tearing . That 's just impossible with this tool . So resign yourself to a very messy , unprofessional job.So - buy this tool if you 're OUT of other options - and resign yourself to the fact that you may STILL have to climb to finish the job and get your saw back down . I have used this tool to make 5 or 6 cuts - but every one of them had problems , and only one of them looks like a decent pruning job . The rest look like an amateur did it . I still had to climb for most of those cuts .
 Had I known this was a little more than a section of chain-saw blade attached to a rope , I probably would have made my own . It was all but impossible to have the chain `` roll over '' so that the blade was next to the limb and not the back of it ...
 It took 9 days longer to receive then the lastest shipment date stated . When it finally arrived , it was the wrong product and being so late it was already past the return date . Maybe that is the secret . Ship it late so no one can return it . Not a good experience . Back to real stores were you are n't buying a picture , but the actual product .
 I purchased this mask based on many positive reviews . Unfortunately , it fogged my glasses immediately and I was not able to eliminate the fog . I have used other brands with no fogging at all .
 I bought the 3M 8511 Particulate Sanding Respirator to use while working . I own a medium-sized Pest Control Business , and needed a gas mask in order to enter an otherwise-toxic , sealed house during treatment with poison gas . This did not work , at all . After I entered the house I 'd filled with ammonia and cyanide gas , by the time I 'd finished zipping closed the seal to the house I was already gagging . After I woke back up , I crawled to the exit and had to leave , without getting any work done . Also , this gas mask caused me headache , nausea and vomiting.Pros
 OK , I reallly disike these filtrs . They smeill bad , and you ca n't air it out , the best I was able to do was put some lavender oil on the soft material part , even that dd n't work too well.Then I tried forever to get a comfortable fit to no avail . Fianlly with the best fit I could get by shaping the nose wire adjusting the straps after manually stretching them I achieved what I thought was the best fit I could get with them . I thougt . maybe this will work . Then the sharp edges started digging into my face ! They hurt !! It felt like raw edged plastic . I could not keep the mask on for half a minute . I would like everyone to know I am female and have a small to ave size head . I am petite . 5 foot 4 . I had big red marks on my face . If you have a tiny head , very tough skin , and weird scents do n't bother you , you just might can use these masks , otherwise my advise is NO WAY !!
 I can not find the expiration date from the box . I contacted an representative at Amazon , she can not find it either . I do n't feel comfortable if a product does n't specify the expiration date , so I return it .
 Unless you have child 's size head do not buy this . It is extremely tight on my face . No way to loosen it either .
 I bought one of these for each of my two bathrooms.They both broke off in the same place . The compression collar that connects cradle for the showerhead to the swivel ball cracked in half . Either the collar is not strong enough or the plastic is defective and stresses out from expansion from the hot water.In my opinion they were a total waste of money .
 This hand held shower head was very easy to install and the setting worked wonderfully . I especially liked the misting setting . After a few uses , I noticed that the heavy head did not sit sturdily on the holder and would occasionally fall off . In addition when moving the handle to suit each user the fixture would loosen from the shower nozzle and would have to be tightened . We still use it , but will be looking for a replacement in the near future . For now it seems a shame to discard even though it was purchased at a bargain price .
 You get what you pay for . The amount of water that this puts out is not enough to wash your hair or soap off your body without a great deal of extra time . Might as well have used the sink . The circumference of the spray , not to mention the force , is just pitiful .
 At $ 11.77 and free shipping , this shower head was dirt cheap , but it is not worth even one cent of that price . The shower head will not stay put in the swivel bracket , and the swivel bracket in turn has cheap , miniature , plastic threads that will not hold the bracket onto the standpipe that comes out of your shower wall . The manufacturer offered to replace the entire shower head for free , and no doubt Amazon would do the same , but you have to send the bad one back in either case , and it would cost almost as much to do that as it 's worth . I determined that it was cheaper and less trouble to just take it back out of the shower and throw it in the trash , which is what I did .
 I had a previous DM209X that installed and worked fine . However , the current version sold on amazon.com does not install properly . Attempts to tighten the hose to the shower resulted in the plastic piece cracking . I looked at my previous model and YES , the pieces are different ! Not sure why they have the same model number , but be warned that this version is flawed . In the process of returning item to amazon . Try a different model , as the company is usually good .
 Please do not buy this product . The connection arm that connects to shower is flawed . I ordered two units and both units were defective , they leak . Trying to stop this unit from leaking results in the coupling to crack . The shower head is great but the assembly that holds it is seriously flawed . I can not believe that put this item on the market , it should be thrown away . Very disappointed in Pollenex .
 The original showerhead that this Pollenex was replacing was working fine , except for a few annoying leaks coming out of the joints . We decided to bite the bullet and replace it . My husband went to our local large home improvement store , and purchased a Moen on sale for twice the price of this Pollenex . I made hime return it because I found this one . It was exactly what we were looking for - with great settings that would keep everyone in the family happy . And the shipping was free ! I was cleaning the shower last evening , when I knocked my hand into the shower hose ... and the showerhead pipe fitting CRACKED IN TWO and the showerhead fell off ! This was installed new in September 2007 ... and it broke in December 2007 . Amazon 's return policy only offers 30 days ... so we 're out of luck ! We had to go buy the Moen , this time not on sale ... AND I had to endure the laughs from my husband . What a joke !
 THIS PIECE OF JUNK LASTED ME FOR ABOUT A YEAR AND THEN IT DEVELOPED CRACKS AND LEAKS UP WERE YOU CONNECT IT TO THE SHOWER PIPE . THERE IS NO WAY TO FIX CHEAP PLASTIC THAT STARTS TO CRACK . I BOUGHT TWO OF THESE AND BOTH DEVELOPED THE SAME PROBLEMS . SOMETIMES WHEN YOU BUY CHEAP STUFF YOU GET BURNED . DO N'T TAKE A CHANCE ON THIS ONE .
 I purchased this item , installed it ... used it 3 times and on the third use the swivel unit that allows the handheld to move when in the holder popped out.Its a molded ball joint setup that when assessing it after it broke looks to me like it will happen to all of the units eventually with use -LRB- wear -RRB- ... They could improve the design by making the ball joint part a two piece screw together setup so that the tension can be adjusted and this problem of the ball popping out does not occur ... I returned the item for a refund as it could not be easily put back together ... not the sellers fault ... manufacturer issue ...
 This item looks great coming out of the package , but the performance is something else . It leaks at every at every joint and it can not be tightened sufficiently without damaging it . Amazon 's return policy makes this item nearly a complete loss for me .
 my ant got one of thoes back in 2008 and the outher day she had to replace it she says it broke of the pipe and was unfixubel to me it dozent look like it is a good shower head the spray settings are spray or streem of mist NOT shower like outher shower headsme on the outher hand i am goingto look into bying this shower head just to try it
 M-D Water Heater BlanketBuyer beware!Cons : Very loose woven fiberglass . I opened the package and spread the product on my work table . In doing so a cloud of fiberglass could actually be seen in the air . I instantly felt the fibers land on my face and began to itch . Everything in a 10 sq ft area was covered in fiberglass.The vinyl tape supplied in package has low adhesive properties . In other words , it does n't stick to the product very well . I had to use my own higher quality duct tape.The R-6 .7 value printed on the package is a bit too generous . Fiberglass batt insulation has an R value between R-2 .5 to R-4 per inch . This stuff is just over 1 inch thick when laid out freely on a flat surface . Some areas were thicker due to inconsistencies in the product.Product facing tears easily.Pros : Other than a small amount of R-value there are none .
 I purchased frost king water heater insulation blanket , vinyl faced fiberglass . on the label it states fit most heaters up to 60 gallon size . I have a 50 gallon whirlpool . It did not fit around and there was a gap of 1/2 '' on top and 3 '' on the bottom . and it states there is enough left over to cover the top , which the 4 ' just covered so there was no extra to cover the top . there was only two choices at Menards , and glad went with the cheaper one since i 'd rather not have a more expensive one not fit to then spend the time to retro fit and find some insulation to patch it up .
 It survived two uses before the little retaining loop parted company and another three before the whole thing stopped working , so maybe two strips of staples ... I would not purchase this again , I picked up a second Stanley Sharpshooter pro for only about 30 % more . My old one of those has survived eight years of use and abuse and I expect my new one to duplicate that .
 The picture is not what you get all you get are the 6 inserts not the kit as pictured I hope they correct the picture so you dont get confused like i did .
 Warning !! Not for heavy duty work , only for very light duty stuff.The tools will break if stressed a little bit !
 This Wilmar socket set is inexpensive - it ought to be free ! The sockets barely meet their size as stamped - some are missing their detent balls , so they just fall off the handle - the ratchet handle is stiff , crude , and takes a lot of effeort to turn . This is a terrible product .
 I bought this for my husband . He has yet to use it . He bought the same thing from Walmart for $ 10 . I wish I had looked around . The tools work fine but you can find them cheaper .
 Bought this to keep in my car . Used it twice and the ratchet stripped out and is rendered useless . The steel used to make these is well below par . Soft , cheap imported steel . It makes a good paperweight , if a ratchet set fits your decor ... otherwise , not worth the low price .
 Got two years out of this breaker bar . Broke fork that holds the 1/2 inch adapter . Had been coming apart before it broke .
 unfortunately when i orderd these knobs the page from which i ordered them lead me to believe i was purchasing these knobs in antique pewter . Whenthey arrived to my house they were in fact ploshed brass so i sent them back . CNS was great to work with and it was an easy return . Amazon told me the purchase page was a mistake and apologized
 Most of the lights do n't work - they wo n't turn on . Less than half of our original order worked . We like the lights so we have returned the non-working lights three times and each time we get back a few that work and some that do n't . Our first order was ten lights . Four worked . We sent back the other six and of the replacements , three worked . So we sent back the three that did n't work and they gave us a refund -LRB- even though we asked for replacements -RRB- . We want ten working lights so we reordered Five -LRB- thinking that at least two or three would work -LSB- giving us 9 or 10 working lights -RSB- and we would send the non-working lights back -RRB- . Of the five lights that came , only one worked - so our batting average is getting worse . We ca n't believe that any company could survive with this kind of quality control problem , so we are insecure that perhaps we are not doing something right on our end - but some of the lights we get do work - and we like them when they do . It would be nice to have someone to talk to who can explain to us what we might be doing wrong , so that we can take steps other than returning lights and getting a few in return that work .
 This nut splitter will work well on very inexpensive low grade nuts , this is not , and I repeat NOT for use on automotive grade nuts . First nut worked like a champ , but on second nut tool broke , and is now garbage .
 I thought these were very cheaply made to come from northern tool . Their products are usually not the very top of the line but some where in the middle but these nut splitters were crap . I tried to use it for the first time and the edge literally rolled of the thing so I sharpened it and tried again this time the housing broke . Do yourself a favor and buy something other than this brand I had no luck with it and now have to purchase something that will work .
 I recently purchased this nut splitter for my shop tools collection . I was in need of using this tool right away . The first time I used the larger of the two splitter on a bus generator terminal nut . The nut size was 1/2 inch . I tried to cut one side of the bad nut . No go . I turned it around tried again . Still no go . Now after more pressure the frame of the nut splitter cracked . The shipping is seven dollars . It is not worth shipping back . I will put it in the iron pile . No good stay away . .
 I needed a 3 amp , 125 volt fuse for a string of outdoor lights , but these did n't fit - too big . Good thing they were cheap .
 We purchased this item new a year ago to match a Kohler commode in our home . After a year of normal use the seat split in two . We are average weight and put no more stress than would be considered normal on the seat . In addition , the chrome on the hinges began to peel off after about 9 months . We called Kohler expecting that , as a company that manufactures and sells premium priced fixtures , they would stand behind their product . They did not . We were told that they only warrant their product for 90 days . Definately not worth the premium price .
 We purchased the Rohl R3810 for a kitchen remodel job and have been plagued with problems with this faucet from day one . My wife HATES this expensive faucet and , while Rohl has a lifetime warranty , they have shipped us new cartridges at no cost , but the faucet still FAILS TO PERFORM . We attempt to use the faucet in a way to conserve water but it is either on full blast or off . It is almost impossible for her to control as it is way too stiff . Additionally the swing spout has become quite difficult to move from lock-to-lock . Next time we will buy a less expensive , but more reliable faucet such as MOEN or DELTA.Price does not equate with quality .
 I have had to send two of these back for the same reason . When I returned the first one , the company said it must have been a defective unit , but the replacement one does the same thing.The problem is that the MIN/MAX function does not work properly . Even when recording very steady sine wave acoustic signals well within the device 's measurement range , the unit often reports that the MAX signal value encountered during the recording period was too LO to be recorded . And about as often , that the MIN signal level encountered was too HI to be recorded . This obviously makes no sense , and points to a problem with the device 's data acquisition or a software bug.If you just want to look at the numbers flickering by and make a guess about maximum , minimum , and average values over a time period , this might work for you , but for any serious quantitative engineering or scientific work , forget it . It 's a hobbyist level tool at best , not a professional tool .
 DO NOT USE THIS ON HENKELS KNIVES ! The carbide side is way too aggressive for good quality knives . I lightly drew my chef 's knife through without any downward pressure and now there are small nicks in the blade . I should have known better than to use a 6 dollar sharpener on my good knives . Live and learn !
 Picked one in Lowes , and it worked buitifully but only for ~ 5 sharpenings . It seams that metal plates easily ware out . However , at the cost of a few dollars - should anyone complain ?
 Doesnt sharpen anything , do n't waste ur money on this piece ! I can make a knife twice as sharp as this sharpener can in half the time using a coarse stone . Truly worthless .
 II was not impressed with it at all ... when it got here i went to sharpen my knife and the damn sharpener was broke ... . i would like for u guys to send me a knew one if u could and after a try it i will ratr it better
 The sharpness of the blade does n't last very long and finding a refill is difficult . I will never buy this product again .
 I bought this little sharpener because I just happened to be in Wal-Mart , living in a fairly small town at the time where I could n't find a store that sold sharpening stones . My pocket knife 's edge was extremely dull , and since it was there and cheap , I decided to give this product a try.While it 's gotten my pocket knife down to a decent edge so far , this sharpener is n't very easy to use in my opinion . Not only do you have to place it on a flat surface and hold it with one hand -LRB- otherwise it will fall right over -RRB- , but the upright design limits the amount of force that can be applied to it severely , making for a very unstable design . This has caused me to cut myself a few times , without getting much other than a somewhat sharp edge on my pocket knife ; I tried sharpening my folding knife as well , to little avail.The portability of this sharpener is a plus side I suppose , as one can literally bring it anywhere , but I 'd much rather get an honest to goodness sharpening stone set and make due with the extra space it 'll take up , or at least some pocket-sized stones.The only problem I can see with how I 'm using the sharpener is that perhaps I 'm pressing down too hard , but even then I 'd still consider this to be a very gimmicky kind of sharpening system . In my opinion , this sharpener 's design sacrifices efficiency for portability and affordability , and as soon as I have some extra cash , I 'm going to replace this with an actual sharpening stone .
 My step dad bought one of these at a Bass Pro Shops about a month ago and I borrowed it to see if I could salvage an old and dulled `` buck knife '' he had given me . While using the carbide end it completely gouged out sections all along the edge before I stopped to take a look at what was going on , about ten complete and firm strokes into the process.Now I do n't know if I had a defective unit but the blade was perfectly fine and undamaged before I put it through this device , but afterward it was chewed up from handle-end to tip ! I was not impressed , to say the least . I 'm just fortunate I did n't use it on my better knives first , otherwise they would be pretty much reduced to a steak knife likeness too!However , it does have one thing going for it ... the ceramic honing rods . But that 's all it has going for it in my opinion , hence the two stars instead of one . We will be getting a few AccuSharps instead , to remedy this issue and we will just be keeping the Smith for the convenience of the ceramic honing end.Other than that , I would NOT recommend this unit for the actual sharpening process if you care about your blades at all !
 The material that comes out when the coarse side is used is not from the knife , it is from the sharpener . May be my knives has harder material but it sure looks like my knives are cutting the material out of the sharpener .
 I thought this would come in handy to touch up my knives easily in the feild . Glad I decieded to test it on some kitchen knives first . This piece of junk is a total waste of money . Shapened maybe a dozen blades and noticed the ceramic stone gone on the coarse and ready to go on the fine . Save your money and get a good stone .
 Awkward to hold and small , makes it easy to cut yourself . Carbide sets an edge but the fine side does nothing . Over time bits of metal lodge in the plastic guide area and will put scratches on a knife . I use this to sharpen my garden and utility tools . Do n't Use This On A Good Knife !
 This dulled out my pocket knives . I took a knife steel from the kitchen and sharpened them right back up . Do n't waste your money to damage your blades
 It chipped two of my ceramic knives . The first time i assumed either i did not use it well or the knife was not a good one but when it chipped my other knife , i knew it wa the sharpener . The metal part works fine with regular knives .
 this sharpener does not work nearly as well as I had hoped . I have purchased other cheaper sharpeners that have worked must better . Not recommended .
 It does n't do a very good job of sharpening a knife that has seen perfectly normal use -LRB- regular pocket knife just used around the office and at home , mid-grade carbon steel -RRB- . I would not recomend this product for normal sharpening and definately not for a knife that sees serious but cautious use .
 I try to sharpen my knife but it did not do any thing luckily I had my old one which is still good .
 Instructions totally inadequate about how to insert the rings inside of the mower.Mower kept stalling when it was being pushed
 Do not buy this trimmer . I have been struggling with it for 2 years . I takes forever to start , does not idle , uses a lot of gas I also brought it in for repair . They charged me $ 40 . and told me that it was not worth fixing . I wish I had returned it . I only gave it one star because that was the only way I could post this comment
 Once you get it going , this is a OK string trimmer . The problem is starting it . I literally have to pull the string on this thing at least 25 times to get -LRB- and keep -RRB- this started . Yes , I counted this morning . After about five or so pulls , it will start , then just die.Once it gets going , the thing works well . It 's heavy , though , and it 's tiring to use.I must admit that the .105 thick string works very , very well . I seldom have to ` bump ' it along.All in-all , though , I ca n't recommend this . The starting problems negate the few positives .
 I 've owned my trimmer for about 3 years . After the first year the string advance system quit working . I have to manually advance the string in order to use it . A couple of things I 've noticed is that the strings get tangled on the spool and jams . The other thing is that the tap and racket system for advancing the spool looses clearance and it will not advance . I have to stop and loosen the nut until I can advance the string manually . It more than doubles my trimming time.I 've had better luck with trimmers , even cheaper ones , that have spools that are partitioned so each string on a dual string system has it own spool . They do n't tangle.The tap and racket system not working might be due to thermo growth or warping when the spool gets warm . I 've tried filing the tabs buts it does n't seem to help . I do n't think it a problem with grass getting into the mechanism because cleaning it dows n't help . I 've had better luck with units that use speed change to advance the string.Is there a better aftermarket spool system ?
 It just wo n't start . I 've did everything that you should do and it just died . Next time I will just buy a Honda .
 Very poor design , materials , and workmanship . To make matters worse the support is non-existent . This is not the Troy Built we used to know and love .
 I bought the Troy-Bilt TB90BC from Lowe 's to replace an old Craftsman trimmer that finally wore out after 10 + years of pretty hard use . I liked this trimmer 's split shaft design , the ability to use it as either a brush cutter or string trimmer , as well as the Troy-Bilt reputation . This is a HORRIBLE product . Although it started fine the first or second time , it quickly became difficult to start , would n't come up to operating speed , and had no power . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT . Based on this experience I wo n't consider a Troy-Bilt product again . I 'm going to have to replace this piece of -LRB- new -RRB- junk - but this time I 'm going to go to my local lawn equipment dealer who also services the products that they sell . I may pay a little more - but being able to take it back to them for service if needed will be worth it .
 I 've had this trimmer 3 years . The first year it worked fine . I always stored it according to the manual and the second season it barely ran . I cleaned the carb and replaced the plug and it kind of worked for a few minutes at a time if I held the choke . This year it 's the same thing . According to my research they are disposable pieces of $ # & ! . I 'm going to take the sawzall to it and trash it . The carb does n't have adjustment so I guess they 're meant to work one year and Troybilt does n't care about reputation . Now I have to go to spend money on a new one if I want to do yard work . I 'll be sure the next one has an adjustable carb . I 've never had this much trouble with a 2-stroke engine . This thing was n't exactly cheap at about $ 150 ! Do I hear class action lawsuit ?!
 I also have 14 month old Troi Bilt string trimmer . Engine parts are not available on line . The local shop wanted $ 55.00 for the carberator and $ 45.00 labor plus $ 15.00 for the check-out . I purchased a new Ryobi trimmer to replace the Troi Bilt . It was easier than finding parts and the new price was only $ 122.00 with a one year warrenty.I guess Troi Built is placing a lot of money in advertising and not enough in customer support.FYI the Ryobi worked well the first time .
 If I could rate this lower than 1-star , I would . I tried to give this trimmer a fair shake , but it lived up to its bad reputation . The easy start feature is faulty ; it broke the second time I used it . To have it repaired would cost almost as much as the trimmer does new . I attempted to repair it myself but removing the clutch assembly without a special tool is practically imposible . I fought with it for hours and finally disposed of the whole thing , where it belongs , in the dump . I have owned lots of small machines like this but never have I had one that performed so poorly and was so difficult to repair . Please , please , please do not buy this . You will save yourself $ 100 and a ton of frustration .
 It 's been one year and I 'm on my second unit -LRB- first one was replace by Lowes -RRB- and now my current one is in the shop getting the carb rebuilt . It had about 4 tanks of gas run through it before its untimely demise and was stored EMPTY over the winter . My local service center AND Troy-Bilt say that additives in the gasoline -LRB- alcohols etc -RRB- caused the issue . This seems suspicious , but even if this is the case I would expect to get a bit more life out of the trimmer before a carb rebuild is necessary . Both parties are telling me I may need a carb rebuild every year ! I 'm considering cutting my losses at this point and buying a Stihl instead .
 I bought this product from Lowe 's . I used it for about 15 minutes with the string head and was very impressed , right up until the moment that it died and would not restart . I took it back to the store , where they gave me a refund , no questions asked.I was hoping that the extra $ $ compared to my previous Homelite would get me a quality product . It did n't . Based on my experience , and on the other reviews , I do n't think that I will be buying Troy-Bilt again .
 I purchased the unit for father 's day and used it for trimming a field of tall grass . I was amazed at the ease which it trimmed the grass and weeds . The second time I used the unit ; it stopped idling and then it died . I then looked in the manual and checked the air filter
 Slick appearing . Lousey operation . While cutting with the blade attachment , cuttings bound-up the blade against the shield and stalled-killed the engine.On attempted re-start , the starter mechanism failed to engage and no one will work on it . Troy-Bilt has no interest to help with a solution -LRB- I dare you to contact Troy-Bilt 's help line -RRB- and LOWES technician recommended that I throw it away and buy a new one . Instead and on reflection , I think I will buy some stock in Troy-Bilt and Lowes . Obviously they are a lot smarter than I am !!! My hope is that there are are enough other folks out there dumb enough -LRB- as I was -RRB- to buy one of these TB90BC Trimmer/Brushbutters . If there is , I expect to make enough off my two stock investments to hire somebody to do my little odd jobs -LRB- little jobs that I really wanted to do I might add here -RRB- . Folks , this is a crumby , crummy , lousey , lousy product -LRB- no matter how you spell it -RRB- to start with and brings with it absolutely ZERO SUPPORT after the sale . Only buy it if you can afford and stand to throw your money away !
 Purchased the Troy-Bilt TB90BC in September 2005 . Used it for about an hour , and it seemed to work fine . Stored it for the fall , following recommended guidlines , and took it out last week again . At first , the string cutting attachment failed to spin . Thinking something had become unwound - I dissambled the attachement and rewound the string . Unit still did not work . Tried brushcutter attachment and found the problem was was with the spinning mechanism , it was not turning.While working on the product , the engine had just stopped and now refuses to start . I just added a fresh fuel/oil to it that day . Upon attempting to restart , the engine makes a clicking sound as if seized - I did not have the unit on for more than 5 minutes at a time.Went back and forth with the manufacturer in trying to obtain a refund . Discovered MTD Products has no interest in any form of customer service , and will not even provide you with a specfic person 's e-mail . They contact out their customer service to a firm , and never hear your complaints . Will now try to bring ti back to the retailer.The reason this review has one star is that this form requires you to put at least one . If you want to waste time and one hundred sixty dollars , this product is highly recommended .
 I bought this trimmer last year because of the good review for Troy-Bilt in general.It did started up very nicely . However , the second time I 've used it -LRB- the same day -RRB- , it idling slowly and died , with more than half a tank of brand new mixed fuel . Thought that it might just be a defective item . It happens . So I brought it back to Lowes and got a replacement.The second one worked very well . I 've used it with the cultivator attachment and it proved to be quite powerful.For the Fall , I 've followed the instruction for storage , let it runs dry ... Took it out for the second season , started up , and it worked for five minutes before it died in the same fashion as the first one.Thought I might have done something wrong . But in looking at the review , maybe this particular model is faulty .
 As I write this review I am running the gas tank dry prior to tossing this equipment into the trash . It worked ONCE , then the head stopped turning . There is a replacement gearbox assembly available on the company 's web site for $ 36 plus shipping , but I would prefer to invest that amount towards a new , quality product .
 See update below.I bought the TB90BC in January 2007 . At first , it ran fine . I had a few problems with it stalling when I turned the trimmer at odd angles , but I thought it had to do with the fuel supply . However , a few months later , it started to sputter and was hard to start and I had to feather the throttle to keep it running . Then it quit running in May . I followed the manual instructions on how to check the air filter and spark arrestor . No problem there . I took it to a factory service center . The tech told me that it was not worth the effort to fix because every internal part was destroyed . He also told me that he has seen this happen on several other Troy-Bilts . He told me to take it back to Lowe 's for replacement.I did n't have any trouble getting an exchange at Lowe 's even after 6 months though one lady was more than a bit rude . The `` Zone Manager '' gave the okay without any problem.The replacement has a different engine configuration . However , on start-up it has a clanking noise . I 'm crossing my fingers , hoping that it lasts more than a few months . *** Update *** I 've had the new trimmer for a few months . Apparently Troy-Bilt has redesigned the choke . There is a new engine starting procedure and a three setting choke . Following the procedure , the engine has started every time . It has run almost without fail . So , make sure that you 're getting the model with the three setting choke . Still one star because the handle is not ergonomic , the shoulder strap is useless and it vibrates . But at least I 'm able to use it . *** Further Update **** The trimmer died after about 20 months . Stopped working just like the previous one . I bought a Husqvarna 128CD . Much better , less vibration , easy to start and uses the same accessories . Should have bought it instead of wasting my time with the Troy-Bilt .
 I have had this product about three years . My first problem with it was a stripped gear assembly in the trimmer head . That was about $ 50 plus shipping.My most recent problem involved replacing a damaged primer bulb . About a dollars worth of soft plastic . I looked at the parts list and could not find it so I made $ 50 worth of bad guesses , assuming it would be part of a carburetor rebuild kit or the gas tank assembly . Of course it was n't . So I contacted the parts agent -LRB- Troy Bilt does not sell part for their products , instead outsources to another company -RRB- . This time I learned that the only way to get the primer bulb was to order the carburetor itself . A little over $ 50 . So be warned , this is not a reliable piece of equipment and it will be expensive to maintain , even if you do it yourself .
 I bought one from a local store . It ran for about 15 minutes before I heard a snapping noise come from the engine . It quickly dies and refused to start again.I returned it and got a replacement . The second one ran for 1/2 hour before failing the same way.I 'll be returning the second one and never buying a Troy-Bilt product again .
 I have had this trimmer for several years , and each year its the same story.It will start , but wont run . Off to the shop for $ 50 fix.I 've run her dry , left her full of gas . It doesnt matter.Between the ethanol in the gas which sucks water , and eats components , and this horrible trimmer , I am going with Stihl and NEVER EVER buy anything else.DONT WASTE your time and money buying this piece of junk
 I bought this unit last year and only used it a few times . Today I filled it with gas/oil and it started perfectly . While I was trimming some weeds I noticed the unit start to vibrate heavily , and then then engine fell off the back of the shaft . The engine still runs good , too bad it 's no longer attached to the rest of the trimmer .
 I purchased this trimmer 2 years ago . Was pleased for the 1st season . 2nd season the head stopped turning . Contacted two repair shops for evaluation , both indicated that the `` CLUTCH '' was the problem . About $ 70 to repair and indicated I would only get about 35 more hours out of the unit before I had to repeat this repair . They showed me the `` STACK '' of Troy Builts they had accumulated over the past two months from customers who purchased new equipment -LRB- other brands -RRB- and added their TB90BC Troy Built to the junk pile . I just did the same and bought a Husqvarna.Troy Built does not reflect the legendary quality we think of when we think of Troy , the great Mediterranean City . This unit is Troy Built , from Mexico . About as good as a peso !!! We got NAFTA'ed . Steer clear of this product .
 After reading the first two reviews , I plunged ahead with this purchase wondering `` How hard can it be to install a retractable screen door ? '' Well , pretty much impossible with instructions written and illustrated by someone had apparently not tried to install the product themselves and definitely impossible with a heavy , clunky , ineffectively designed product . You can get it cheaper at Home Depot -LRB- $ 129.99 -RRB- but , honestly , $ 1.29 is still too much to spend on this futile exercise . Save yourself the time and find another solution .
 Does not fit properly . Each time I attach it , the lens pops out . I 'm returning this and ill find something else that works better .
 I was initially very happy with this item . I replaced a fingerprint reader doorknob with this . After two years of not being able to open the door when my hands are wet or dirty from working in the yard , this was a welcome change . Installation was easy and it seemed to work well at first.However , there are three issues . First , sometimes the lock gets hung up and you can not open the door unless you have a key or are inside . Secondly , the auto lock does n't always lock . Finally , the door knob was much harder to turn than my previous door knobs and none of my children ages 4,6,8 could turn the knob to exit the house . My wife thought this was a safety hazard in case of a fire and ultimately made me replace it.I replaced it with a Schlage model FE595 from Home Depot for $ 129 , which at the time of this review was cheaper than Amazon . This opens flawlessly , has a reversible lever handle for right or left handed doors , and overall seems to be a sturdier unit than this one . It also has a much smaller footprint on the door , which looks much better .
 Five years ago , purchased two Morning Industry locks -LRB- that still work to this day -RRB- . Later , when we wanted to add keyless locks to the other outside doors , Morning Industry had re-designed the locks . We bought two and the unlock function on both doors began working sporatically , requiring more and more attempts to get the doors to unlock . Then , they simply would n't unlock the doors - all within 6 months . Keyless Entry Locks are not cheap and , if I had it to do over again , I would not invest the time and money for this keypad lock .
 This is almost a really neat item . I have had one on the door from my house to my garage for around 10 months . I love the convenience of not having to dig out a key to get into the house when I park my car . What is the fatal flaw ? The door can be opened from the inside with the lock locked . Conventional door knobs do not let you turn the knob with the lock locked . You could argue that this is more secure as you wo n't forget to lock your door . I would argue that the 167th time that you step out into your garage for just a second and then have to enter the # $ * ing combination to get back in because you forgot to unlock the door first , the idea of touchpad entry into your house loses almost all of its charm .
 I am an old man and have lost the strength in my hands . I find this lock is almost impossible for me to open from either side . My wife can not open . I have contacted the company and they say it can be fixed - waiting for instructions . If I can not get it to work easier I will have to return it . Hopefullly the company will come through or perhaps be able to install handles instead of a knob . Otherwise the hardest part of the installation was connecting the wires . I would like to have a combination that would have to be used before programming . Anyone can remove the little screw and then program their own numbers - and you would never know . They also could push one button to delete all the codes . Not as secure as it could be because of this . It is one little screw secure.UPDATEI talked to the company and they said to use some oil . Did give me a choice to return the knobs and when they received them they would send handles . I had to pay freight both ways and they had to receive the knobs before they would send the handles - in the meantime a door without hardware . They say they have had the complaint before . I will return to Amazon and not buy another one like this . They seemed to not really care about helping a customer to any degree .
 This otherwise great lock has a huge design flaw with its simplest part - the latch , which makes the knob hard to turn . If you compare the latch design to a latch by any other manufacturer , you 'll notice that the flaps that move the latch when the knob is rotated are moved very far from the center of the cam compared to other latches . The resulting angles of the contact between the cam and the flaps cause the moving part of the latch to stick and make it very difficult to start rotating the knob at the very beginning of the latch movement.After experiencing the problem and finding out occasional complains by other people in web reviews , I contacted the company and received the replacement latch . It is a bit better , but is still much harder than a Weiser latch I had before . After comparing the latches , I found this problem mentioned above . It must be obvious to any mechanically inclined person that such a design will cause problems , as it does . I wonder why the company did not fix this easy-to-fix design problem with such a simple part , whose design must have been time-proven by the centuries of use ... I though of using the Weiser latch -LRB- which moves easily -RRB- with this lock , but unfortunately the square hole that engages the latch with the knob in this lock is bigger , making the swap impossible ...
 I bought this lock and immediately installed it . The keypad and mechanism would not work . I called technical support - they went through everything with me and determined that it was faulty . They agreed to send me another one at their expense . Very nice gentleman in customer service . I installed that lock with complete success one month ago . One month later it is doing the same thing the original keypad did . It does n't register `` no sound '' when you press the buttons . I unpluggeed the connection and plugged it in again to see if that would reset something , to no avail . I then purchased a pack of brand new digital AA batteries . The batteries tested perfect on a battery meter - still no sound . I then went out and purchased a second set of high end digital batteries . Those tested + for juice - still nothing . This product is not worth the aggrevation . I 've spent too much time on this already . Will look to another manufacturer for a replacement product .12 / 3/2009Update
 I bought this Ball joint tool in order to help me in changing my car 's suspension but the metal it is built from is so soft that it did not serve any purpose and the fork bent right away and it was going to cut through the rubber seals around the ball joints that it was supposedly designed to protect . For tools like that , unless you are definitely certain about its quality and right size , it is better to purchase them from your local store so that you could exchange right away in case it is defective etc. .
 These knee pads are uncomfortable and when wearing them my knee cap shifts around on them . Not to mention that the plastic face slips on some surfaces . I decided to go with the cheaper knee keeper knee pads instead . They slip less and provide enough cushion for the price .
 My workers REALLY wanted the Bucket Boss Mojo `` 2 '' knee pads -LRB- as pictured as Bucket Boss 92015 Mojo Kneepads -RRB- but the ones shipped to me -LRB- with same model # -RRB- are different with a hard outer shell rather than the rubberized shell pictured . Does anyone know where I can get some of the Mojo `` 2 '' kneepads ?
 The picture they have with the listing is of a completly different pair of knee pads ... I saw the picture and really wanted that set because I had a set of them and wore them out , they were the most comfortable I 've ever had ... SHAME ON YOU AMAZON , BAIT AND SWITCH ... Oh yea i hate the set the sent ,
 I feel like I am a victim of false advertising . I ordered based on the photo showing Bucket Boss Mojo Kneepads but received the Mojo 2 kneepads . They did n't fit like the orginials so I sent them back . If Amazon ca n't put the right picture on the screen then go back to just selling books .
 I 've had this router for 14 months with minimal use . I was cutting 1/8 '' slots in 3/4 '' walnut and it burned up . I mean totally burned up . For only $ 20.00 more I bought the 31/2 HP Bosch 1619EVS .
 I 've used this router exactly 3 times in the past 6 years . Each session has been no longer than 10 minutes , with light work jobs -LRB- door hinges -RRB- . 2 of the 3 times the on/off switch failed . I have to take it in to a repair shop to replace the switch / diagnose the thing . It 's now cost me more to repair it than it did to buy it . When it actually works , it did a fine job . Recommend avoiding this router , which I see is now unavailable .
 I 've been restoring a 200 year old Dutch colonial house for a number of years . Part of the restoration is the creation of many sets of window and door casings in red oak . This router has several nice features , like a built-in armature lock for changing the bits from above the table with one -LRB- included -RRB- wrench and an above-table height adjustment . The router worked fine for about a month , then suddenly quit working . It was still under warranty and the Porter Cable service shop took about 3 weeks to fix it . I used it successfully in a router table for about another year and just before Christmas 2012 needed to do some routing again . This time the router wo n't work at any speed setting higher than 6 on the dial . Although I can use it at that slower speed , I still feel cheated with this tool . It was expensive and should cause me NO PROBLEMS . I usually buy the best tools I can afford because I 've come to learn that you often get what you pay for , but this router is an exception to that rule . I do a hobbyist 's level of woodworking , not production level , and I expected more from this expensive router - like dependability . So for Christmas I asked for -LRB- and received -RRB- a Bosch 1617EVS router , which has the same features and so far is working great . It seems to me that Porter Cable is best at air-powered tools , as I 've never had any problems with their framing and finishing nail guns . The Bosch router now joins my other Bosch power tools -LRB- random orbit sander , compound miter saw and table saw -RRB- . The Porter Cable router is now sitting and gathering the dust created by the Bosch router -LRB- at least until I can get it fixed again and sell it -RRB- .
 i have owned this router for two years and in the first 6 months the plastic knob to lock height adjustment stripped had to replace with a metal wing nut.the router will no longer hold itself in any plunge position without manually pushing down while routing.too much plastic parts that strip out . i have its bigger brother 31/4 hp plunger and it is a much better router well worth spending extra $ for.this router basically is a $ 150 dust collecter sitting on the shelf .
 I bought this bag about 5 years ago and loved it ! I work as an industrial mechanic in a soda pop plant . My old bag has a very heavy RUBBER bottom that I could sit anywhere and not worry about getting the bottom all wet . It finally wore out and I went to buy another and it come with a wimpy lousy vinyl bottom that certainly wo n't stand up like the old one . The new one does n't sit up well either . It just slouches over . What a disappointment from the old one ! By the way , the picture on this website is of the old bag , not the new one that I got in the mail . The hopalong bag has the same crappy bottom , as I tried them both . I sent it back .
 I bought this bag to replace the same bag that I bought a few years ago . Bucket boss must have `` upgraded '' their products because what I received is junk ! The picture on this site is what it used to look like . The new one does not have a hard bottom , the sides do not stand up by themselves , and the material itself is maybe half the thickness of what I had before . If this is representative of Bucket boss quality , they lost me as a customer after many years of happiness ! I 'm returning this one immediately !
 I picked this bag because of the rave reviews and because my old bag would n't stand up straight anymore . Well , this bag wo n't stand up straight either and it 's brand new . What a pain !
 II owned this bag from many years back . I LOVE IT . Unfortunately my acid flux destroyed it . I bought this new one . So disappointed . No rubber reinforced bottom . Thinner material . No reinforcement in side walls . Skinny little handles . If I was n't so stuck in my ways I would have returned , but I really like the layout . I 'm going to put leather on the bottom and make some sheet metal boxes to slide inside the large compartments . Shame on American companies for being stingy on products they already manufacture out of the country . BUY AMERICAN whenever you can !
 I have bought and worn out two of the 06088 tool bag as a service plumber since 2003 . The newest version of this bag is a lightweight imposter for the rough duty bag it used to be . It no longer has a rubber bottom to protect surfaces and is made of a material that is n't even as strong as most camera bags . Without the rubber bottom it now slides all around my service van-Ahhhhhhhhh . The cheapo who spec 'd the new bag should be fired . Not the high quality anymore .
 Pros : Sturdy base , solid construction.Cons : Item arrived without any assembly instructions . Was able to find a manual online for a similar base online which helped with assembly . After assembly it was clear that it did not fit the Powermatic 64A as indicated , so had to return it.Front locking foot -LRB- separate from the caster -RRB- seems like an afterthought in how it bolts on . Could be integrated into the caster for a better design .
 I bought a very similar base from this company . Note that there is no brake on the swivel wheel . If you do n't mind your surface planer swiveling around while you try to use it , go ahead and get this base .
 The Keller 2200 has been around for a fairly long time . Long enough to write an instruction manual . This jig is nothing more than a big piece of plastic and a couple of cheap router bits . Its worth about 75 to 100 dollars , if that . Of course I knew that when I bought it . What really irks me is that the manual is completely useless . I could write a better manual in a day . Not only is it useless , but its not even for the Model 2200 . It has a label stuck on to the title page covering the models the manual was actually written for . The instructions are for different models that have different dimensions . The pages appear to have been patched together from different sources . It is disorganized , incomplete and a waste of paper.This may be nothing important to most , but to people who take pride in their craft and who admire good workmanship , this is an affront . The people who sell the Keller are lazy , sloppy people who thumb their noses at their customers . I will never buy another Keller product !!
 I have a badger 5 and it developed a crack . I did some research and found lots of people with this problem . Stay away from this product
 Do not purchase a disposer with a galvanized steel blade mechanism . 6 months old and it is completely rusted out ! Garbage !
 Bought this unit 12 months ago after my original badger 5 gave up the ghost . While installation was easy , unfortunately the unit didnt make it to its first birthday before it started leaking due to a cracked housing . We 've never put bones down the disposal , egg shells and canteloupe rinds are about as tough as it got for the badger 7 but that proved too much for the housing to take before it cracked in 2 places . Luckily we had the warranty ... wrong ! since i cant find my original receipt -LRB- my fault -RRB- the company wont honor the warranty . that is in despite of the fact we registered the warranty when we purchased the product . Apparently per customer service that is only for marketing purposes . My advise , buy a Waste King , # 1 rated by consumer reports .
 The plastic case for the disposal broke where the drain attaches . It lasted 4 years of intermittent use . I would not recommend this product -- it is poor quality .
 Purchased it assuming that going to 3/4 hp would mean a more durable unit . Wrong . Assumed the `` In-sink-erator '' brand would mean quality . Wrong . It lasted exactly 2 months before the day when I flipped the switch and the unit just sits there and hums . Blades are not jammed and can be spun freely with my hand , there was no incident with anything jamming it up or clunking around in there -- the thing just ceased to work ... so it feels like something in the unit just failed . I 've read some reviews that tapping on the motor housing may fix the issue , but is this really what I want to expect from an appliance ? Going to buy a different unit , different brand and swap it out this weekend and never ever touch this brand again.Willing to bet if I look on the underside it will say `` Hecho en Chine '' . There is a price we pay for `` cheap '' , folks , wise up and start buying more American .
 I am currently a home remodeler and , in my opinion , I have replaced far too many InSinkErator disposals that had cracked plastic housings . Failed plastic housings do sell replacement disposals so InSinkErator might have something going for them.The mechanics , motor and grinder components in InSinkErators I have replaced seem to last well but the plastic housings certainly need some serious engineering attention.InSinkErator Evolution Compact 3/4 HP Household Garbage DisposerInSinkErator Badger 51/2 HP Food Waste DisposerI am also a retired engineer who specialized in plastic injection molded parts -LRB- resin selection -RRB- and tooling to make the parts.I hope InSinkErator reads the following.My opinion is InSinkErator continues to ignore the root cause of the problem which is a poor choice of plastic material and/or improper tooling . Disposals must endure temperature cycles , vibration , and chemicals which means the proper plastic resin must be selected.In molding the part , the tooling and processing must produce a part where the plastic resin is not stressed -LRB- shear forces , etc. -RRB- during injection and not have weak weld lines where the plastic rejoins in the mold after flowing around obstructions -LRB- i.e. , the inlet hole/pipe from the dishwasher where the hose connects or the holes for the bolts that connect the top housing to the motor housing.I just replaced a disposal I installed 3 to 4 years ago . It was used in a second home that is used only 5 weeks a year ; thus low usage.In summary , I suggest a disposal that has stainless steel grinder housing . Today , I am replacing a Badger 9/Badger 900 -LRB- plastic housing model that cracked in 3 to 4 years -RRB- with a InSinkErator Evolution Excel 1 HP Stainless Steel model . More expensive but hopefully worth the cost .
 We replaced two old disposal units in our kitchen at the same time a year ago , getting rid of the units that were here when we bought the house 11 years ago , after one of the old units failed . About 3 - 4 weeks ago , one of the new units developed a crack in the housing , and had to be replaced -LRB- fortunately it was under warranty -RRB- . Now , less than a month later , the other new unit developed cracks in the same location of the housing - obviously a design or manufacturing defect , for both to fail the exact same way within the exact same time frame . Stay away from this make and model - I thought Insinkerator was good , but I was obviously wrong . So sorry I chose this brand - will never make this mistake again . So tired of cleaning up the disgusting leaking messes from under the kitchen sink this month !
 I am disappointed with the durability of this disposer . Like many others , I thought I was buying the best with Insinkerator but I was wrong . After 3 years of putting up with the humming and the resets with nothing blocking the unit from turning , I 'm giving up . I thought I could get a little more time out of this unit but when I looked inside with a flashlight and saw all the corrosion and rotted away metal , I know it 's time to toss it . Waste King here I come !
 After one year of use , the housing now has developed several cracks and is leaking . DO NOT GET THIS MODEL .
 Same issue as a few reviewers here . After a few months of VERY light use , one day i flipped the switch and it did nothing but hum . No jam . Just didnt work . Do not buy .
 These things do NOT last . We use this disposal very sparingly and never put anything hard down it . Nevertheless , it has developed 3 vertical cracks in the housing and it leaks . I found many similar complaints online . Very disappointed in this product and will not buy another .
 Mine failed after only a few years of light duty use ... one of the grinding lugs apparently came loose ... . power is n't as great at 3/4HP would suggest either ... and the grinding is pathetic ... at least 2 times I 've had to remove the pipe to unclog it ... z
 The InSink Erator Badger I purchased last April was shipped to me here in the Philippines this month . I was having it installed when I first noticed there was no power cord . Fortunately I still had the old Badger and was able to use the cord . After installation , the new Badger did not work ! It just produced a stuck-up sound . Now I have to suffer the consequence of buying overseas . The seller -LRB- Grady 's Ace Hardware -RRB- should have inspected the item before delivery .
 The product was shipped on time and looked to be in great shape . BOY WAS I WRONG . Once the disposal was installed it would only hum but not turn . I tried everything to get it to work before calling the company . They instructed me to hit the reset button . Like I had not tried this already . After a few days the company finally gave me a reference code for a handy man . The handy man came out and said the bearing was damaged in it and they would replace it for free . Now I am just waiting for another one to come in and hopefully it will work .
 Defective design causes it to rust and start leaking out of the bottom near the reset button . Only has a three year warranty and that 's about as long as you can expect it to last . Upgraded to the `` XP '' thinking I would get more usage than the old Badger I replaced , but I was sorely disappointed . Noticed the Big Box Home Improvement store where I purchased it no longer carries this model.I 'm giving up on the Badger and looking for something more reliable .
 You get what you pay for . I bought this square thinking I 'd get accurate right angles on wood boards and squaring up my table saw miter gauge . After multiple frustrating attempts , I gave up . It is absolutely out-of-square and useless for making square cuts on any saw . I would n't buy it even it was a dollar . To test it , I tightened the thumb-screw very tight and placed the square against a straight counter top in multiple locations and drew a line with a pencil . I then flipped the square over and drew another line originating from the first . Sure enough , the ends of the marks were nearly 1/16 '' off . Bad product and poor quality control . Probably good only for rough framing of houses .
 Despite seeing several bad reviews for this combination square at Lowes.com , I thought perhaps Amazon was selling a slightly different model since all the reviews here were 5-star -LRB- correction
 I 'd give this zero stars if I could . I bought one of these recently . I did n't use it long though . The brass bolt fatigued and broke through the corner of the groove . I wonder if anyone else has had this problem . Should have paid the extra money for a good one ...
 . . and I stepped on it with my foot and it sank in about 3/4 of an inch -- OUCH ! I did n't even know that was there . . I threw the stupid nail screw away after that .
 The `` turn on '' part of this design is well though out . You have to make a deliberate double action to turn on the tool.Unfortunately , the `` turn off '' part is not nearly as good . A switch like this should immediately turn off with a single slap . Instead , you have to work the slide lock before you can turn the tool off . It 's almost as hard as turning it on , and in an emergency -LRB- e.g. you get clothing or a finger caught in the router -RRB- , it 's worse than useless .
 Amazon is having manufacturing difficulties with this item . I placed my order for the 10-pack and received only 1 bolt . I contacted their customer service dept by phone , who had another pack sent to me next day air . However , the replacement only had 1 bolt as well . After another customer service call , they told me I will have to send back both bolts to get a refund while they straighten this out with the manufacturer . I am going to order some bolts from else where . One thing I can say for Amazon is that their customer service department was fast and helpful . Luckily I am not waiting on these with a down snowblower!Edited on 12/28
 Do your research before ordering . In the past this was a 10-pack of nuts and bolts as you can see for older reviews . Under the technical details it has now changed to a 2-pack . I made the mistake of ordering a quantity of 2 thinking I would get 20 for a good price . When it arrived I received a total of 2 nuts and 2 bolts at a cost of $ 17.09 including shipping . You can get a 3-pack at Home Depot for $ 14.99 . Talked with customer service and they were willing to send me 2 additional nuts and bolts but nothing else . Instead I had them returned and received a full refund including shipping . At the same time I had my snowblower worked on and my local shop sold me these for $ 1.50 a piece . With shipping Amazon can not beat my local shops price .
 The item description promises small bolts , but I 've got large ones - useless for my snow thrower model . I am sending them back .
 The Ariens pins are plated with yellow Zinc , these pins do not seem to be plated .
 This is ONE BOLT per package . ONE BOLT and ONE NUT . You can find a much better price at nearly any hardware store -LRB- typically $ 2.60 -RRB- . DO NOT BE FOOLED INTO THINKING THIS IS A 10-pack .
 Do n't be fooled like I was - although advertised as 30A-120 / 277V , this switch is labeled
 faded quickly ... but they still stick to windows , even if they are unreadable . ugh . not long lasting . not a good purchase
 I am not sure why , have n't gotten my stickers , I ordered 01/08 its now 01/15 nothing yet , but the delivery date says 01/14
 Item arrived as promised but the screws were not properly collated and frequently jammed my Quick Drive Gun . I wasted a lot of time and many screws due to this condition . I have used this Quick Drive Gun for many years and this is the first time I have experienced any problem with the collated screws .
 Found out the hard way that this thing is only rated for 150psi and not rated for 250psi as advertised . It made it to about 170psi when the bowl exploded like a bomb . Also the gauge that came with it didnt read right the needle was jumping up 5psi at a time instead of raising smoothly .
 The unit never programmed properly . The instructions are hard to understand and the diagrams are are wrong . After repeated attempts at programming I returned the unit .
 PURCHASED TWO OF THESE TIMERS ONE FOR MY GARAGE OUTSIDE LIGHT , ONE FOR MY FRONT DOOR LIGHT.THE FIRST ONE WORKED FOR ABOUT A WEEK , THE SECOND ONE - ABOUT A MONTH - VERY VERY DISAPPOINTING - I GUESS THAT IS WHY HARDWARE/ELECTRICAL SUPPLY STORES STOPPED CARRYING THEM .
 I received the Intermatic EJ351C 24hour wall timer and called an electrician to install it . He said it did not work because it was defective . I then had to order another one and pay shipping again . When I receive the new one I will have to pay the electrician again . My cost for install and postage will be more than the cost iof the timer . Not happy
 i like this product but the last Intermatic programmable timer I bought lasted only one year before it malfunctioned . . Intermatic programmable timer , intermatic programmabe timerl
 This switch is junk it wont last long if it works . Find an alternative I did after 2 intermatics broke imediatly . Intermatic didnt really care when I contacted them .1 star is too high
 I installed the timer and it worked fine though the dial was hard to read and the LED was dim . However , after two weeks the timer stopped working . I put the manual switch back in and the light works fine . I hope it 's a fluck .
 i would not buy timer again . it was a nightmare to get it to work . called intermatic -- they lead me thru programing . very difficult to do . now it is finally working after 2 callls and 2 defective timers . try another timer .
 This timmer/switch never did work , could not even turn on the light in manual mode let alone in automatic mode.Wasted 2 hours trying to get it to work.I just tossed it in the trash and took it as a loss.Never again ...
 I 'm not sure how long these things should last , but I had two that were installed five years ago and they died at the same time . Maybe it 's a mechanical issue where it just wears down after a while . Anyway , I 'm going to try an electronic one this time . I 'm way too lazy to figure out my circuit breaker again .
 Bought this unit for as a replacement for an older unit . It worked for about a week and then failed and would not program . Cheap unit ; recommend getting a digital replacement . The supplier was a pleasure to work with ; responded and quickly shipped a replacement unit which thankfully is working properly .
 I used four Intermatic timers of this type over the past twenty years . They were easy to use -LRB- only one programming mode -RRB- , reliable , and durable . This model is a step down from them . There are several programming modes , making the instructions more complicated and causing much doubt as to which mode is operative and whether or not the programming is successful . In addition , it is too easy to make unintentional contact with the switch when programming , causing mistakes . I have learned the idiosyrcracies of this timer and can use it now . I do n't understand why Intermatic did n't leave well enough alone and continue the older , simpler model . I do n't recommend this switch to a newbee ; find another model .
 I was excited to find this product on line because I could never find one in the stores and needed to replace the one I had for three years . My current timer will turn the lights on and off manually but the timer is n't working now . When I tried to install the new one , nothing worked ! You ca n't even manually turn the lights on/off ! I put the old timer back in and will buy a plain light switch to replace it . If anyone knows of another timer with only two wires , I 'd like to know . I only have two wires in my wall so I ca n't install the newer timers that have four wires . -LRB- black , white , green , red -RRB- I wo n't waste money buying another one of these Intermatic timers .
 I had this timer less than 6 months.Not only that it was impossible to use , but short-lived as well.It is not even functioning now.I was so upset and decided to hire an electrician who put in a new timer.The new timer has working fine for 3 months now -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- !
 Pros
 I bought this timer/switch because I have one in my garage and it works great . I bought it on-line because I ca n't remember where I got the first one.I wired up with the help of my father who is an electrician , Right when I turned it on I heard a big pop sound then a little brunt smell , and a tripped breaker.I ask my father about it , he said sometimes you get a `` bad '' switch . Told me to bring it back , but when you do things on-line , it 's diificult to return items like this one.Next time I 'll think before spending over $ 20 for electrical parts on-line
 I ordered an in wall timer ... a NEW , unopened item so I thought . When it arrived I was shocked to find that what I received was something that not only had been cut open and obviously returned by someone , but part of the packaging was missing and it was crudely taped back together . It actually looks like it might have installed and then returned . This is NOT a merchant I want to do business with again .
 All functions seamed working properly right after installation . I tried to adjust the timer to increase/decrease to trigger the on/off mode then the timer was malfunction . To me , this product is very poor performance . I replaced the current EJ351C with the cheap one -LRB- Wood 59745 Switch Timer - cost $ 12 bucks -RRB- and it solved all the problems .
 I have used these times for many years for all my outside lights . I loved them because they were very easy to program and very reliable . I use to purchase them from Home Depot and they stopped carrying them . Now i know why ... These are not made to the same quality standards as in the past . These timers have a mind of there own . They do not hold the program and go on and off as they please . The first one i got worked find , after playing with it several times . The second timer , no such luck , so i returned it to Amazon for a replacement . Amazon was great , they sent the replacement right out . I waited almost one month to find someone to install the new one for me and this one is no better then the last one . I would like to get another replacement and am hoping that the three times a charm is my luck but I 'm past my return date by five days . I only want to get a replacement so we 'll see how the next one goes . If you have to hire a handyman or electrician everytime you need this replaced , do not purchase this timer!Intermatic EJ351C 120 Volt 24-Hour Programmable Mechanical Security Timer
 I have used these timers for years and never had a problem with them . Last year I broke one accidentally while moving some furniture and ordered several `` Used Like New '' switches through Amazon . These switches are not available locally so I thought I would replace the broken one and keep a couple as back ups . The first switch lasted less than a year and stopped working . The next two were dead out of the box and the return period is over -- Should have tested them when I first got them . Do n't waste your time on the used models -- hopefully the `` New '' product is reliable .
 Highly inaccurate to the point where only a month after repogramming it -LRB- yes , you will need to redo this very often -RRB- you find the timer is now off by several HOURS , not just minutes !!! Should you ignore it , it will end up starting during the day & turning off at night !! Spend $ 2 - $ 5 more and get a better product .
 I have had one of these installed for my back yard lights for 7 years ... it is perfectly reliable and programs perfectly too . Now for the bad news
 From past experience , these Intermatic Timers used to be well-made/reliable . However , after recently installing two timers and having to return them for replacements , I have concluded that the current defects were not a fluke . The quality control on these timers has apparently been abandoned . The first timer would n't turn on , the second timer literally fell apart when I was pushing it back into the electrical box , and the third timer -LRB- soon to be returned -RRB- has developed a mind of its own ... turning on and off when it feels like it . Not only do these timers waste consumers ' time to install and having to return them to Amazon -LRB- great return policy -RRB- , it is a safety issue .
 My landlady installed this timer for the exterior lighting . My problem
 I bought this four years ago and have had nothing but problems . Three problems :1 . EVERY time there is a power outage you need to reset the schedule .2 . It is difficult to set and understand how to program it . Several times I 've confused AM and PM causing my light schedule to not work properly .3 . Even when I know I set the timer correctly , it does n't always work properly.I 'm now on the hunt for a new mechanical timer that hopefully works better .
 Timer worked reliably , so far as it is designed to , for a year or so and then began to turn on the light that it controlled earlier and earlier each cycle -- clearly defective . Of course , the warranty expired two weeks before this began happening , so I am in the market for a new timer.Reliability issues aside , I will not be purchasing another timer of the same model due to the fact that it was a pain to have to regularly reprogram the timer to follow a dusk-to-dawn schedule anyway -LRB- it 's a moving target -RRB- , so I am now searching for a somewhat higher quality , self-adjusting timer .
 I have to agree w / several of the reviews previously posted on this product . Firt just let me say I 'm not claiming to be a lic electrian . However I can wire a ceiling fan , light switch , outlet box with easy and have done many of these in the past . I just tried to install two timers and I could not get the Red Light functioning on either timer to even tell how to program it . One unit seemed to not work at all . The 2nd unit was able to control the lights -LRB- lights actually came on -RRB- but without the indicator light it was impossible to tell how to program it . As troubleshooting for each unit I completely uninstalled the unit and started over again , checking connections , re-reading the instructions for error , I wound up doing this 5 times and still could n't get it to function . I 'd stay clear of this product unless you have successfully used in the past and have a very high confidence level with the installation . It is NOT an intuitive product and appears cheaply made . I also was n't happy with the cheap , loose , plastic control dial as it did n't appear to be rugged . I attempted both thinking maybe the first unit was a dud but then had problems with the second timer as well so I just uninstalled both . Maybe the older ones were a little sturdier and more reliable from seeing some other posts but I 'd never buy another one .
 I 'm not sure I 've ever owned one of these that has lasted for at least two years . The previous one I had only lasted 18 months . The newer one only lasted July to September before it stopped working . It 's too late to get a full refund from Amazon , so I am contacting the company directly . So far , I 'm not impressed
 I 've bought a half dozen or so of this model and its immediate predecessor model over the last 18 years . My complaint
 This vendor 's shipping costs are more than half the price of the device . The product is good - I own one . Buy it somewhere else .
 I ordered two of these things one did n't work right out of the box -LRB- I did everything right -RRB- turned power off to the switch i was very carefull . The other one lasted about a week before it just stop working . I have used these before without problems one was a replacment switch for one I had for years the other was a spare .
 My husband keeps insisting that we put these timers on our lights , but quite frankly , they have failed either in the first week or first month . We have not figured out why they keep crapping out , but they do . We had them in our old house , but it was an old house with questionable electrical work so we blamed it on that , but now we have a new house and brandy new electrical and still the same outcome . Save your time and money and get a manual switch ; then set your own timer to let you when to turn on the light !
 It should say on the description of the product `` NOT FOR USE WITH CFL `` Have return product very very very unhappy -LRB- Pissed off -RRB- . Could have bought the correct model if this was pointed outreally sucks ...
 I bought three . The pic was not clear enough to tell me whether I needed a switch or socket plate , so I also bought some socket plates . Well , they need switch plates . I immediiately had problems with the fit of these inside my existing boxes . These items are big and they take up a lot of box room . The connect mechanism was ok but took a little work . The front looks cheap and flimsy.The most frustrating was after the installation , I have had trouble controlling on one of the timers and this means I have to go through the effort of replacing it , which is a hassle . When guest try to use these , they look at me puzzled . The device is also not very good looking , almost something out of the sixties and sticks out way too far . It does n't math anything . In the end , I am very disappointed and would never recommend these to anyone .
 Seemed like the timer was already returned to the retailer , then sold to me . It never worked properly as the timer just was not accurate in the on it off controls . I unhooked it and it now rests on my work bench . Should I return it to Amazon ?
 Why do companys need to re invent the wheel.All I want , and most people , except men who like toys , is a timer that goes off and on at a certain time.This timer is a pain in the ass.I bought 20 of them , I live in Antigua in the Caribbean , so it will cost more than what I paid for them to re ship them to the US
 A few years back , I bought one to control a lighting circuit that I use for my Christmas lights . It was easy enough to install , but its operation as far as programming the on-off cycles is exceedingly tedious and counter-intuitive . Even having done it three or four times , I would still need the instructions . But for a once-per-year activity I could forgive that , but it broke this year . It would not light up my lights automatically or manually . I know nothing lasts forever , but an electrical switch should last for more than three or four years .
 I have gone through five of these both at my own house and that of a relative . At first I though they were OK even if they were cumbersome to set up . But only one of the five provided reliable service for more than two years . None would work reliably with CFLs beyond the first week . I did n't realize how much better a wall switch timer could be until I bought Aube T1071 . Now I wonder why I ever bothered with this Intermatic . When I read some of the reviews praising the Intermatic EJ351C , I have to wonder what other products it is being compared to . The Aube is so much more logical and easier to set up . The caveats on the Aube T1071 are :1 -RRB- it requires a neutral wire in the electrical box2 -RRB- it requires a `` decora '' switchplate -LRB- switch plate with large rectangular opening -RRB- I do not have enough experience yet to say how longlasting the Aube is , but just in terms of set up and operation , it is far superior to the Intermatic .
 Finicky to set up , but worst of all - unreliable!it stops -LRB- like in not advancing the current time -RRB- and hence the light which is supposedto turn on at night turns on at various times during the day.Reprogramming does n't work , I have another switch -LRB- the one with astronomic feature -RRB- and it is another piece of garbage.I think Intermatic is a chinese manufacturer churning out pieces of **** and masquerading itself as an American company .
 I was told it is NOT designed for CFL bulbs per the comapny technical help and it WILL go bad after a short time . Very poor electronic design as far as I am concern . My email to Intermatic technical help due to my timer -LRB- EJ351C -RRB- stopped working ; from the answer I got , indicated the product electronic design is FLAW . You should NOT buy any product from this company until they know what they are doing . The mechanical design is very good but what good is it if it doe not work for current CFL bulbs ?
 Installed product to replace a one that wore out and it did not work . Purchased another from a brick and motar store and it worked . Design of the product is not the best but it is one of the few to fit in double switch plates .
 Just like several people said , I bought this because my old one broke after 5 years . I got the previous one at Lowe 's , but could not find one in Lowe 's anymore . I was happy to see the same model in Amazon , and bought one . The installation and setting the time were not very difficult . BUT , not even 2 months after it was installed , it broke with no reason . Probably the quality of Intermatic products is no longer as good as before . I will not waste my $ $ again on this kind of device .
 It was not made clear on line that this timer ca n't be used with a fluorescent light . I returned it .
 installed item five -LRB- 5 -RRB- times - failed to function after all attempts - previously used older version from manufacturer - suggest going back to former model
 In most cases had to program two , three or four times before it actually started to work . I purchased 3 and only one is working now . I would n't recommend this product .
 Intermatic EJ351C 120 Volt 24-Hour Programmable Mechanical Security ... This product did not work at all due to a broken connection inside the unit .
 I purchasedd twoo of these units . One failedand quicly overheated , a real hazard . I would aviod this product . Ship time was fine , package was adequate but the product is a danger
 the timer is very poorhas to be constantly reset to turn on and off at the designated timei hate it
 I used this religiously over the summer in Tacoma , WA . Granted I 'm a novice at gardening , I still do n't get the point of this product . I thought it was a waste of my money .
 Difficult to adjust , holes leak whenOn a setting where holes should not beFunctioning , like shower setting , therefore lowering spray pressure .
 I ordered 2 of these . One works fantastic . The other one leaks terribly . I would not recommend this because you do n't know what you are going to get .
 I thought this would be a great nozzle because I really like the soft water stream setting . After just a few months the internal seal began leaking so that water comes out of all the nozzle settings instead of just the one you actually want . This renders the product almost useless . I spent a little more money and got a Ray Padula product .
 This is definately a waste of your money . As in another review this nozzle leaks and restricts pressure and generally is not what it claims to be.No wonder there is only a 30 day guarentee .
 One of the nicest nozzle ever owned until it broke . The nozzle spins around and prevents the hose from kinking - wonderful ! However , it is made of plastic and the connection below the trigger broke . It 's still kinda useable but if you do n't watch out , you will get wet . For the cost , should last much longer . Would recommend but be very gentle with it .
 The switch itself is fine , but it needs a washer to go with it to keep it from turning once it is installed in the hole . I called and they do n't have any such thing . It needs to be a flat washer with two flat spots on the inside circle to work properly . It sholuld also have screw on connections , these are soldered connections .
 To give the pros first . As a 5ft hose it is fine . It 's flexable and the fittings are solid . The finish is bright and sturdy and I believe it would last . It 's better made than many of the 60 '' hoses near the same price.Cons . It does stretch , but not nearly to the extent advertised . I get about 10-12 '' Maximum . That 's wrapping it around my back and giving it the effort it would take to do a push up . I would compare it to trying to stretch a heavy duty bike inner tube . Putting that much pressure to stretch it that far on your shower plumbing would probably damage the shower.If you need a longer than 60 '' hose , buy one that is longer .
 I was disappointed with this hose . I wanted a flexible hose and this one was stiff and even retained the kinks from being in the original packaging . The lifetime guarantee is nice and the fittings seem solid , but I know there are better hoses out there .
 Hose would not hang straight down in the shower , was constantly in the way , seemed to be a cheap grade vinyl hose colored to look like chrome . Returned , had to pay postage since it was a direct from buyer purchase .
 Cordless drills need to meet three criteria to be worth buying . Have adequate torque to drive screws , a battery that holds a charge under modest use and two batteries to facilitate continuous use . The SKIL 2567 has none of these . I bought this drill to replace a 14.4 B&D ; , which performed well -LRB- re
 This is a decent drill , but the charger is junk . My chager lasted for about 10 charges of the battery then died . I have found many others with similar experiences . Unless you plan on upgrading to a better charger , I would stay away .
 This fan is very quiet , but the description is bad , design is fair , and looks are fair . - There is no way to turn off the night light . I assumed it would turn off when it was light in the room , but it does not . You can get a $ 2 night light that turns on/off with a light sensor , so why ca n't they put such a sensor on a $ 150 fan ? I replaced the 4w incandescent night light with an LED since you ca n't turn it off and I do n't want to have to replace the thing every month . - The housing is not designed for installation into an existing hole . The hole needs to be much bigger than the housing due to the duct attachment point and very deep housing . I had to remove the duct and re-install with much difficulty once the housing was in place in the ceiling . The housing is 8 '' deep , making it a tight or even impossible fit in any place except a top floor bath . - The grille is approximately 12x13 at the largest point , and the grille is curved , so it is about 10x11 at the corners . The 14.75 '' x 14.75 '' shown in the manufacturer 's description might be including the box it came in . I do n't know where they got that measurement . - The light bulbs are low energy CFL with a two-prong conductor that I have never seen before . I checked my local big box store and could not find a replacement bulb . I hope the bulbs last a long time . What 's wrong with a normal light bulb fixture ? - The design is ugly , kind of like a bulging belly sticking to your ceiling.I specifically selected this model based on the advertised grille dimensions , hoping to cover up the hole from the old fan . Had I been able to get my hands on the thing in a store , I would never have purchased it . There was no store within 100 miles that had this fan , so I purchased based on the description . Amazon/manufacturer need to accurately describe the items they sell.This is a disappointing purchase , especially at this price , but I decided to go ahead with the install since I have to assume that the other descriptions will be just as inaccurate and our old fan was already pulled . 2 stars only because it is very quiet .
 The product is quiet and does work as advertised . However , although listed as safe for a shower enclosure if you read the instruction booklet , you 'll find that you must have 7 feet of space below the fixture and be at least 3 feet from a water source . This does not include everyone 's shower enclosure and should be indicated . The company did not seem to care when I brought it to its attention and implied that it was my fault for not reading the instruction booklet before buying the product . I believe that being 2.5 feet away from a water source caused one of the 2 bulbs to die within 3 months . These bulbs are supposed to last years . It is working fine on one bulb and I thought that I would just get a spare , but as some other Amazon user indicated you CAN NOT find a replacement bulb . I tried looking on Amazon and those sites that have 1000 's of light bulbs to no avail . For my purposes , this product is a big disappointment and has caused much annoyance . Right now I 'm just hoping my remaining bulb lasts a few years or that the company has some secret source for light bulbs .
 This fan does n't move much air out of the bathroom at all . Also , the lights in it have somehow turned the plastic piece covering the lightbulbs a yellowish brown ... it looks like they 're too close to the plastic and are discoloring it from being hot maybe ? Either way I wish I had bought something else . I have a panasonic fan in my other bathroom and it works MUCH better and is just as quiet .
 I was n't happy with it at all . It looks nothing like the picture they show . It looks totally different .
 This is a quality item unlike the crappy plastic stuff found locally . Service was great and product is great . I meant to give this 5 stars . I do n't seem to be able to change that with the edit feature
 http://www.amazon.com/review/create-review?ie=UTF8&asin;=B000FCES0Q&channel;=YAcc-wr&ref;_=oh_rev_o02_s00_i00#I opened the package and started working on replacing the lever . Turns out , during manufacturing , the screw that I have to take out to remove the gasket and shank nut -LRB- in order to put the lever through the hole in the toilet -RRB- was inside the handle base and could n't be removed . The screw head was larger than the opening so it was stuck in there . I would add a picture if it allowed me to in this review . I 'm returning the item as defective . Maybe not all of these are manufactured like this and this one escaped quality control . The handle is really nice looking , so if I had received a working product , I would have given it a lot more stars .
 The mechanism that pulls up the stopper in the tank does n't have enough range to open the flap completely without holding the handle down . IE - The handle moves only slightly when you push down on it.I tried working with it for over an hour , but the design was too limited to replace my original equipment . Had to return it . I found another brand -LRB- fluidmaster 686 -RRB- that worked for me . The handle was plastic with a metal lever , and it worked - had the range to actually lift the flapper off the drain and flush completely without holding down the handle .
 It drove me crazy trying to find out why the bulb in the package would n't work in my nightlight -LRB- BTW
 You will find the word WHITE in the product discription , however if you look at the picture and see clear bulbs , that is not what you will get . They are frosted white bulbs . The picture is of clear bulbs .
 I bought two locks for my house doors for better security . I tried to install one and it did not line up with the hole in my door so I tried to return them . I found out the locks were not returnable and was shocked . I did not see that posted clearly anywhere on Amazon . Second , I finally got them to accept the returns and Medeco said it would be based on examination . Upon receiving them they said the found a small scratch on one so it was not returnable at all and they very reluctantly took the other one back . There was a big discussion about a 20 % restocking fee which is $ 50 for these locks . They ended up taking one lock back but would not take the one back where they found a small scratch . I am now out of the price of one as I own but can not use it because it wo n't fit my door . All in all it was a very expensive learning experience . I will check shipping and return policies a LOT closer before ever purchasing anything on Amazon again .
 This is not the same as the Armor Etch etching cream sold by others on Amazon . Do n't be fooled . I got this product thinking it was a great deal on bulk etching cream . First off , it does n't etch the glass I have for my project despite leaving the etching cream on for five full minutes . Secondly , it has enough warnings to make this a definite industrial agent -- probably not very good if you have any young ones involved in your project -LRB- I do n't , but you might -RRB- . Thirdly , the fine print you do n't see in the product description is this is basically only for prepping surfaces -LRB- tile , porcelain , glazed block , glass -RRB- for * painting * which is not really quite the same as etching patterns for crafting purposes . I would have given this even less stars except I have no idea if it actually works on the other surfaces listed -LRB- I only attempted it on theAnchor Hocking 1-Gallon Heritage Hill Jar with Glass Lid , with no visible result -RRB- . In any case , looks like I 'll be coughing up more money to get the Armor Etch . Hopefully others will learn from my mistake . Good luck !
 I am a heavy duty mechanic by trade and I bought this for use in some of the smaller jobs at work . Well , it broke in less than a month . The drive tip snaped off while I was tightening down some fuel pump bolts . I really do like the design and it is easy to change from forward to reverse with one hand , but I thought the quality would have been better . I think the wobble head design seriously weakens the drive tip . I guess I should have bought the standard tip model but who knows . It would be great around the garage at home but I would n't call it a professional grade tool .
 I did n't even have the shower head for 24 hours and the neck of it broke.Save your money and get something else .
 This grows mold because all the water does not drain out of it after each shower . Too gross ! Do n't buy - we are replacing ours asap .
 In a word this is junk . The flexible arm is too weak to support the large rainfall head . From day one it wanted to droop down and not stay in place . If I managed to get it in the desired position it only took the slightest touch to make it fall back down - forget about the button for spray selection . It 's very disappointing considering I had an older `` gooseneck '' shower head from Waterpik that worked without any issues , but it seems they decided to go with a cheap design that renders this product essentially unusable .
 I am in disbelief this thing ever got marketed . The first time I attached the flexible hose it would not hold up the weight of the shower head . I tried tightening it , twisting it , you name it no good . It hangs down at a 30 -60 degree angle at best . I thought perhaps with water flowing through it things might improve . Nope . Just got worse . The engineering team on this one should be fired . This product should get the bonehead design of the year award . How the heck something like this ever got produced really blows my mind . Waterpik - it 's coming back to you .
 Of course it works great - for as long as it works . After some time , my unit develped a leak . Unlike better showerheads , the part connecting the head to the hose is assembled in two pieces that separate after time , causing the seals to not set properly , resulting in the kind of leak mine developed . Unless you want to replace your showerhead every couple of years , I 'd stay away fom this model . And good luck navigating Watrepik 's website to get any help .
 The TV commercial has someone walking down a hallway of apartment doors where everyone is simultaneously taking a shower with Cascadia . They are all screaming in apparent pleasure and the walker is wondering what is going on . Maybe they were screaming because the water pressure dropped or the hot water ran out , because they are not getting any unusual experience , much less any pleasure , from this shower.No matter what , you are restricted by the law that says your water flow has to be 2.5 gallons -LRB- a minute ?? -RRB- and a million holes in a shower head is n't going to make that like standing under a waterfall.In fact , a bigger area from which the same amount of water is to fall means less water from each hole , hence a lighter shower over a wider area . That 's okay , but not what you wanted when you bought the concept for this showerhead . My husband thinks the bigger area decreases the temperature of the shower so he uses the straight stream and that 's not worth the price of this fixture .
 *** UPDATE *** 10/20I contacted Waterpik customer service regarding my faulty Cascadia shower head , and they shipped me off a replacement -- for free ! No questions asked . The new one is improved from my old one . The switch works much better and there are definitely no leaks . The showerhead works really well . What I like best about it is the dual mode settings . Most showerheads that have more than one setting try to pack in a whole bunch of different modes . Most of them are difficult to tell apart , and all of those massaging ones need really good water pressure to do much of anything . Quite frankly , I 've only experienced one massaging showerhead that I really liked -- unfortunately a very expensive model and very wasteful with water.The rain mode on this head is very good . It 's not the largest , but I 'd say better than average . I tested the flow and found it does deliver about 2.5 GPM -LRB- gallons per minute -RRB- . The center jet is nicely powerful without feeling like needles pounding on your skin , delivering 3.5 GPM . It 's great for rinsing your hair.So , my 2 star review is a bit premature . I wish I could change it to 4 stars , as the replacement unit is great and Waterpik customer service exemplary . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - I 've owned my Cascadia for 5 years , having put it in storage for about 2 of them . So , 3 years of solid use . At first , I really liked it . If you have sufficient water pressure , you get a nice wide spray of water in rain mode . The center switch can change the mode from rain to center . The center jet is stronger and focused , good for getting your hair rinsed from conditioners.HOWEVER , this product does NOT last . Like others have cited , the center switch is poorly made . There are 3 black rubber O-rings laid out on the plastic dowel , with some thin plastic shielding in between . That plastic shielding gets weak over time and ends up twisting , contorting , and eventually tearing . The result is that it lets water leak through the switch and exposes the O-rings to stress that eventually tears them , making the leak even worse.By default , the head does have trouble staying up because of the flexible arm . This can be partially solved by tightening down the screw mechanism . It takes a while , but you can eventually make the arm stiff enough that it wo n't drop completely down on you . Unfortunately , it does leave only a few positions where the head will stay put.The water action on this head is great . I would have given this product only 1 star if it were n't for that . This item sure looks good , and performs well when it is functional , but for the price it is NOT worth it . The only metal on this thing are four Philips head screws -- everything else is plastic and rubber . The finish is fine , but the fit is sub par . Mine has gaps along the edges where the head stem pieces are . For this kind of quality , I 'd expect the head to cost $ 15 . WHY ca n't Waterpik get its act together and make a decent product at a reasonable price ? I 'm on a quest for a REALLY good dual or triple mode shower head that is well designed and acceptably priced . If you know of one , please post in the comments . I 'm going to try contacting Waterpik for a replacement switch in the meanwhile ...
 Like many other reviewers , I 'm having the same issue with this ; the arm ca n't support the shower head . It was great for a few months but after adjusting and readjusting the shower head a few times , the shower head wo n't stay put .
 The Cascadia is hard to get it to stay where you want it . The button that changes the spray pattern broke after about 3 months and is not repairable . Poor plastic construction . I wo n't buy another one .
 We are now on our third showerhead in the past 6 months . Waterpik has been great about replacing the units , but , finally , enough is enough . We did not have a problem with sagging , but did have issues with the switch for spray/shower breaking -LRB- all three did -RRB- , which then created a leaking problem . As we speak , only the center spray position works . The breakage occurs after about 4-6 weeks of use . We have 5 people taking showers every day , which may be the problem with the showerhead.Overall , an under-engineered product for moderate to heavy residential use .
 I returned this showerhead the day after I purchased it . The flexible arm is pathetic . I had to fiddle with the thing for 10 minutes just to get it to hold the showerhead up . Then as soon as you tap the showerhead , it falls back down . Ridiculous . Water-Pik should be ashamed of themselves .
 This product was a HUGE disappointment . If you have water pressure limitations , DO N'T buy this showerhead . I 'm replacing mine now .
 The flow of water is good . But the & quot ; handle & quot ; can not be pulled with even a mild force . We 've broken 2 of these and wo n't buy a 3rd .
 I received this as a gift for Christmas and was very anxious to install it and try it out . While the spray itself felt great and I liked that fact that it can be switched from a wide , gentle spray to a concentrated spray , it was overall very disappointing . The arm is not strong enough to hold the head up well - even without the water running . Water also leaks out of the switch that is used to change the spray . We plan on returning this one and purchasing something else .
 We bought and returned one of these.The positioning arm will not stay put . Shame too cos the water it puts out is VERY nice and the rinse more intense setting is great for washing long hair.Even though we do n't adjust for height in our house , I hit the darn thing a few times with the towel -LRB- throwing towel over glass door -RRB- and it takes like 10 mins to get it to stay up again.Had to return it that is a no go.I was surprised that even though it was positioned higher than the shower door , becasue the spray is downward ... water did not go outside the shower .
 For a company with a good reputation , I 'm very disappointed in Waterpik . The large showerhead is quite heavy and the gooseneck can barely support its weight , so unless you can mount it fairly high up on the wall , the showerhead wo n't stay at a proper horizontal angle . Or it will stay up for a while , then slowly sag . It has recently developed an annoying whistle ; those holes are tiny , so they are probably clogged , but how does one clean this unit since it does n't come apart ? Stay away from this one , and buy something else .
 I wanted a large diameter showerhead with some power option and purchased this . This shower head is supposed to have a power shower option but I found out that it just narrows the range of shower to the smaller circle -LRB- doe snot come out from the full range -RRB- and stil weak . You 'll just never get warm or soap off yourself by using this shower head . If you are looking for a soft pour , you might like this .
 This item is so heavy that the flexible arm will not keep head in position to spray anywhere but wall of shower . I returned item for credit .
 WaterPik Cascadia Showerhead is not worth the price . Asother users have stated it will start to sag . It also does not deliver the water pressure one wants from a routine shower . I also found the head clogged easily . Not even going to mess with the warranty , but it was replaced as of tonight .
 I have purchased three of these and all three failed about the same time . It works great at first , and the toggle switch is easy to use . I really enjoyed the experience of having the water fall down on me like rain , and the adjustable arm is maneuverable enough to raise the shower head fairly high . Unfortunately the housing is cheap plastic and breaks easily . I did n't even move the showerhead after the first couple weeks and left it in the same position all the time , but on all three showerheads , the plastic housing broke at the point where the white meets the adjustable arm , and leaked . On two of the models , the adjustable arm failed and would fall down and no longer hold up . There are better and stronger showerheads out there .
 I recieved this as a Christmas gift although I was perfectly happy with my 15 year old Speakman Anystream . I installed it anyway . The water pressure was low when I had the nozzle on full blast . Plus , water splashed real bad against the walls and floor outside the tub . When somebody turns on the water the pressure gets even lower ! My husband tried it and did n't like it either . I put the Speakman back on the next day . - Big Jackie
 Very disappointing . The shower head itself is massive - the size of a small dinner plate . It is attached to a long hose which is so flexible it ca n't support the weight of the head when the shower is in use . Predictably , when you turn on the shower , the head drops groundward , spewing water in a horizontal spray . Installs easily , but save your money .
 I bought this for my nephew . He loved it functionally . On a visit just 9 months later I was visiting and had a chance to use it . He had to rig a support for the gooseneck to keep it focused on him . This had broken just a few months into his ownership . I bought him the S-style from Amazon.com at a greater price and it 's worth every penny . He loves it and it has a much greater span of spray plus range of motion on the head movement .
 But if you 're a normal-sized person , this is nothing like the `` Sunflower '' -LRB- can-type -RRB- drenching spa showers . My home has great water pressure and terrific water flow , and using this showerhead is like standing under a VERY gentle summer rain -LRB- definitely non-drenching -RRB- -- it does n't even deliver the same water flow as my normal showerhead . Go for a slightly more expensive option , like the Pegasus 8 '' sunflower . I gave it a fair try -LRB- it 's been in for months now -RRB- , but this showerhead is not worth even its modest price ; although my husband is kicking up a fuss about his installation labor , I am taking mine out and installing a different showerhead .
 I was not happy with this at all . It would not fit my shower . I moved to a new home and it would not work there either . It was a total waste of money , but by the time I figured this out , it was too late to return .
 This shower head just worked for about 5 days and then it broke . . I do n't recommend this if you like excellent quality !!
 For the first few months this showerhead was great . I liked the toggle option to switch between the raining mode and the stronger center spray . Unfortunately the toggle and the showerhead housing are flimsy . I pressed the toggle button in too far and it cracked the entire housing , which caused water to spray out of both the showerhead and the showerhead base . I switched to a Delta stainless steel raining showerhead and I like it far more .
 It looks really cool , BUT end up being very disappointing . The head is too heavy and sags during the shower from I would guess the weight of the water . During my shower , it eventually sags until it touches the top of my head . I push it back up and 5 minutes later , it hits my head again . Very frustrating . I removed it after 2 weeks of this game .
 I have been using this showerhead for about a year now . At first I quite liked it . However , lately it does not switch properly between modes . Sometimes it is half and half , sometimes it dribbles out the middle . This is disappointing and means I have to replace it . I believe a showerhead should last more than a year and will no longer buy any waterpik products .
 Awful , like the others said , IT SAGS ! It wo n't stay where you put it , after a while the different settings stop working , Waterpik has a great return policy but after a while you get tired of dealing with it .
 This product looks good but we found it to be a general dissappointment . Despite installation that included teflon tape , we could never get it to stop leaking . Also , we could never get the shower head into a comfortable position and get it to stay put . The biggest problem had to do with hard water . Although we do n't have exceptionally hard water , we had to have it replaced twice in two years . The switch stopped working and we had water continually coming out of both settings . On a good note , Waterpik was very accomodating about the product warranty . I think we 'll go back to something simpler and less expensive .
 The flex neck on this product is so weak & poorly designed it wo n't hold up the showerhead . This means in order to take a shower you have to stand under it , hold the head up with one hand & wash with the other . Otherwise it will fall down & hit you on the head ! This could probably be remedied by installing it as handheld , but that requires an adaptor shown in the product instructions . Problem is Amazon does n't carry them , I ca n't find one at any retailers carrying Waterpic & it 's not even shown on the shower accessory page of Waterpics 's own website ! This piece of junk is going back tomorrow & I 'll get a rain showerhead worth owning !
 I had one for about 7 years , yes it worked great , until one day it broke and would not stay up . I ordered one just like it , when it came I put it on and used the shower one time and it did not want to stay up very good . Then my wife was taking a shower and all of all sudden it broke and would not stay up at all . We did not get two showers out of it . Will NOT order a nother one . 30 some dollars down the drain .
 It does function , but I ca n't say anything else pleasant about this shower head . It is ugly , it is very hard to adjust the height -LRB- stiff arm , limited ROM -RRB- and it has a small circumference of water that rains down with low pressure . You can find something way better for the money . Keep looking . I made my boyfriend take it back .
 This showerhead is great in the beginning . The rain aspect of it is really nice . I like a more gentle spray , but with enough water to actually rinse off . This feels like water is being poured on you rather than being blasted at you . It 's soothing and relaxing.However , I would not say this is a good quality showerhead . The arm that holds the head up is flimsy and constantly sinks down under the weight of the showerhead . My husband is 6 ' 4 and I am 5 ' 9 and we constantly have to push it back up and into place . We are actually on our second one because the first broke after only 6 or 7 months of use . The arm broke from readjusting it daily due to the sinking issue . I am not sure why , but my husband thought he should buy another one after that performance -LRB- I would not have -RRB- . The second one does n't seem to sink as much , but it still does it . I am not sure how long it will last . I do n't plan to buy a 3rd -LRB- and this time my husband knows that -RRB- .
 This tape is `` matte finish '' NOT CLEAR . It looks white . Slightly transparent but most definitely not invisible . So it 'll do for crafts , but looks cheap for gift wrapping , etc. .
 this tape is not clear it 's kinda frosty . do n't see how they advertise it as invisible . would not buy again .
 The packaging says invisible tape , but it sure is not invisible it has a mat finish but not clear . I have had clear tape in the past that you could hardly see that it was not a book or something . And another complaint that I have is that it does not stick very well for holding torn books . We bought it at Walmart 3 +1 Bonus and it was cheep , you get what you pay for . I would not recommend this tape to any one or buy it again . I know that regular duck tape is very sticky but they need to improve the design of this tape . For I while i gave it to my 4 year old daughter so she could use it for her play package raping . But then we got down to one roll so I though I better put it up for now until we get more .
 This tape was called `` invisible , '' but it is not . I purchased for a photo project that needed completely invisible tape . I had to go to the store and purchase other tape instead .
 Never will we be fooled again ! We do a lot of mailings in our business and tried the henkel due to its price . Not invisible but actually that was n't the issue ... it is CHEAP ! It does n't tear off the roll easily and it is not nearly as sticky as Scotch . In the future we 'll get the Scotch and pay a little more to get a better tape .
 I purchased this tape thinking because it was Duck brand that it would be awesome . I was so very wrong . Now I have 3 rolls of tape that does anything but stick . If you are looking for a product that does n't work , make sure you purchase this product !
 Length :
 This product is made of cheap white plastic that breaks easily . The piece that attaches the handle to the hose and the holder bracket both cracked within a year and the item was not usable . Granted , $ 20 may not be a lot of money , but I do n't like a hassle of shopping for replacement after only one year . Junk .
 This product is made of cheap white plastic that breaks easily . The piece that attaches the handle to the hose and the holder bracket both cracked within a year and the item was not usable . Granted , $ 20 may not be a lot of money , but I do n't like a hassle of shopping for replacement after only one year . Junk .
 My husband and I were constantly rescrewing this showerhead back onto the base pipe . Every time we 'd move the showerhead to position it where we wanted it , it would unscrew from the pipe and spray water all over . Although the swivel collar seems like a good idea , I think it contributes to this problem . We finally gave up and put our old non-handheld showerhead back on .
 Saying I hate it is not true . I did not try it because it has the water saver device in it . I need all the power I can get because my town has no water pressure . I can not get a satisfactory massage . My first one -LRB- and only one for over 20 years -RRB- is still in use but has been glued so many times it is not even funny . Keeps on massaging , though!Paperlady
 I do not recommend this showerhead because the water pressure from the shower head is too low , even after the removing the flow restrictor . You can find directions on the internet for removing the restrictor . I purchased a Niagara Conservation showerhead instead and am much happier with the Niagara Conservation model .
 This was made very cheaply and did not compare to their original product . it looks the same but does not perform in any ways like the old Waterpik that was formerly made.They need to spend more time on this product to make sure that it does what it is supposed to do . As it is I took it down and used a regular shower sprayer head and got rid of this cheap version . I will never buy one of these again .
 After several years of enjoying great showers using the `` Original Shower Massage '' by waterpik , ours finally gave out -LRB- plastic eventually cracked in strategic points - darn -RRB- . Taking for granted that this product would still be available , I went out to buy a replacement for this simple but very good shower massage unit . Boy , was I disappointed ! The new version of the SM-451 , although it looks almost identical to the original model and has the same model number , is awful ! The pulsating massage on the new unit has nowhere close to the power of the original - even after removing the the flow regulator . Also , the shower spray is too narrow now . The only thing they really did improve was the hose.After returning this piece of crap to the store , I proceeded to try out several other models in hopes that I might find one - even much more expensive model - that would be as good as or better than our old -LRB- but dead -RRB- unit . Tried at least seven additional WaterPik models . Some looked much better than our plain old white unit , and most had many more settings -LRB- our old unit only had four - really , three and one-half -RRB- . But we were very dismayed to discover that none of them provided a good pulsating massage or strong-steady spray like the original . By a stroke of sheer luck , I found a person selling a brand-new `` old '' unit online . I bought it , put it in , and thankfully we have a great shower again . Too bad WaterPik had to go and `` improve '' on what was already great . They really ruined a good thing . Shame on you , WaterPik !
 I just stepped out the shower using this showerhead . If I must have this showerhead at home , then I would like to live else where . So I am returning this.The water flow is weak or feeble . It feels like a 1.5 Gallon / minute at most , and I have even removed the rubber rings inside that are supposed to limit water flow.I had an Interbath showerhead before , and that felt like almost double as strong as this Waterpik I tried today . I already try to maximize the water flow by various settings , including letting the `` pulse '' and `` spray '' on both at the same time . But none of the mode matches the max water flow I got from before.One more thing about the plastic tube
 This shower has no control for water flow -LRB- pressure -RRB- . You can set the patterns for the spray , but you can not reduce the pressure . The hose is rather stiff and inflexible . It is not very good for a tub/shower with a curtain , but might be better in an enclosed shower . I think I will just re-install the one I removed .
 i 've only had this a few weeks and it 's already malfunctioningwater is leaking from the side of the head . . the spray is now all over the placeit 's obvious this is a very cheaply made item .
 This product worked well when initially installed but cracked where it connects to the pipe after 6 months of use .
 This product cracked where it attaches to the pipe within a week of using it . I should have bought a metal one .
 I 've had this exact model in my main bathroom for over 3 years with no problems , grief , or any complaints , so when the master baths shower developed a split in the middle and began spraying everywhere I was delighted to see that Amazon carried this . Based on 3 years of use I think I can say this is a great little hand-held shower for $ 16 . It has only 4 settings , but they are more than enough for most people anyway . Never used those other settings on previous models I 've owned.Another nice little `` feature '' of this shower is in the fine print . Our wonderful government mandates that all hand-held showers have a flow regulator built into them . Look carefully at the front page and you will see where it is at , and how to remove it and place it in that special drawer or box you keep all those pillow tags that say do not remove under penalty of federal law . I doubt all models are this easy to fix for those in low pressure areas , or like me where the pressure is high but already stepped down in the main supply.Something else to consider when buying these things , If it made of a Nickel or Chrome finish , Do n't Buy It , it made of a hard brittle plastic that will crack , or worse crack your Fiberglass tub . You want a soft lightweight white plastic like this one . These wo n't crack if your fumble fingered.Finally , for the idiots who have bought this and complained about leaks or splits from the plastic fittings , Get some thread compound from the hardware store and learn how to use it ! You do n't have to crank with a pair of pliers to tighten these things , and I guarantee you if you look in a plumber 's toolbox you will see he uses that stuff too.It been 4 months since I bought the 2nd unit , and I have to take back most of everything i 've said . The first unit is still working fine , but the 2nd I bought in April has self destructed internally and is throwing water from everywhere . Makes for a very weak shower .
 Very disappointed . !! The water does not come out with enough pressure . I had another brand previously , needed to replace it and have always thought Waterpik had good products but this one sure does ` nt work well at all .
 5th time I used it , the hose split . I recommend that you buy another brand . I wo n't buy WaterPik again .
 Like other reviews . . I will say the same . No power , I even took out the water saver device . Also , it says it has 4 settings . . only 3 of my settings work and when you are using it by hand the settings change with any accidental touch . Very lightweight .
 The Chart in the info section describes this item as having 5 MODES -- including a `` water Pause '' mode . THis is not true . THere is no pause mode . Buyer beware . If you want that pause mode -LRB- as I did -RRB- look elsewhere . Plus the showerhead , when attached to the bracket , has a tendency to shift . THe kink in the chord moves it out of place and you wind up with either the spray going against the wall , or the shower curtain . Cheap yes , but if you enjoy your shower buy a better head .
 The packaging for this tape does not indicate that it is acid free , so I asked its distributor ShurTech -LRB- identifying the tape by UPC -RRB- ... I was told that this tape is not acid free.Amazon promptly refunded my purchase price when I informed them of this discrepancy a week ago . I will try to update the item 's description .
 I did not realized that it actually quite big . I bought it for my closet , but it showed up too big , so I could not use it . It 's for doors .
 Many very useful taps and dies are not included and many useless are in two -LRB- bottoming and taper -RRB- . The price is 35 % lower than that if you buy every piece separately . Take into account that you do n't need half of this set , and you realize that you you wasted money .
 The set looks a lot better in pictures than it does in real life . I also had the misfortune to spend a little more on it than what it costs now.I bought both the metric and standard sets . The casting is aweful . Some of the wrenches have pits and gashes , while others are outright misshapen . The case is flimsy and ill-fitted . I recommend that you either spend more money on a better set , or buy a cheaper set , because it 's practically impossible to make a worse quality tool than this .
 The facing on this tile seperates from the backing . I have used four boxes and had seperation on ten tiles .
 First impressions of the tile were very good . It looks just as I expected it too . However , during the installation of this tile I discovered an annoying flaw , that caused a lot a extra work to make it look right . The tiles were not all uniform in pattern , so in order to make the corners of the black and white squares printed on the tiles to match up with those on the ajacent tiles , it was necessary to trim nearly every other tile . That is not the way it should be.Steve Ashkinazy
 Ordered a box of peel and stick vinyl tile to use to get an idea of whether or not I would like the product before ordering enough to cover the entire floor . Thank goodness I only ordered one box . 10 of the 20 pieces were stained . Not stains on top of the tiles that could be wiped off ; permanent stains that could have only happened during the manufacturing process . I called Dynamix -LRB- when they answer the phone , they do n't even say the name of the company ; thought I must have had the wrong number at first -RRB- , they told me to email pictures to customer service -LRB- which I did -RRB- and they would review and let me know how they were going to handle . I sent the pictures on November 15th . I heard nothing back . I called again on December 1st and left a message since no one answered the phone . It 's now December 7th . I called again today , again ... no one answers . This is not a quality company . Their product is sub-par , and the customer service is worse . Avoid this company at all costs .
 I 've installed two of these in the last few days . Both had the same problem
 This thermostat has two flaws that are not revealed until you open the packaging and finish installation . First , the thermostat will simply not operate with a `` low battery '' warning . This will leave one without heat in the winter if the batteries fail at the wrong moment . Second , the unit will not allow temperature settings below 45 degrees Fahrenheit . This increases energy costs in the case where a 40 degree setting -LRB- for example -RRB- is desired to simply prevent freezing . With the combination of these two flaws , it would be risky to leave a home unattended for any period of time in cold weather.It would be helpful if Hunter listed real specifications instead of marketing happy-talk such as `` digital accuracy '' , `` Up to 15 % Savings On Energy Costs '' , etc. . I suspect the other Hunter digital thermostats have the same flaws but there 's no way to know until a unit is installed as neither Hunter -LRB- on its web site -RRB- nor Amazon provide this kind of information .
 The set looks a lot better in pictures than it does in real life . I also had the misfortune to spend a little more on it than what it costs now.I bought both the metric and standard sets . The casting is aweful . Some of the wrenches have pits and gashes , while others are outright misshapen . The case is flimsy and ill-fitted . I recommend that you either spend more money on a better set , or buy a cheaper set , because it 's practically impossible to make a worse quality tool than this .
 Looks like rattle can spray paint ` cocoa brown ' . If I 'd known it was going to look like that I would got my own can of Krylon . The color would have at least looked a little closer to todays beautiful bronze kitchen faucets .
 I replaced a Kohler French Curve seat with this one . The Toto seat is made much more cheaply . It squeaks constantly when sitting on it .
 We bought this to go with our new Toto toilet . This seat is very poor quality and obvious when you open the package . It is loosely assembled and has the quality of a cheap `` made in China '' plastic toy .
 Was surprised to find these wrenches are so thick and heavy . Certainly not something a serious mechanic would want to use regularly . I 'd rate the overall quality and feel as dubious at best . For occasional use , I 'd say they are OK . For twice the price though , you can find much higher quality/professional alternatives . I 'm returning mine and going for the better ones .
 this unit last about a year . so buy several as spares , save you on those COOOOOOLLLLLLDDDDD nights without heat because the pilot went out .
 We received a completely different sort of screwdriver made with very cheap , hollow plastic handles . I 'm not sure where the problem lies but evidently these folks have changed what they 're selling without updating the listing . Bad .
 When the package containing the Skil 9350 reciprocating saw was opened I found two small pieces of plastic in the bottom . I could n't determine where on the saw they belonged . Next , when I attempted to insert the saw blade into the saw I found it would n't allow the blade to be inserted . It was advertised that the saw came with two blades but only one was included . The saw was returned for a refund .
 I 've lost track of the number of pieces on this faucet set that have broken down . My husband has had to make so many repairs ... The last straw is that the sprayer now has developed a crack down the front , so whenever the water is turned on to the faucet , the sprayer starts spewing water out the crack . We have had it for less than two years and it started giving us quality issues within the first six months . No more -- we 're going to replace it with something from a different company .
 the blade guide assembly was defective , the saw did not work -- I had to purchase a new blade guide assembly from bosch for 9.00 . If this does not work then the saw is worthless Thanks bscdray1@verizon.net
 I received the pump and was hoping to do a quick install . I am using it as an in-line pump -LRB- not submerged -RRB- and so it requires that a fitting connect from a tube to the intake port . The connector was a plastic piece and just tightening that into the pump cracked it ! Fortunately Amazon is sending me another and I hope the next pump will work .
 Here is a discription of what I boughgt : Danner 02720 Pond Mag 9.5 950-Gallon-Per-Hour Pump with Foam PrefilterInstead of giving me a FOAM PREFILTER they gave me a cheap plastic cage in the shape of a cone to protect ther filter . Any small debris could pass throught the openings in this cheap plastic cage . I called Amazon and told them how I was cheated they did make it right and are overnighting me the proper foam filter that was advertized with the pump . On one hand I was so mad on the other hand I was happy that Amazon made it right with me . It almost seems that Amazon is slipping a bit in customer satisfaction from 2 years ago . Even the picture of the pump on the product page is misleading . The picture shows a smaller model than what you actually recieve . I am seriously concidering not shopping with amazon because of their mistakes . PS
 I bought one of these that broke after one season and was returned under warranty . The replacement pump also broke at the start of the second season so I bought the replacement impeller kit which was the item that broke . That lasted only 4 months . I have a 1000 gallon pond in the northeast and run this for 8 hours each day for 7 months before it 's removed and stored in the basement.Each time , the problem is with the ceramic bearing in the base . After several months , it loosens and begins to rotate along with the impeller . This gouges out the bearing seat and causes the impeller to rub against the sides of the base and finally breaks the ceramic shaft of the impellor . The base bearing can not be removed so the pump is now useless.Although it has only one moving part , that part is a huge problem . Two pumps , same problem three times.Cheers ...
 Horrible product . Spring did not work on arrival . Even if it did work , there is no way this product would last long . There is just one `` spring '' -LRB- a bent metal rod -RRB- in the middle of the door sweep that flips the door sweep up . This mechanism is cheap and does not work well .
 actual color not shinny at all ... it was dull black and had to return it . they should say in their descrip that it is not glossy paint
 The quality was not what I expected for the price , I believe there are better products to be found . They did not include the screws for placement either so if ordering be prepared when it comes time to put it up .
 This light looks better on the webpage then it does in my mother in law 's house .
 I am sorry I got this , it 's cheap . Mostly plastic and it looks that way . I plan on remodeling my children 's bathroom so it will due until then , but again cheap . I would not recommend this product .
 One of the Product Features listed is `` Easy Installation . '' I do n't think a product that requires a power drill for installation should be described as an `` Easy Installation . `` I have a power drill and could have installed the slide bar IF I had the correct type of shower wall . The illustrations on the box -LRB- no separate sheet of instructions was found -RRB- indicate the owner should drill a hole through the tile on their shower wall and try to drill into a stud . This is `` easy '' ? Anyway , I have a fiberglass shower . I did not think the slide bar was designed to be mounted on this type of shower surface . If this detail had been made clear in the Product Description , I would not have ordered this item . Instead , I am now spending my time returning the item.MANY years ago I purchased a slide bar for my shower that stuck to the fiberglass surface . It is still stuck on the shower wall . That is what I was expecting with this product . Again , the need to power drill screws into the shower wall is a significant piece of information that was omitted from the description .
 The dust collection fittings from Peachtree woodworking -LRB- PTW -RRB- are made really bad . I bought 3 different ones to connect my various shop tools to my vacuum . They do not fit any vacuum hose or other fittings I have . I have tried other couplers and fittings and nothing will go over or inside PTW 's fittings . Most fittings are sized so a couple will fit over them , NOT PTW 's . I got real sick right after I bought the fittings and could not go into my shop for 3 months . The shipping bag with these fittings sat on my bench the whole time unopened . I called Peachtree and they blew me off saying no-one else complained and to much time had passed , bad move , hence the 1 rating . All 3 fittings were only $ 11 or $ 12 , so the loss is not terrible but the service from Peachtree is!Peachtree has the worst customer service I have experienced on Amazon ! This another reason to only BUY AMERICAN !
 Swivel socket literally fell apart the first time I used it . I put it on my impact gun , hit the trigger and pieces were flying everywhere . Very dangerous . I do not recommend .
 The extensions are fine . The swivel is no good . There is nothing holding the pin in , so it will explode when you use it . I tried staking it in , did n't work . I tack welded it , but that seemed to soften the pin , so it bound up next time I used it .
 We ordered MERV 11 filters -LRB- as your records indicate -RRB- and recieved MERV 8 filters which do not filter as effectively and thus are a poorer quality . Rather than go through the hassle of returning these for the correct filters , we are keeping them . We are disappointed and will questioning ordering them again.Jaime Storkman
 I gave BUY IT NOW store 2 attempts to provide the advertised filters . I received flters of inferior quality and improper dimensions . I sent both back and received a refund . Do not bother to buy these filters , they are junk . It appears this is a common omplaint from purchasers of this product . I would not even give this product a 1 star rating , but it will not allow the reviewer to rate it less . Save the frustration and pass this offer by !
 Title says it all . Take some advice , do n't skimp on an improper filter . You paid a lot of money for the Honeywell filter unit , use the proper filter .
 Odd fitting sizes and hard plastic wo n't fit into openings and stay . But Peachtree has some other really great products and excellent customer service . I returned this with no problem .
 I bought this item over a week ago . I needed it for stripping fine wires used in electric guitars . The description in the technical details of Amazon 's ad says `` 6 Stripping stations for 10-24 AWG '' . That appealed to me , because 24 AWG wires are very thin , and I 'd be covered for any wires I might need to strip . I know I 'll need to strip 22 AWG wires -LRB- bigger numbers are thinner wires -RRB- . The tool arrived , I removed it from the package , and saw right away that it only goes down to 20 AWG . I looked at the product packaging . It reads `` 10-20 AWG '' . So , I went back to the Amazon ad to confirm that what I thought I 'd read in the ad was what I 'd actually read . It was . I then zoomed in on the photo in the Amazon ad , and you can see in the photo -LRB- after zooming in -RRB- that it only goes down to 20 AWG . I was completely dissatisfied the whole situation . I followed the process to return the tool , and Amazon told me it 's on the house - just keep it . Fine . I ordered a different tool that goes down to 22 AWG . Today , I decided to check to see if Amazon had corrected their ad . After all , it 's been over a week . The ad is NOT corrected . It still says `` 6 Stripping stations for 10-24 AWG '' . Very unhappy , I decided to leave this review to inform people about the error in the ad . So , I scrolled down to the reviews section , and what is the first review I see ? A review from >> >> > 2007 < < < < < that describes how the technical details are incorrect because the tool actually only goes down to 20 AWG !!! WT Expletive !!!! Amazon has allowed this ad to be incorrect for 4 years ???!!!! That 's utterly ridiculous . I 've always thought the great thing about Amazon is the ability to research so many products side by side from the comfort of my recliner . This whole advantage collapses , though , if the information I 'm reading is incorrect . I understand that with so many products , there are bound to be errors , but it should n't take over 4 years to change a `` 4 '' to a `` 0 '' .
 few gripes ... the spring falls out constantly , i just got rid of it after a while . The handle grips slide off if your cutting something bigger than a # 14 wire . other than those two items its not a bad tool for the price . i paid 6.99 about a year ago . the crimping mechanism is okay if your just trying to put stakons on the end of wire or are trying to barrel crimp two grounds together . any more than that and the grips start to come off . all in all a two star product .
 It stripped quite a bit of the copper off on 12 gauge speaker wire . I suspected first that the speaker wire was thicker than advertised . But it also stripped copper off 16 gauge wire by different manufacturer . I had to cut half way and then tried to pull the plastic off in order to avoid losing too much copper . My hand was sore afterwards .
 I have 8 of these in my kitchen due to a California mandate on my kitchen remodel , which was done in 2007 . I have replaced all of them at least twice , and some as many as 3 times.I have bought the GE F26TBX every time , because that 's the only thing out there.It is therefore safe to conclude that the life of these bulbs is VERY POOR -LRB- < 2 years average -RRB- . Given their high cost vs. incandescent , they are a RIPOFF ! If only the state law had n't mandated fixtures that force me to use this bulb . I could be really saving energy if the government had n't done any mandate at all , because I 'd already be using much longer life and more energy efficient LED replacement floods ! Another case of a government policy that 's expensive , became outdated too quickly , and locks me into an inferior solution -LRB- unless I spend a small fortune on new fixturing -RRB- .
 Since my kitchen is hard wired for these lamps , I wish I could write a good review , but sadly , I 've had poor luck with them . In the 5 years I 've lived in my house , I 've replaced all of these lamps at least 3 times , with an average life of between 1 and 2 years . Sadly , we have some incandescents that are still running after 5 years of similar use , which by comparison , reflects poorly on these fluorescents . If I had an easy retrofit -LRB- LED would be ideal -RRB- I would drop these fluorescents in a heartbeat . Does n't help that these contain mercury vapor and require special disposal when they wear out .
 First , the item that was delivered was a cheap `` knock-off '' of the specific model number shown in my order . The order shows that it should have been an Advanced Tool Design ATD-7452 , but what was received was a generic 12-ton `` Made in China '' press . Second , the item I ordered was supposed to be a benchtop press only 31.5 '' tall according to the ATD website . Instead , I got a floor model that is about 52 '' tall . Finally , the product that was delivered could not even be assembled properly because some of the holes were not drilled properly . I am extremely disappointed with this purchase .
 Not happy with it at all ... it kept snagging ... did not cut clean ... felt like it was not sharp at all ... very dissapointed ... could not finish my project with it . .
 These lighs are not as good as they claim , the glass is very very fragile . And when plugging them in or when removing them they will break at the joint . And they only last about a year in my case .
 This item is a hoax ! It is completely made out of plastic , not so called ` chrome ' , and it leaks ! The install is simple , but the plastic material leaves much to be desired ... the 84 '' hose leaks from the top , so half of your shower water is gone before it hits the shower head . Wasted investment . DO NOT GET the `` deluxe hand held shower massage/3 spray chrome '' unless you 're going for the tacky look .
 Do not bother buying this piece of junk . It appears to be poorly made of pot metal and plastic and is so cheaply constructed that it can not be properly put together . It is just awful . If I could have rated it minus 5 stars I would have done so .
 I was so excited to recieve this then was very disappointedIi remembered the one my Grandma had and this is a very poor replica Very cheaply made !!
 The seat is too small and the steps wo n't stay in place . Stay away from this purchase . You will be wasting your money .
 This chair looks so good on the site ; however , when I attempted to put it together , the base underneath the seat is plastic and the screws did n't get it secure enough to even attempt to sit on . It 's this flimsy plastic to be adhered to metal . It just does n't work.It 's easy to see why it 's so cheap . Please do n't waste your money . I sent it back the next day I received it
 I purchased this step stool and regret wasting my money . This is cheaply made and takes a long time to assemble . The step chair moves out of place when you move the chair - I hesitate to put my full weight on the chair . I would not buy this again or recommend this to a friend . I suggest spending more money on a chair that is better made !
 Not a very good product ... Kinda cheap , hard to put togeather , and does not work well ... I was thinking that was pretty cheap to be too good . I was right , but I will live withit ... I am too cheap to go out and put out enough to get a good one ...
 I was happy to have found this stool . However , it is only a cheap replica of the original ones . It is smaller , the step does not fold out and stay out . Save your money , or go to an antique shop and buy a real retro stool , not a replica
 Pool quality . Provide a better product and charge more for it already assembled.Probably my worst Amazon purchase experience ever . It will go in the refuse binat week 's end
 This chair was delivered in good condition and on time . The assembly directions were very difficult to follow . I consider myself very good at assembling most anything . The bracket for stabilizing the chair was drilled incorrectly and would only fit by screwing it at a strange angle.Love the chair but was a nightmare to put together .
 This stool is really cute . It went together fairly easily but the step part sticks and is hard to get open . The seat has a small tear on the side of the vinyl . I did n't see it until the whole thing was together and it was way too much hassle to take it apart and send it back . Overall , darling but poor quality .
 I read the other reviews , but should have really taken them to heart . I was SO hoping that this was like the one I had while growing up ... therefore , I paid attention to the reviews that were positive . This seat/stool is probably fine for people who have n't seen the ` real ' Costco Red Step Stools . But the seat itself is small -- I am petite and my behind barely fits on it . After assembly , the construction is &#34; OK &#34; , but not high quality.If you have expereinced the REAL Costco counter chair/step stools , you will be disappointed in this one .
 I was thrilled to find these stools just want I 've been looking for.When putting them together I was very diappointed to find the seat cushion was so thin and the underside attached to the legs have plastic . Not sure how long this will hold together .
 Dangerously narrow base ; not AT ALL useful as a step stool.Ours went in the garbage after I fell ; fortunately only ruined some nearby furniture .
 The Cosco Retro Chair is not what I thought . CHEAP CHEAP . I hope it will at least last a year . Waste of money !!
 Most of the assembly components on this stool are absolute crap . The brackets do n't line up , even though I followed the instructions to the letter , facing the arrows in the correct direction . And the track which allows the stool to slide forward and back is cheap , flimsy plastic ; and again , had the assembly holes molded in the wrong location to line up with the matching brackets.I got it put together as best as I could ; but it was extremely wobbly and lopsided , thanks to the unbalanced brackets . And the steps are teeny tiny ! My 20-month-old son had a hard time balancing himself on the bottom one , which stinks since we bought it for him as a big boy chair.I disassembled it as best as I could -LRB- since I stripped the screws , trying to force them into the asymmetrical holes -RRB- , and sent it back to Amazon . At least they have a generous return policy , and arranged a prepaid UPS pickup for the rebound shipping .
 This Chair/stool has plastic parts in key locations that cause poor performance . The steps slide on a poorly conceived plastic rail that produce rough movement and frequent derailment that is difficult to repair . Retainers that guide the steps on the rail break easily . Original stool was solid , sturdy , and functional . This re-make is not .
 This step stool is not worth it - the steps that are shown extended in the photo connect only via a plastic groove in the red plastic cross bars shown on the legs of the stepstool . Therefore , when you move the stool , the steps flop along . You have to move them out yourself and put them back in yourself . They come off too easily so you are having to place them inside the groove whenever you move the stool/chair . The stool itself is very small and while this is OK for a stationary perching stool , it is NOT good for a step stool and too small and uncomfortable as a seat .
 My Grandmother had one of these in her kitchen and I can remember all the kids fighting over who got to sit on the stool at large family gatherings . I 'm really sorry that I let her 's get away from us when she died . I was so excited to see this stool on Amazon and could not wait to get it . But I returned it within less than 5 minutes of taking it out of the box . First of all it is a lot smaller than you think . My daughter 's wooden highchair is larger than this stool . But what really made me dislike it is the color . To call it red is very misleading . I would say it was closer to orange , which does n't appeal to me or match my kitchen .
 I selected this chair over the white chair/step stool , also offered through Target , because it looked sturdier . However , the parts are so poorly constructed that they do not fit together well , and there is a significant wobble to the legs . The sliding mechanism for the steps is primitive and constantly derails . I bought this stool as a perch for my 2-year old daughter to watch me work in the kitchen , but it is so unstable that I am afraid to let her climb on it.Also , while the assembly instructions are easy to follow , either the screws and/or the accompanying Allen wrench are too flimsy . I could not tighten the screws properly before the wrench was completely stripped .
 This is not the stool you saw @ your Grandmoms house , what a let down ...
 I was very disappointed with this chair . The advertisement said it was a replica of the 50 's , but it clearly is not.It is much , much smaller and made of poor quality plastic . The ` steps ' are seated in a flimsy plastic rail that does not hold together when the chair is moved . Very poor quality and very deceptive advertising .
 This thing is kind of a piece of junk . I will say the stool part is okay , but the part that counts - the steps , falls completely out of the crappy plastic tracks anytime I so much as nudge this thing . I got it as a gift , so I might as well keep it , but I 'd never buy it . Save your money .
 I paid $ 50 for this chair -LRB- including shipping -RRB- from Amazon . I was disappointed after putting it together . Comparing it to the REAL retro chair I still have from the 60 's / 70 's , the advertised chair has a smaller seating area and the plastic components are alot cheaper feeling . The step stool portion SLIDES out and has too much `` jiggle '' when pulling it out in the plastic tracks . The old-school one is more sturdy and you had to lift and swing it on hinges and bring it forward and down . The old one feels much more sturdier . It 's `` olive-colored old tupperware looking green '' , that 's why I thought I buy this nice red one , but the quality -LRB- same COSCO manufacturer almost 50 years later -RRB- has gone down . Do n't expect too much if you are going to buy it . It 's RETRO-looking , but not RETRO-quality .
 We own an original Cosco step stool from the 1950s . It is a wonderful chair . We decided we 'd like to get some more to use in our kitchen , and bought ONE of these to check out the quality . Boy , am I glad we only bought one ! This thing is garbage -- poorly made , low-quality . The parts clearly did not go through QC and we had to order a replacement part directly from Cosco to even be able to put it together . That part did n't fit properly either , and one of the screw holes in the leg has `` let go '' -- so the screw can not be tightened or untightened any more . I am taking this thing apart and returning it . I 'd rather track down an original on e-Bay . Very disappointing .
 Poor quality . The screws were not the right fittings . It wasstruggle putting it together . It is not very strong to climbup on ~ not the quality I thought it would be .
 This chair was fairly straightforward to assemble , but after one or two uses , the screws are falling out . Not at all satisfied with the quality .
 I recieved this product , and upon unpacking , discovered damage due to poor packing of product . I immediately called and part was on back order . As of 2/4/13 it is still on B.O. To me , for a simple and popular item such as this to have parts on B.O. this long is unacceptable .
 If you 're hoping for a stool that has the same quality as the original , this is n't it . The vinyl is very thin plastic , the metal leg braces are thin metal stampings . In general it was a very cheap imitation of the original product of the 50 's / 60 's . I returned mine and will keep looking for an old used original Cosco product that was made in the U.S.A.
 Just got this chair yesterday . Thought , okay , other people are being whiners about the assembly . Not so . The second thing you put on is the back - and the bolts they give you will not hold it on safely . I ended up getting our own longer bolts to put the back on with so that I do n't have to worry about my kid falling out when the back breaks off . I had only one part where I was able to get the bolts in without sheer misery , the bottom step of the stool . Good thing they give you extra bolts - because you end up stripping off half of them . And I still used several of my own . I do not mind the stools sliding out rather than the hidge on the old models as I also remember getting pinched on the old ones and how heavy they were . So , that will not be my complaint . But , the assembly is too painful to make this thing worth it . I still have bolts falling off that I just ca n't get in . The top step of the stool has one -LRB- I think the threads where I am bolting it into are all wrong -RRB- and the plastic side rails are IMPOSSIBLE as they are just not quite wide enough for where they are supposed to go , so the bolts are at an angle . Yes - I even used one of my husbands super clamps to try to get them on by squeezing the legs together . It took 3 hours of MISERY and like I said , I have a stool , it 's still not all assembled . And , yes , I do know how to assemble products and use a screw driver .
 A kitchen step stool must be safe . This one is not . The top step , the one that must be used , since we are cautioned not to step on the seat , is very small and is made even smaller by the fact that it does not fully pull clear from the seat . Thus , only the toes can be put on the step . For one of normal size this is dangerous ; for an elderly person it is lethal . I have requested the US Consumer Protection agency to recall this stool . Beyond this important concern , the product is cheaply made , plastic - which is never stronger than steel in such products - is used in critical areas and will never well or sufficiently support its functions .
 This item is NOT like the one I remember , and have to compare it to - smaller all around -LRB- smaller seat , steps , height -RRB- , poor quality , a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT !
 My grandmother had one of these stools years ago . There is no comparison between this new piece of crap , and the old ones from the 1960s . This new one was hard to assemble , cheaply/poorly made , and the steps do not fold out properly . But , the most importnat drawback - I would not dare put more than 20 pounds on either step . What a rip-off !
 i ordered 3 of these chairs . put the first one together , did n't even open the other 2 . it was not nearly as sturdy as at my grandma 's . it also had something sharp poking through the back rest . returned all three .
 I 'm sick of the cheaply made items from china . It came in package all dinged up creases in the vinyl just junk . I want my money back and the money to ship it back !! ~
 Long Story Short , Very poor production quality , cheap parts , following instructions still leaves to rickety chair/let alone stool . Very unpleased by the outcome . Last Cosco item we purchase . Made in China = Trash . Suggestion , do n't buy !
 I felt the chair/step stool was a good color , but was too small and I felt not sturdy enough for an adult . I do not feel safe getting on it .
 I wish I had seen some of the reviews before I bought this stool . I bought it from another catalog -- very disappointed . My son put it together and will not allow me to use it as a step stool . The retro factor was what enticed me to purchase this product . It is not safe , especially the pull-out steps . The whole construction is wobbly . It now sits in my kitchen as a mento of my Mom 's kitchen . I guess that will have to do until I can find the real thing .
 I have owned the older version of the Cosco Chair/Step stool and it was FAR superior to the new one . This new version looks good but it is poor quality , wobbles and does not stay together -LRB- the steps fall out of position -RRB- . The older ones were terrific . Save your money and look for an old one .
 I received the chair and put it together but the attachment for the steps are plastic . The screws do n't seem long enough and the first time I tried to slide out the steps the plastic attachment came off . The chair would be ok if they had metal slide attachments for the steps . I would not recommend this product .
 Screws did not fit in the pre-drilled holes . Luckily I had the proper sizes in my tool kit . The seat is put together , but after 4 hours I have put it aside and will tackle the steps at another time . I wish that I had gone out and purchased one that was already assembled . I am out of the money , and I still do not have a kitchen stool ! It 's too heavy to think about returning , and like most people , I had to totally tear up the packaging to get it out of the box . It ca n't be returned . So , there it sits , over in the corner ! I ran out of screws that would fit the holes but I have the ones that came with the stool . Maybe I will find a use for them You will get 4 screws and 12 bolts.Have your 16 screws ready before you begin . Save the 24 bolts for another job
 This is definitely NOT the chair you may remember . I just returned mine and I return VERY few items . Many , many cheap plastic parts , holes do not align properly , very difficult to assemble , requires offset or ` stubby ' screwdriver . Screw heads strip easily . Not sturdy . Really disappointed .
 I received my retro step stool today and was so excited to put it together . It was a very disappointing process.The quality of the materials is poor . The chrome and painted metal has many flaws . Some of the paint chipped when tightening screws with a manual screwdriver.The vinyl is not put on nicely and it is so thin that if you where to sit on it with a button or zipper in your clothing it would probably tear.Also , the fit of the parts is not good , and even when it is tightened up it is still very wobbly and does not feel sturdy at all.Probably most disappointing , is that the seat is very uncomfortable . There is not much padding , the front edge digs into your thighs , and the seat is too small to accommodate the average female behind.All in all , a total waste of time and money . If it had n't been such a pain to put together , I would send it back.As it is , it will end up in the basement or in a garage sale . Too bad ... I would have happily paid twice as much to have a quality product that was actually usable .
 very cheaply made . leaned back against the back first time I sat in it and the screws pulled out and stripped . Ca n't be fixed . Not at all like the old fashioned ones . The screws around the legs keep coming out . The little steps are so flimsy I am afraid to step on them
 The chair was described as being one for an `` adult '' . Not true at all . My 14 year old son is barely comfortable on it . I had two knee replacement surgeries in the past year and 5 other ones for infections in the replacement and thought it would be perfect to sit on while cooking or baking . It is HORRIBLE . It is like a miniature version of the one my mom had in her kitchen when I was growing up . Save your money . And do n't get me started on the annoying assembly . Also , the steps are a joke . You ca n't use it as a `` step stool '' unless you have size 5 feet . I have size 10 . So NOT worth the money .
 I ordered this chair for my son because I had so many great memories growing up and using this chair.The quality is not what it used to be . The step is not sturdy like my parents ' model . The chair overall does n't seem sturdy and stable like the older models.For the price of this chair , I expected more . However , since there are n't any other options out there , this newer-less-than-desirable model is our only choice if we want a chair with steps for little kids to be able to use .
 I purchased this chair/stool for my wife for Christmas , after an extended assembly , the item will serve it 's intended purpose , but very disappointed in quality , the backrest & seat have areas that are completely worn thru the covering in shipping , poorly packed for transit from CHINA . . would not recommend this product to any one and will think twice about further purchases online . . Cosco 11120RED1 Retro Chair/Step Stool , Red
 My wife asked me to assemble this chair and it did look good on the surface BUT the lack of any solid base -LRB- you have to bolt the seat to very fragile plastic end-post -RRB- , the mis-aligned bolt fittings ; making you force parts together and combined with some plainly stupid open-bolt attachments -LRB- that wo n't attach firmly -RRB- make this chair a total piece of junk , in my opinion . They also have the nerve to charge you $ 20 to return this mess which will make me extremely hesitant to buy anything from Amazon from now on . I think Amazon 's quality control to protect customers from just this kind of obvious deception needs a serious revamping !
 I was really excited to receive this chair because it was so cute in the picture . What a mistake ! It is a piece of garbage . It was packed up immediately and will go right back to the tune of over $ 19 to return !!! I 'm so disappointed and angry with the return cost . Do n't order this . It is very cheaply made .
 I took a chance and purchased this stool in spite of the predominantly bad reviews and , much to my chagrin they were right . The very cheapest of materials were used to manufacture it . It 's much smaller than I imagined it would be and I doubt that I 'll be able to use the stepstool part of it , as I had intended . I was very tempted to send it back during the assembly -LRB- the directions were nothing to jump up and shout about -RRB- , but decided that maybe it would be okay once it was completed . It is flimsy and I do n't think I 'd have the confidence to stand on it . As it is , I think it will be used by my toddler granddaughter to sit up to the counter . To its credit , the color is very pretty and cheerful , but that 's the only thing it has going for it .
 This chair brought back happy memories so when my 84 year old friend wanted one I was happy to make the purchase . The packaging of the product would have indicated a better attention to detail than what I found as I assembled the product . The instructions are easy to follow but the connecting parts do not have the screw holes machined to line up correctly . Some of the drilled holes go straight in but some require the screw to be angled to engage fully . Some of the rivets popped out when the chair was sat on for the first time . I have found a way to make this work with a drill set and some bolts but this is not for the faint of heart . The quality is inconsistent so the wide range of responses in the reviews is explained . I did read many of the reviews before I decided to buy this chair but figured the inconsistencies in the reviews were skill level in assembly . Nope , the range of reviews is caused by the lack of quality control in the machining of the product . Too bad , I would have bought several for my grandchildren but I am not willing to play Russian roulette with their safety . Unless you have a full tool set and some determination I would suggest giving this a pass .
 This is an extremely poorly made product . It looks charming , but essential parts that need to be strong are made of plastic and insubstantially thin steel . Even though we thought we would at least put it together and use it for a less demanding purpose than originally intended , that was not possible . Parts did not align properly to bolt together , and without nuts to secure bolts in place , those parts that did align together were sure to come apart after short moderate use . It 's sad that an old , reliable name like Cosco for home consumer goods is still being used on shoddy products like this . We returned the product and will listen more carefully to negative user reviews in the future . In short -- it 's cute but useless junk . It gets one star only because we had to give it some kind of rating .
 Bought this for my toddler because she wanted to sit at the counter with mom and dad instead of her high chair . My biggest complaint is the steps do not stay in place when they are pulled out . Every time my daughter sits in the chair , she ends up kicking the steps back under the chair , and then she ca n't get down easily -LRB- or I 'm constantly pulling he steps back out -RRB- . Also , the material on the back is thin and not durable . We bought this in the fall and already have 3 little holes in it . Otherwise , the color is nice and assembly was not bad .
 I have assembled a lot of furniture in my day . This is the first piece that defeated me to the point of anger and readiness to completely disassemble and ship back to amazon . The screws thread way too easily , the plastic runner for the step stool is cheap and counter-productive to the overall design , and to top it all , one of the metal screw holes still had metal inside . When I almost had the piece completely assembled I noticed the chair would n't sit level . After too many hours sweating and cursing , then getting my husband involved and he sweating and cursing , we realized that it 's just not worth our time for this chair . I 'd love it to work , but now I know why the vintage ones sell for $ 70 + on ebay . I intend to go find one now and bid on it asap .
 Not well made . We put it together very well but some of the washers were too small and we had to obtain others.Stairs are too narrow and brackets are not strong . I have decided that I will use it for a potted plant !
 I was excited about this purchase for my kitchen . But , it was very small and the screws began falling out day one . Definitely not a good buy !
 I was very disappointed in the size of the chair . It is really small . It is countertop height , but really small . It is not sturdy enough to use as a step stool . It is however just the right size for my 5 year old granddaughter to sit at the table . So maybe , , , a highchair instead of a step stool should be the ad . It is pretty , just like the picture , , just too small and not sturdy enough .
 The person I sent this to as a gift found the assembly very time consuming anddifficult . I would not have purchased it if I knew the chair was not alreadyassembled .
 This is not what Cosco used to make . The stairs do not flip out like the one I remember in my Mom 's kitchen . This one slides out on plastic grooves . The whole things is just disappointing junk . Thin metal rails and plastic parts will never compare to the original . It may look like the real deal in the photos , but it will never compare to the quality of the original version .
 I am 0 for 2 on this step stool . I was excited to get it b/c my mom has the same one , but she was lucky enough to buy a pre-assembled model . The first one came with stripped screw holes , so that the back of the seat popped off . Not safe . Returned that one , and bought another , hoping for better results . My husband , who is a pretty handy guy -LRB- and very low key -RRB- had a TERRIBLE time assembling it . Pieces were bent , holes did n't line up , metal pieces had n't been entirely punched through -- a complete disaster . After much cursing , bending pieces , and gerry-rigging , he managed to put it together , but we 're not sure how long it will last . It 's cute enough , but it does n't feel safe for my little kids or me to climb on . And the seat and seat back are only moderately comfortable . The final verdict
 They are bright , but they do not work in my dimmers . They go out when you try to dim them . Oh , well , they are cheap
 US fairlytales sold me these cfl bulbs . Bulbs lasted for a short time if they worked at all . US FAIRLYTAILS DID NOTHING TO HELP WITH THIS PROBLEM . ** Oh well I feel these balbs are cheap .12 Pack DIMMABLE Compact Fluorescent Light Bulbs ! 12 Lamps 23w = 100w ULAmerica Model
 With minimal to regular use , all of these bulbs burned out within a few months . They have a very short life .
 Waste of good money . In less than nine months three of these bulbs already died . We used them for a couple of hours in the evening during the week and a bit longer on weekends . They did n't come close to the thousands of hours advertised .
 This brand of CFL bulbs is junk . Bought a couple dozen about a year ago and put them in every light in my house -LRB- both dimmable and non-dimmable fixtures -RRB- . Like clockwork , wherever I put them in , they are starting to burn out . These things ARE NOT DIMMABLE . Within a week I went through 4 bulbs in a 2 bulb dimmable fixture . I have regular incandescent dimmable bulbs now and they work fine.The manufacturer says they have a warrantee and are willing to stand by product , however factoring my cost of shipping to replace lousy light bulbs makes it not worth it . Especially since they will most likely only last a year.And although I 'd just assume toss them in the trash , I do want to do the right thing w / spent CFL bulbs . Im not making a trip a week to the local CFL recycling location . So I have a box of a dozen blown CFL bulbs in the basement I am saving up.Bite the bullet and buy name brand CFL bulbs . Save some cash and look online or the local warehouse club . But avoid ULA brand bulbs .
 It appears that there is only one actual type of dimmable 23W CFL from China , and they all have very high failure rates , 6000 hour `` warranty '' . These have been released as `` Greenlite '' , `` Harmony '' and as `` U Lighting America '' . They have their own `` UL '' logo to make it look like they 're UL listed.Overall , myself and others included , there is a 50 % failure rate on these bulbs within 3 days . I could n't get warranty on mine that failed the day they were installed . The company 's website just lists the bulb information , but there 's on contact information . The phone number for warranty is an answering machine with an old lady saying you 've reached U Lighting America , leave a message . Several other people have been told that warranty is only good when purchased in California for use in California.The seller also would n't take them back as DoA without negative feedback . Even then , I 'm waiting to see.For most of those that work , the light is crisp white and very bright at full power . As you turn the dimmer down , the light stays the same for about 30 % , but the bulbs begin to hum . Past that point , they begin to dim . Past 50 % , they flicker . Past 70 % , some of them extinguish , or pulsate off and on with substantial buzzing.For one of them , the light was markedly more pink , but otherwise operated the same way as the others.So basically , avoid these bulbs . Go for the Sylvania , Earthmate or GE brands with good reviews .
 Cosco has n't impressed me with this step stool . For the money , quality is the one thing I expected ... Its more like a mini high chair for children .
 The service and delivery of this product were excellent . However , the backrest was damaged . The plastic was coming away from the metal . It was as though there was not enough `` seam '' allowance . The company promptly replaced the chair twice -LRB- we now have three -RRB- and both of the replacements have exactly the same problem ! We gave up .
 This step stool is not remotely `` vintage '' . It is a cheaply made product that looks like ... a cheaply made product . The back was not straight and the legs were uneven . I was able to return it because of amazon.com 's excellent return policy , but I highly discourage anyone from buying this piece of junk .
 Hace been looking for a chair with fold down steps to reach things in overhead cabinets . Found this one and it 's alright but seems a little wobbly and it was a nightmare to put together . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I wanted this for my kitchen because I remember there being one in several kitchens in my childhood and thot they were so neat and useful . I guess when they started manufacturing them in CHINA quality went out the porthole !!! Cheap materials , steps are not spaced out well enuf -LRB- tripping hazard -RRB- and you have to take the seat off to put the backrest on , then reinstall the seat ! I would return it but dont have the money for the postage . I will just use it as it is . Thank God I am not a heavy person ! I dont think it would safely hold anyone over 150 # .
 AFTER ASSEMBLY THE CHAIR IS GOOD AND STURDY . THE ISSUE IS YOU HAVE TO TAKE THE SEAT OFF TO ATTACH THE BACK REST . THE BACK REST DISTORTS THE FRAME AFTER ATTACHED SO THAT THE SEAT DOES N'T LINE UP ANY MORE TO PUT THE SCREWS BACK IN . IF YOU ATTACH THE SEAT AGAIN FIRST THEN THE BACK REST SCREWS CAN NOT BE PUT IN . A NIGHTMARE !
 Wire cutters arrived yesterday , broke today on first use . Tried cutting a wire that did n't seem that thick , however cutter broke before wire did . I 'm guessing for thin wires , this is probably good . Non-thin wires , look elsewhere .
 Because of the sloppy manufacture , it does n't actually close . You have to use your other hand to push it apart enough . This makes it basically worthless , as it 's more effort than just using scissors or something . Complete disappointment .
 I had to throw these away after cutting a few wires , because they were torn up . I would only purchase these if you are cutting very thin/tiny wires or plastic/fake flower stems might be okay too .
 Arrived , colorful and plastic-encased . Looked good . but oozed some lubricant at every joint . In my experience -LRB- 40 + yrs -RRB- a * good * tool of this nature works w/o lube.Find another wire stripper .
 Disappointed with this product . Mode switches are cheap and flimsy . It 's not rated for wet environments -LRB- i.e. outdoor use -RRB- . This Fluke `` test set '' is barely different than a standard line powered slimline phone . The big deal is that it 's one piece , has clip leads to connect to the phone line and a polarity LED . It costs $ 85 . If you can deal with slight inconvenience you can buy a standard slimline phone for under $ 10 -LRB- right here on Amazon -RRB- and solder on test clips to the phone 's input line . If you 're even more technically savvy , you can solder an LED and resistor to get the polarity feature . So for about $ 15 you have the same diagnostic capability . I use Fluke meters all the time and the quality is generally first rate . This test set does not measure up .
 What a mess ! Go to your local hardware store and buy a tub of lightweight spackle - half the price and much easier to use !
 got this at Home Depot for doing some things on my computer . I got it and the very , very thin solder that they did not say you needed and I had to go to 4 different places . Then as I got home I sat down and started soldering and it would not give me 1 good joint . Plus the D *** head wont stay on . Then as i put the soldering iron into it 's case furious that i only made a half decent joint the tip broke as I was puting into the section just for it.Go get a normal soldering iron . It may be less safe but at least it works .
 I ordered this tub WEEKS ago . I got a phone call saying it had shipped WEEKS ago ... no package in sight ! I have messaged Midwest General Store via email and amazon MULTIPLE times with no feedabck whatsoever to help me figure out what is going on . Not happy with them at all !!!
 The repeated use and restricted use by what the container would cover was misleading . It is still in the container and I have used other mains for eliminating the pest I was experiencing.Thanks but no thanks.Patricia Hiers
 I purchased this product to keep cats away from our backyard , but it did n't deter them . I probably purchased the wrong variety of Shake Away as the label indicates another variety is for cats . I probably misread the product information before buying .
 Perhaps the five-star ratings are coming from people who live near deer that are afraid of people . Where I live -LRB- outskirts of Houston -RRB- the deer are nearly domestic and will stand in my front yard , munching on my shrubs , being as defiant as a 14 year old kid.I gave this product a week-long try . Night # 1 , seemed to work okay as there was no new munch evidence . Night # 2 -LRB- the sprinkler system ran at 4:00 AM -RRB- the effectiveness seems to have worn off a bit , as there is more evidence of evening deer dining . Night # 3 , oh oh , the deer have returned with their appetites , so I sprinkled the remainder of the container on the garden . Night # 4 , the deer must have caught nasty colds and therefore can not smell this stuff . More damage . Night # 5 , # 6 , and # 7 . Totally ineffective again . Searched Amazon for alternatives . Found something locally that mixes fiery pepper extract with garlic . Now it smells like an Italian kitchen in my front yard . The deer are calling in reservations now.So I settled on a motion-sensitive sprinkler for about $ 50 . Eureka ! That thing works , except that I have to remember it 's on when I venture out to fetch the morning paper . But finally the deer dining has been halted . Forget the chemicals , get a motion-sensor sprinkler instead .
 I used an entire 20-oz container according to the directions , and deer were not fazed . They continued to munch on my willow tree as if they enjoyed being surrounded by these granules . Information about the money-back guarantee was supposed to be found on the company 's web site , but it was not mentioned .
 A family of raccoons has taken up residence in a sheltered area of my house . I could hear them scratching and squirming in the little den of theirs , which used to be part of my house . In desperation , I decided to give this product a try in spite of the 1-star reviews . I sprinkled cup each at the entrance of their den and on a pile of raccoon dropping nearby . On the same night , I heard the sound of animal running away from my house . Two days later , I heard a scratching sound near the den , then the sound of a sharp step back and panic retreat . I was overjoyed and I ordered some more . But sadly , on the sixth night , they were back with a vengeance . They made a big racket for 3 hours before they settled back into their den and I was back to square one . During this time , I had applied the repellent twice per instruction on the can . Apparently , the raccoons figured out that the repellent was a decoy and went about their business as usual . They were smarter than I thought.Update
 This product is advertised as 100 % safe and non-toxic , but the precautionary statements on the bottle conflict with that . It says to `` call a poison control center '' if it comes in contact with skin OR clothing -LRB- and , of course , if swallowed or gotten in eyes -RRB- . It also mentions `` hazards to domestic animals '' even though the description on amazon claims it will not harm household pets OR the animal you are repelling.I 'm too nervous to use it and will be returning it . **** Update
 Product simply does not work as advertised , when used as advertised . Advertisement states `` Shake-Away deer is a powder made of coyote urine '' , though no urine is listed in ingredients . Urea is listed and is NOT urine . Urea is a nitrogen-containing waste-by-product contained in urine -LRB- dog , people , coyote , etc -RRB- and is used as a nitogen source in fertilizer . Urine would contain urea , other waste products , pheromones etc. that would let deer know that other animals were in the area . Urea does NOTHING except fertilize your property .
 I anxiously waited for this product to arrive to keep the raccoons away from my `` fenced in '' garden that contained sweet corn . I used the ENTIRE container around the two sides of my garden that did n't have a building against them , but was fenced in . The DAY after I sprinkled the entire container down on the ground and also put some in several little pouches & hung them from the posts , the raccoons came overnight and destroyed the entire row of corn that was right next to the sprinkled product . Plus , now that it 's rained several times , it appears the product is causing the grass where it was sprinkled to form a yellow gold dust that gets on your shoes and anything that comes near to the area .
 This was the Amazon suggested post for use with the Jumbo Rural Mailbox ST20B and it was just plain too flimsy for this size mailbox . I had to go to the hardware store to make support brackets to attach the arm to the post and then another support bracket for under the actual mailbox . Do not buy this post set for large mailboxes unless you want to do manual modifications to it .
 please , do yourself a favor , and do n't throw your money away on this post . i purchased it to go with a solar heavy duty mailbox . the upright post is thin but probably sufficient for the purpose . however , the support post that actually holds the mailbox is too thin to do the job . this is especially true in my case , using a heavy duty box . not enough metal ! cheap chinese design !
 I 'm sure this is a good product as I have owned other Lutron products but this price is double Home Depots and $ 40 more then other places onlne .
 I 'm very surprised , given that CFLs contain mercury , that this was shipped with zero padding . The thin cardboard box containing the bulb -LRB- as it would appear on a retail store 's shelf -RRB- was enclosed in a folded piece of cardboard just as Amazon usually ships books . No air-filled cushion bags , peanuts , or any other padding surrounded it . It was already broken when I unpacked it . It clearly broke before it entered our home . I only hope that all the mercury had dispersed before then . Seems irresponsible to ship it this way .
 This product does not work . We installed it according to instructions and used it for about a month . It made absolutely no difference in water quality . The dishes come out of the dishwasher covered with a white gritty film . The product is being returned . We are going to buy and use a regular salt water softener .
 We have been using one of these units for about 8 months now , and there has not been any noticeable difference in our water . At first , my wife thought it was making a difference in the dishwasher , but it must have been a placebo effect - a few months later it is clear that nothing has changed.On the plus side , it has really cool lights that flash when you plug it in . I may keep it around to hang on the Christmas tree , since it does not appear to be doing any good hooked up to the plumbing.We are now shopping around for an actual water softener .
 I really , really wanted this to work . I was very diligent about how I installed it and talked with the manufacturer a few times about how to determine I installed it right and if it was working . In the end , I sent them detailed pictures of my installation and they agreed that it was installed correctly . They advised me that an AM radio will detect the frequencies -LRB- at the lower end of the band -RRB- as the product cycles . I did hear that.So , everything seemed in working order but it still did n't help . I ran this for about 2 months . The final straw is that I noticed water spots the next day after the bath faucets were cleaned . It was quite obvious . Plus , we saw no other `` results '' to give us an indication that our water felt or `` acted '' any differently . I did see spotting on other glassware.To say the least , I 'm disappointed and envious . I envy those that have the type of water where this will work okay . The engineer at the manufacturer admitted that certain water `` makeup '' will render this product ineffective . I do n't think our water was above their hardness recommendation . In fact I think it would likely fall in the middle of the range.It was a shame that I had to return it . That process did not go quite so smoothly . Initially , I called Amazon and they said since it was past their 30 day return period I had to go to the manufacturer to honor the 90 day guarantee . The manufacturer said that I had to go back to Amazon . Then Amazon said I should contact SmartHome from where it was actually sourced . SmartHome said I should go back to the manufacturer . What a nightmare ! Finally , Amazon said they 'd do a one-time fix for this and refund the money . I did n't understand the `` one-time '' part because as I understand it , Amazon truly is responsible for any returns and honoring the manufacturers guarantee -LRB- as noted by the manufacturer directly -RRB- .
 I installed it as soon as I got it , kept it for a month , did n't see any change at all so I returned it . Now I have a traditional salt water softener .
 This product died after 6 months . I sent email last week ; no one replied . I called the service phone ; no one answered the phone and the mailbox was full . Stay away from this company
 Can anyone verify if this is even supposed to work in theory ? We 're about half way through our money back guarantee , and I 'm pretty sure we are sending this one back . No change in our water whatsoever .
 When I bought the product the name of the product and infofmation provided would indicate the this product was a replacement for a salt based water conditioner.NOT TRUE.the information provided with the unit state that it dose not remove rust and that you need to buy a $ 300.00 product for this purpose.What good is it if it can not get rid of the most common hardner in the water ?
 Clear wave did not work in my home in Tampa , Florida ... We Had the unit installed for 5 months and made my scale and lime build up MORE ... Our water hardness is 9 % -15 % and this did nothing but make bubbles . . I wish i could get my $ 170 BACK what a scam ... Save your money and buy a WATERBOSS @ HOME DEPOT ... Good Luck
 Clearwave claims to `` generate a series of inaudible wave forms that affect calcium crystals in water so that they are unable to stick to anything '' . This is pseudoscientific nonsense . There are no details provided about the frequency or other characteristics of the wave forms that Clearwave is supposedly produces . The manufacturer even admits that its not possible to measure the effect with a hardness meter.The 2 antennas suggest that the product generates a Radio Frequent signal -LRB- no wonder that its inaudible -RRB- . There is no scientific principle stated how these RF waves are supposed to make calcium not sticky , or what the lifespan of this magic calcium is . Imagine if this actually would work
 From what we know about physics and chemistry there is no way that this product can actually accomplish anything.There have been many fly-by-night companies that sell so called ` electronic water softeners ' , descalers , and so forth that have popped up and vanished over the years.If this process did work , there would be major appliance companies that would be making and marketing them.Do not buy .
 We ordered this product and tried it . Our water has a hardness of 20 + grains . The product does not work for water this hard . On trying to return the product , we contacted seller several times before they finally responded with a cryptic message including a return address . We sent it back to the address they provided and never got a refund . On following up , the company said they never received the package . They were very shady about the whole thing and never refunded us , standing by the we `` never got the package '' excuse . I have never experienced this before ; been using the US Postal service my whole life and no package has ever been `` lost '' . On following up with my local post office , they informed that this kind of thing happens all the time , that companies and sellers rip people off using the `` we did not receive the package '' line . It is shocking to me that there are so many dishonest people out there willing to swindle you if you are not paying attention .
 UPDATE
 I purchased my Clear Wave from smarthome.com . I purchased it from there , because there was a $ 10 coupon special , so the total -LRB- with free shipping + tax -RRB- was about $ 128 . I received the device in a timely manner and it installed pretty easily . The ties they give you to attach the device to your pipes are pretty horrible , so I had to use some that I had on-hand . It took about 20min to get the thing installed , but that 's because I had to climb over storage room clutter to get to the pipe and run the power cord.Day 1
 I bought this softener hoping it would work so I could avoid using a salt based softener , but it has n't worked . Paid too much and did n't get the desired results at all whatsoever.I had to try to find out for myself . The technology has supposedly worked for somepeople in smoe circumstances , but with my 16 parts hardness it did not work .
 I had earlier posted a review on this saying it doesnt seem to do anything . I am changing that review now , but for some reason amazon wont let me change the number of starts I rated this at ... I now give this 4 STARSI had earlier posted the review that this doesnt seem to be doing anything , but I left it on . Interestingly - while it took its time - this thing does seem to be doing exactlt what it says it will do - namely - making the hardness in water `` non-sticky '' . My shower heads look quite a bit cleaner , and yes we are noticing small while precipitate in the water , showing that the long deposited white ` scaling ' on boiler and pipes is actually coming off.This seems to also have had a very positive effect on the dish washer . I dont get the whole scaling on glass anymore.So - if you have tested your water - and its hardness is in the range for this device -LRB- mine qualifies -RRB- - I will now very strongly recommend this to you . Its a peach to install and setup , and provided you have the patience to wait for its effects - which can take a few months to show up - this is great .
 I was enticed by the decent reviews of this product . After a few weeks of my own research , I decided to buy one myself and keep my fingers crossed that it would work . My main concern regarding the water in my house is the calcium buildup , which this product claims to treat/prevent . The product manual also claims that if you are unsatisfied with this product for any reason that you can return it to the place of purchase within 90 days . I will address this problem later ... A little background . This water conditioner claims that it will not only prevent buildup , but actually reverse the effects of existing calcuim buildup . This product was installed in a brand new house with a brand new electric water heater . I had my water tested and the grains of calcium were 23 -LRB- this product claims to work by itself up to 25 -RRB- . I gave the product 2 months before I attempted to return it . Over those two months , I determined the product to be a scam . Calcium built up on my shower heads , clogging them , around the sink drains , in my new dishwasher , and in my toilets . My old house is located in the same water district as my new house , so I went into this knowing the effects the untreated water has on fixtures . With this knowledge , I though the Clearwave water conditioner would , at the very least , slow down the buildup of calcium ... but it did n't . So , still well within my 90 return window guaranteed by the manufacturer , I contacted amazon and requested a return . They stated I needed to contact the company that fulfilled my order -LRB- Smarthome.com -RRB- and request a refund through them . I contacted Smarthome.com and they stated the order was actually fulfilled through Amazon . So back to Amazon I went . Amazon then stated their return policy was 30 days and they would only offer me 50 % of my money back for this product . Arguing with them got me nowhere , so now I am stuck with this worthless piece of junk.For anyone still interested in this product , more info can be found here :[ ... -RSB-
 This is my first review and I typically prefer to read others reports than to write my own but I felt compelled to provide some feedback.I really wanted this product to work as I do not like having to use a traditional water softener . Once our existing salt based water softener broke I decided to try the Clearwave and see if my wife could tell the difference . I did not tell her about the change and this was truly going to be blind field test . After a couple of weeks my wife asked if there was anything wrong with our softener as she had begun to notice some typical hard water build up . I had to fess up to the change and asked her to give it a few more weeks . I waited the full 90 days but it was clear that the Clearwave did not do the job as well as a traditional water softener . It appeared to not make any difference at all . The hard water stains were readily apparent in the shower and near the sink.I will very reluctantly go back to a salt based system until some better comes along to replace it .
 We 've had the Clearwave installed for over 6 months now and have n't noticed any difference . We still get build-up in our dishwasher , in our humidifiers , and on all our faucets and shower heads -LRB- causing them to leak -RRB- .
 I used this product exactly as described and even called the company several times and notice nothing but a mild electric hum . It does nothing , absolutely nothing . I have well water and I attached it to the main copper pipe . I have watched the build up of hard water on shower heads , faucets , and in the tank of the toilet . There are no loose particles , as they said there might be and there is not difference in the hardness of my water . I tested before and after and saw no change at all . Did they give me my money back ? No . Did they send me a new one ? No . Why ? Even though I called and reported concerns before the warranty was out , by the time I tried everything and waited , well , you know the rest . I think I wanted a non chemical , non-salt solution and imagined this would work like magic . I think we all imagine a simpler , less invasive solution , and I think this company preys on our hopes and dreams . You can not change hard water by electronic vibrations
 Almost a year ago , I asked my engineer husband to select , buy and install a water softener for our home . He convinced me that `` salt '' was n't the way to go , and started evaluating non-salt softeners . He wrote a few reviews on Amazon based on his research ; but after many months , I still did n't have a water softener . For his earlier review of the Clearwave
 I wouldnt say this is completely useless . You could use this as Expensive Christmas lights . Its been 8 months since I fitted this at my home , but still see scaling in my bathroom and in dishwasher . I wouldnt recommend this to anyone .
 I purchased and installed this unit about a year ago just after I had cleaned the tank and replace both of the heating elements in my electric hot water heater . I typically have to replace the elements every 12 months due to scale build up on the elements and the 3 inches of scale deposits that accumulate in the bottom of the water tank . This was to be the true test for me . Here I am , 11 months later running out of hot water again . At that point , I really was n't too surprised to find that when checked with my ohm meter , the bottom element had shorted out again . The Clearwave Electronic Water Conditioner just did n't cut it . There was absolutely no change in the condition of my hot water heater in 11 month 's time . I still had the shorted out element along with the 3 inches of scale deposits to vacuum off the bottom of the tank . As much as I wanted to be a believer , I no longer can . Now I 'm off to purchase an actual water softener . My suggestion to anyone who wants to go the route of the electronic water conditioner is not to cheap out . Go to your local supply store and purchase one of the $ 1000 commercial units that are available . I have `` heard '' that those do actually work . For me , after sampling the technology , that 's just too much money to spend on something that may or may not work .
 I was skeptical ... but based on the 50/50 reviews , decided to give it a try . Installed as instructed and it 's been about 3-4 months now that I 've had it installed plugged in and waiting . When you turn on the faucet now , you can see a momentary flush of something , do n't know if that is all it does or not . My true test was to wash the car with it and see if it works . Supposedly washing the car with soft water leave the windows spot free when drying.Washed the car with it ... windows still spotted up .
 I have been using this product for three months now and can see no difference in my water . No scale has been removed . IN all fairness to the manufacturer they do not claim that it works for all hard water . Mine may just be too hard .
 I have had this installed on my water system for quite sometime now -LRB- Maybe a year ? -RRB- and I really do n't notice a difference . I ca n't say for sure that it does anything .
 I live in San Diego , which may have the hardest water on the planet . I do n't like the feeling of salt water softners , so wanted to give this a try . It absolutely did nothing to help clear out all the mineral deposits I get on my dishes and around my faucets . I finally got a DIFI `` Dishwasher Filtration System '' attached to my dish washer , and that has really helped keep the glasses clear . It does n't help the sinks in the rest of the house , but it 's at least an improvement on the biggest problem area .
 I purchased the Clearwave conditioner about 2 years ago through Amazon . Our water is hard about 20 grains . The ad suggested that you needed to give the unit at least 90 days before deciding whether it was working . Well 2 years later we ca n't see any difference . I talked to an electrician about the unit and when I described one terminating wire from each end that wraps around the pipes he just laughed . Without a completed circuit there is no way a magnetic field can be built . Therefore this product has no chance of working as described . I contacted Amazon and they refunded the entire price .
 After reading everyone 's review , I took the plunge and bought this unit.Hoping it will be my savior for my hard water problem . I waited just like the other guy said , hoping miracle would happen months later . But it did n't .7 months now , I 've waited the effect to kick in , but it never did . My water is still hard and leave marks like before , as this unit never actually worked , and yes I 've set it up correctly according to the manual.I have the city water guy came out , and he told me , this technology is not proven yet , and he ca n't vouch for it.Simple version - nope it did n't work for me , and my house is newly built .
 I 've used this product for about a month and I notice the hard water stains are easier to remove . The shower water feels better to the touch . So at this point I 'm happy . I let you know if it changes ... Update
 I had a water softener and wanted to replace it the this water conditioner . I put the softener in bypass mode and installed this conditioner . In less than a week I clearly see water spot everywhere .
 I 've had this thing on for almost two years now with absolutely no effect whatsoever . With half of the reviewers swearing by it and the other half saying it 's junk , I took the chance . Wish I had n't . Do n't waste your money on this thing . It 's a total scam.Original review from March , 2009 : The Clearwave arrived and I had it installed in less than half an hour -LRB- after several hours of cutting and re-sweating the water supply to get the tee & valve to the irrigation line downstream of the Clearwave -RRB- . Unfortunately , the transformer was DOA right out of the box . Called Clearwave and they were very good about it but after asking where I purchased it they told me that they do n't sell to `` The Best of Times '' anymore so who knows how many more TBOT is sitting on with bad transformers . In any case , Clearwave sent me a new one and the thing has been in operation for about 6 weeks now . I have n't noticed any difference in water quality yet but with enough other reviewers claiming success , I 'm keeping my mind open with regard to its effectiveness .
 Dont buy the picture is the old model theres a totally new model , now it sucks i cant use it .
 I have been using the original fat max extreme for as long as it has been available I love it . The new and improved version sucks . It would be alright if a person did nothing but frame but try measuring trim or hanging drywall and trying to measure up into an off angle or hold the ridiculously huge catch and ripping a sheet of drywall wo n't happen very accurately anyhow . My opinion is they should have kept the original extreme available also .
 I am a general contractor in California and use the heck out of my tape measures . I purchased the Stanley FatMax xtreme 25 ' tape measure with the thought that paying extra for a beefy tape would allow for years of use . As others have noted the tape requires way too much force to lock it in place . This is irritating but tolerable . I take pretty good care of my tools and the actual tape looks pretty nice still . All the lines are still viewable . However , after retracting the blade fast one time it cracked at about the 3 ' mark . Now it may or may not want to go in and out . Stanley does not warrant this according to the pictures of `` abuse '' on their website . I let it go in fast but not that fast . Anyway I am going to buy the cheapy tapes from the big box stores . They allow you to walk in and exchange them , no questions asked . We 'll see how that works out . Stanley , make a `` true pro '' version , back it up and I 'd pay extra for it .
 I 've owned two 25 ' Stanley FatMax Xtreme tape measures . Both worked very well for a long time under continued , daily use . The first one eventually stopped retracting on its own , and the second one got a cut in the tape itself . I held it together with gaff tape until I conceded and ordered a new one . I wanted an identical replacement , the one shown in the photo , but I was shipped what I guess is the `` new and improved '' model that has a different looking face and a ridiculously oversized catch at the end.I thought it would be fine at first , but it has two main problems compared to my older two . First , the end catch is taller and wider , which is nice for catching objects at odd angles , but it seems that it is n't as long below the tape -LRB- the primary catch position -RRB- as the old ones . With my old ones , I could hold the tape , closed , by the end I 'm trying to measure from and yank - the catch was long enough to snag the item without my having to manually open the tape and place the catch on the end of the piece . I ca n't do this with the `` new '' model , and it is annoying me . The second problem is that I find the tape itself is flimsier than my older two . What a rip.I 'll use this one until I either find a new `` old '' model or find a different tape that works as good as my old one .
 The idea is good ; a tape with a long standout . The problem is that the thing is so fat that it wo n't easily sit in a tool belt , tape measure holder . Ok , this relegates it to those some time jobs . Not much consolation for a $ 20 + tape . But what really made me think this thing was designed by the marketing department is that it is so top heavy it wo n't sit up on its own . Try drawing the tape out , locking it to free up a hand and the thing falls over . Terrible . To top it off ; mine broke today after only occasional use over the last year . My $ 9.00 Stanley , which I use ever day , has been going for over a year . Buy the cheaper one .
 I have used the old FatMax for years . Best tape out there . This Xtreme is new but definitely not improved . The first 6 inches of the tape has small numbers on both sides with the `` Blade Armor '' logo running right through the middle , very confusing and hard to read . Also the chrome & black color makes it hard to find in your bags or tool box . I do n't know if a different plastic was used but I already have a crack in my case . The old yellow model is much more visible . I have reverted back to my 4 year old FatMax original and given the Xtreme to my crew as a spare , they do n't like it either . Looks really cool , a lot of razzle dazzle WOW !!
 Not a good tape . I found the case breaks easier than the origional fat max , which I 've converted back to . I 've owned 2 extreme 's and have only gotten a few months at tops out of them before the blade would nick and evertually tear completely . So much for their strongest tape ever .
 This tape measure is BEEFY ! It is both wide and heavy . There have been a few times where I have worn this on my belt and accidentally bumped into something and have either popped the tape measure off of my belt or damaged the item I bumped it on . The tape itself is nice and wide , highly visible with the bright yellow/green Mylar film coated blade and I can get the blade to standout 11 + feet , but the Blade Armor is only on the first six inches . The blade lock is absolutely ridiculous
 I have tried two of the 25 ' Stanley tapes and both had very stiff locking mechanisms - one did n't lock at all . Most of the time I simply throw my finger under the tape to hold it open , but if I 'm paying top dollar for a tape measure I expect it to work . The standout is great if you keep it flat , but the tape is heavy and will fold over easily . I have a Komelon self-lock that is excellent and will likely try one of their heavy duty tapes or the standard Fat Max which has more favorable reviews .
 Here 's the deal with the thing . Is works great and when finding the center of a ceiling for example it 's A - # 1 BUT the spring may ware out . I got it less than 2 months ago and now it wo n't go all the way back in on it ` s own -LRB- it stays out a foot or so -RRB- . It 's not because it 's dirty , it 's not because I 've loosened the spring , it 's not because the blade is bent , it 's because the spring has worn out . This is why it happens -LRB- I think -RRB- , the flat max extreme is so curved it acts like a spring it 's self when rolled up -LRB- much more so than the regular flat max -RRB- and the spring they put in there is just not thick enough to fight that and keep it 's memory over time . I tried tightening the spring , it did n't help much and now it wo n't go all the way out ... I do n't know about all of them , but the one I had was fully extended from time to time and the spring wore out . Use caution and talks to others before taking my word for it ...
 I liked the long standout . You can reel out 9 ft without too much sag.The thing that turned me off immediately was the clam-shell package . I ruined the belt clip trying to extract the tape from the package.The lock mechanism is difficult to operate.If you do n't release the lock all the way it will leave black stripes on your tape.The tape has a rounded bottom and falls over easily if you put it on a piece of lumber . That to me is a deal killer . If I were going to keep it I would take the bottom of the housing to my belt sander and make it flat or concave .
 The picture on this item needs to be updated . I ordered it because I prefer the model pictured , the items sent to me were not the same as the picture . I wanted the older model and the newer model was sent .
 I thought this was a pretty good tape for a month or so - good stand-out length , seemed heavy-duty . Then the blade just snapped off - not doing anything with it except extending it out . No prior kinking or abuse . My take is that in order to make the blade stand out so well , they used a stiff brittle steel that does n't roll up well and develops stress cracks until it snaps off . My cheaper tapes have universally lasted longer than this expensive one - also , no replacement tape to be had - nothing to do but throw the whole thing away when it breaks . I remember when you could actually fix these things , but those days are gone .
 I ordered the `` old '' fat max tape and got the new style which is completely ridiculous due to the end being gigantic . False advertising at its best .
 The measuring tape in the picture is what I wanted and what I received in the mail is not what is in the picture . I have been looking for this particular measuring tape for a while and found it on this site finally . Well what I got was not what was in the picture on the webpage . Instead I got something different which I had seen a local store for a cheaper price!Oh well I guess I am stuck with it . Not cool !
 The product is good . I 've used them for years . Normally you can get a pack of 25 strips for around $ 6 . When I saw this had `` 32 '' per package for $ 5 I figured that was a good deal.It 's not a good deal . It 's a terrible deal.There are only FOUR -LRB- 4 -RRB- strips in the package . Each strip has 8 spacers so they 're claiming there are 32 in the package . This is NOT the correct way to mark this product.So in a regular -LRB- full price -RRB- brick and mortar store you can get 25 strips -LRB- 8 spacers each -RRB- for $ 6 . In this listing you get 4 strips for $ 5 . That 's a pretty awful price .
 I put the shakeaway by the garage door where the mice were getting in and it smelled great for a few hours but it had no effect on the mice . I keep putting it out - at least it makes the garage smell good , and I might as well use up what I have left in the bottle .
 I tried this product twice and did n't solve the problem . I had voles in my lawn put the product out as directed and it did not work .
 I am sorry to say that the rat that is visiting my house and garage was not afraid of this product . After sprinkling it in all its favorite spots , he or she simply walked right through it . No one was more disappointed than I that this product did not detour this critter .
 we had rats in our garage and bought this product in good faith . imagine our surprize to find that the rats were actually attracted to this product and seemed to prefer to leave their dropping where we had put the granules . i suppose they were laughing at us for buying such a stupid product . we got exterminators in to do the job correctly and they also had a good laugh when we showed them the product container . buyer beware !!!
 This product did n't work for us at all . Our mice had no issue to even walk over the stuff ! After having tried a lot of products , we 're finally back to the only remedies that seem to work
 Tried this product to keep mice and rats away from our BBQ and crawlspace . Did not work whatsoever !
 I tried the Product as instructed and instead of running the Squirrls awaym I think it attracted them becausae I now have more Squirlls not less , I ask a Credit and will receive one for the item but lost the shipping and handling fee , which is not right in my opion so instead of getting rid of Squirlls , I lost money !!
 I 've been battling a rat/mice nest in my engine compartment for a month . I was hoping this would solve my problem . Unfortunately , they have pee 'd and pooped all over this stuff . Considering I placed more than a quarter of this bottle within my engine compartment , this stuff obviously has been a waste of money . On to the next attempt at a solution I suppose .
 I bought Shake Away Rodent Repellant Granules after having a problem with mice in the laundry room in my basement . I wanted to get rid of the mice humanely so I thought this product would be ideal . After reading the instructions , I put golf ball size stockings with the granules as instructed all around my laundry room . Well , not only did the mice not get repelled , but I found mouse droppings right next to the repellent and the mice continued to multiply until I had to get an exterminator.The exterminator found 7 mice so I guess Shake Away did not repel any . Please save your money and either get mouse traps or an exterminator .
 This product did not work for me , as the mice did not stay away , and I put it down several times before giving up . I followed the directions . It just did n't work for me . I found it messy , too . You have to get up the old product before putting down the new or you wind up with a lot of this stuff all over the house .
 Product did nothing . Today the exterminator arrives . I put the product in a paper plate next to a mouse trap ... I 've trapped three mice in 3 days ... I think the mice are drawn to it rather than repelled from it ... It should be called `` Come to Me `` Two thumbs down ...
 I applied this product in my garden . It said it would n't harm plants , but the day after applying it almost destroyed my whole garden killing several plants and burning several others . First day after applying i walk into a garden with more squirrels in it than ever . This product DOES N'T WORK and is a COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY . DO NOT BUY .
 This stuff is a complete waste of money . I actually think mice eat this stuff . Slightly kidding with that one but seriously I found mouse droppings next to the repellant on the day after I put it down . And it was n't a case of it being washed away by rain . I tried being nice and humane to these suckers .
 Well if I allow my small dogs to smell this , they run away from it , BUT when sprinkled around -LRB- half the bottle -RRB- around the areas where there are rat dropping and the top of the wall -LRB- in the attic -RRB- where the rats climb up , it does not appear to stop them at all ...
 It did n't work the Mice in NYC are tougher than the Bobcats of the world
 I have not used this particular product for RODENT control.I HAVE used the SMALL CRITTER Repellent -LRB- same brand -RRB- for chipmunks and bunnies etc. . That has only been partially effective . It has not dissuaded the critters to move on . They seem to come back after two days and call my bluff . I think it is because we have only lived here 2 years now and they have been `` in -LRB- under -RRB- residence '' for a much longer time . I wanted to use a humane type product like this but this one is just too expensive per use and I have not gotten the results I was hoping for . I am down to my last 2 jars and I have already used 4 without success . I wo n't order it again.It is a shake product but the consistency of the product is somewhat moist and so it really does n't like to `` shake '' out through the holes provided . The larger opening dispenses it too rapidly and one can use up a bottle/jar in a hurry .
 I found that the shake away coyote repellant to be lessthan effective in detering groundhogs . After shaking the product in the hole he had dug , the groundhog not only returned to he hole but drug some the pellets back under my deck with it 's belly .
 I have mice in my shed . I made a circle with this stuff and put a mouse trap with cheese on it in the middle . I caught a mouse each day for the next three days .
 This summer I had rats in my garden eating my tomatoes for the first time ever . I was able to catch about three of them in a rat trap until they became wise to that . Being desperate , I looked for some other cure and read positive reviews for Shake Away Rodent Repellant Granules here on Amazon . So , I tried it.Don ' t waste your time or money ! This stuff was totally ineffective ! It sounded like a plausible idea , but it does not work . The rats pay no attention to it whatsoever !
 Fast shipping ... As some one previously stated this product `` seems '' to ATTRACT MICE ... Mice are n't afraid -LRB- fear -RRB- this product AT ALL ... Another review that I read said that they were gon na go back to mouse traps ... EXAAAAAACTLY !!! Back to traps !!! I 'm terrified of mice and NO I didnt give it the 2 weeks , HOWEVER the mice APPEARED MORE DAY 1 -LRB- this is after i sealed holes/cracks , etc. . -RRB- The smell is n't that bad or STRONG ... SERIOUSLY , I put this stuff behind the washer and dryer and BOOM there they were ... never had a problem with them being in my pantry -LRB- thats not built in the wall -RRB- so i put sum behind it anyway ... smh ... wrong move ... . smh , my daughter said she saw 2 around it and trying to get in it ... I hate not having a peace of mind in my own home -LRB- field is about 50 yards from my back door -RRB- ... For some reason didnt see NOT ONE field mouse last year but then started seeing one here and there during THIS SUMMER :-LRB- ... . STRESSED !!! I guess if you have the money to buy and try you really dont have much to lose but the cost ... But if it works GREAT ...
 Shake Away Repellant is a joke . It did not work as stated . I was trying to remove a nest of raccoons in the basement and it simply failed to work . Simply stated , you would be better off NOT using this product .
 I live in Hollywood , CA and four months ago I started hearing critters -LRB- rats , I 've seen them with my own eyes now -RRB- in the ceiling of my one-story apartment . There is a 2-foot high crawl space between the ceiling and the actual roof , of the building , and , well , the rats decided it would make a nice home . At night it sounded like they were playing soccer matches up there.I did not want to endure the smell of dead rats in the walls if they were killed with poison . I just wanted them to move on . Shake-away seemed like the thing to try.I got on a ladder , packed wad after wad of Shake-Away into a blow-gun-style piece of PVC tubing , threaded it into a hole I created in a vent on the side of the building , put my lips to the tube , and exhaled hard . I could hear the crystals scattering around the two-by-fours and miscellaneous pieces of electrical wiring . I blew and I blew . I did this in two different places of the building until I was sure I had created a wide swath of bobcat scented hell for the rats . I did this with enormous confidence that they would move out . Eventually.Well , like I said , that was several months ago now . I am prompted to write this because I just heard what sounded like a pair of elephant-sized rats engaged in a sumo contest right above my ceiling fan . There were nights when I was sure they were gone for good . There were others when I figured the sounds I was hearing was just them packing their bags to leave . But they are here , they are still very firmly here , and Shake-Away seems to have done nothing to change that.Having said all that , and having done more and more research on the stuff since I bought and applied it , it seems that Shake-Away is only effective at preventing rats from moving IN to a potentially habitable location , not on encouraging them to LEAVE one they have already decided to call `` Home '' . Shake-Away , then , is a DETERRENT to a not-yet-existent rat problem not a SOLUTION to a problem that already exists.SO ... . If you can guess in advance exactly where and when a colony of rats will move in to a place that you wo n't want them , Shake-Away may be able to help you prevent that from happening . But as a tool to get rats out of your home , well . I 'd love to finish writing this review but I placed a few bets on tonight 's rat-fight and I need to find out if the big dark Norwegian is going to finally trounce the local big blackie and I do n't want to miss the beginning of the brawl . Got ta go !
 Tried it on the small animals/rodents . It did n't have a chance . Did not repel anything ! So I guess it 's goodbye to that crummy product .
 We were having problems with rodents getting into our cars which were parked outside . We sprinkled this around the cars every night . 5 days later both cars have check engine lights coming on and hundreds of dollars of damage caused by chewed wires . My husband opened his car hood yesterday to see a rat in there . This product did not work at all .
 I liberally sprinkled this product on the ground around my vehicle , and also put on some of the flat surfaces inside the engine compartment.Recently I noticed some mouse damage to the heat/noise insulation under the vehicle 's hood . On closer examination I found the the mice had actually packed many acorns along with a significant amount of Shake Away granules into the nest it had created in this insulation.So much for it being a rodent repellent ! Besides smelling horrible , to humans at least , this product does not appear work .
 We followed directions - mice still around , mouse droppings in the granules - can not recommend
 The product was delivered fast . That is what the one star is for.I have used the granules as directed but our squirrels are not impressed . They seem to even try the stuff and it does n't deter them at all . The product has clearly not worked as promised .
 This might have been a great product but due to improper packaging I was n't able to find out . As soon as I noticed the broken handle in the box I went and I bought a similar product at H *** D **** . Lo and behold , there was a piece of cardboard holding the main item in place and all the other parts sat nicely tied on their places ... I 'll think twice next time I come upon an item sold by YouRemodel !!!
 I bought two same faucets before they are good quality but this third one has Q.C. issue -LRB- some dings cosmetic defects on its skin -RRB- ; however , its functionality is still OK .
 There are some worthy attributes to this 7 '' saw
 We are redoing our kitchen . I have ordered oil-rubbed bronze a -RRB- lights - two different ceiling lights , b -RRB- knobs c -RRB- handles and d -RRB- light switch/electrical outlet covers . These all matched close enough . The picture looks very dark with light areas but the actual product looks like regular bright bronze . This product does not look like the picture at all . So be careful when ordering if you are trying to go by the term oil-rubbed bronze .
 This is a pretty good looking faucet ... a bit tall , but the finish is nice and it works in both contemporary and traditional kitchens . However , that is where the `` good '' news about this faucet ends . Do n't be deceived by the price , as I was . What a mistake ! After purchasing and having an absolute expert contractor install it , it worked for a whopping 2 months before the plastic part of the spray head cracked and water started spraying everywhere . I contacted the seller through Amazon as the product was obviously defective and was still under warranty and I was promised a replacement part . We did n't receive it after 3 weeks and called . We were promised another . Again , we waiting a couple weeks and it was not received . We contacted the seller and they then told me that I needed to provide the specific part number for the replacement piece in question . After 6 weeks of waiting , this was the first time they told us this . After providing the part number , I was then told that I needed to contact the manufacturer myself and that it would be several more weeks before I could receive the part . I 've now had a broken faucet longer than I 've had a working one . Trust me , go with another product . This is not worth the headache that I 'm sure will ensue if you purchase it .
 I would NOT recommend this item ! It was described as brass . Most of it is brass , but the most important part , the nozzle , is cheap plastic . It looks like cheap plastic too . I had to call the company three times for a replacement nozzle right from the start because the underside was cracked and it sprayed all out the sides . Their customer service was hassle free , I will give them that , but I am rating the product . The nozzle does not swivel around either , so you have to pull it out and it is hard to push back in . The ONLY reason I bough this is because it was the only black kitchen faucet I could find , there were a few others , but this was the best looking . What a let down . I really expected more because it was rated so high . If the company replaces the nozzle with a brass one , this would be great ! What were they thinking ? It ruins the whole faucet ! I give it a one star ! Sorry Danze , Improve your product !
 First off I have to say that for the past 3 faucet purchases I have purchased a Danze faucet and have LOVED them ! My Mom even purchased one for her house because she liked mine so much . So having said that I was so excited to get my newest Danze for my newest house . It is beautiful ! I love the lines of this faucet but I just think it was poorly designed . Besides it being a good bit bigger than I expected - even neighbors walked in and said - `` Big Faucet '' ! - The faucet does n't reach far enough into the sink so the water stream is n't even close to the middle of the sink . If you are washing something too high up then you have major splash on your counter/faucet area . We have gone back to the store to do a little more research and found that other models direct the water stream a little more towards the middle of the sink with a certain tilt of the faucet head . Then when you pull out the faucet and then want to put it back in place it does n't fit back smoothly . You almost have to push it back in place . The other Opulence pull OUT faucet always seemed to spring back into place for me -LRB- last 3 faucets I owned -RRB- . If I could I would exchange this faucet for another .
 Danze D454557SS Opulence Stainless Steel One Handle Pull-Down Kitchen FaucetWe bought this faucet last year at The Great Indoors . I installed it on our kitchen sink , but removed and returned it for a refund after 3 days . The faucet and spray mechanism worked perfectly . Unfortunately , the spray head 's cheap-looking nylon hose was too short to reach anywhere near the bottom of our 10 '' deep double sink , which was very frustrating . In addition , the 1 lb . brass counterweight clamped to that hose -LRB- needed to pull the hose back into the faucet -RRB- hung up on the faucet bottom under the sink if the hose was pulled out `` too far '' . You 'd then have to push the hose back into the faucet with both hands , otherwise the hose would bend . More frustration . The final straw was that it was difficult to get the spray head to stay put in the faucet body , without `` dangling '' loose just a tad . Although not a show-stopper , the Danze was also more difficult to install than it should have been , because its input water feeds are too short to clear a 10 '' sink bottom , and the method to connect the hose to the bottom of the faucet was not well designed ; i.e. , it looked like it would eventually leak . We replaced the Danze with a Grohe satin Europlus II , which my wife loves .
 I bought this based on the price and the fact that I needed to remove my mower blades to sharpen them . Maybe the bar I received was an anomaly but it lasted all of about 4 bolts and promptly broke at the head . I am certainly not a he-man by any means so I was quite surprised . Shame on me for trying to save a buck . I am buying a name brand replacement . Buyer beware .
 This product is only good enough for small projects like cutting 22ga sheet metal.For something bigger it really sucks . In fact , the first day of use it was falling apart . All the screws were coming off and it needed constant lubrication to cut every 10 inches .
 The description and sizing is not explicit enough to guage whether or not it will fit . One of few items I have ever gotten from Amazon that I was so disappointed in .
 We exchanged this for a similar one we 'd had for about 7 Years . My wife hates it and says is 's slower than the old one which we thought was blunt .
 I was excited about the sound baffle and the other reviews and although I knew I was taking a risk , I did n't think garbage disposals were so different . I mean , how they heck to the fit in the sink if they come in different sizes ? Well I do n't know , but this super baffle thingy did n't fit in mine and GE does n't have something similar . Bummer .
 I bought a new insinkerator , but the contents were n't listed . I followed the `` customers also buy '' and bought this and the flange - they 're both included in a new insinkerator so I needed to pay to return them .
 I got one of these at a local store because it looks very nice -LRB- also bought one in a nickel hinge finish -RRB- . They are cheaply made , though . The bolts holding the seat to the toilet do not stay tight , so expect to have to get down and tighten them regularly . Eventually the mdf can not handle all of the shifting due to the bolt problem , so it starts disintigrating where the hinges are screwed into the seat . At this point you will need to purchase a new toilet seat -LRB- I even tried to use wood glue to keep them in place , but that only worked for a bit -RRB- . Also , heavy duty bathroom cleaners stain the finish , ruining a once-beautiful seat .
 If you are looking for the dark brown commonly referred to as oil-rubbed bronze to be the hinge color of this seat you will be disappointed . I converted my house over to oil rubbed bronze and I will say this is a far cry from the color most would consider oil-rubbed bronze . I would describe the color more of an antique bronze as it is very light in shade . For all other intent and purposes it functions as it should and there are no quality issues .
 I had to return this product . It was not the size it claimed to be and the hinges were flimsy .
 Because the bolts holding the seat to the toilet do not stay tight , if you do not tighten them regularly the seat cracks . Amazon replaced the first one after itCracked in 4 days , but the second one also cracked shortly after getting it because we did n't tighten it up every other day .
 Even though this looked exactly like the handle that needed to be replaced it was not ! The underside was totally different and it did n't fit . I returned it for a refund without problem .
 This is NOT a Moen part and the one I received does not match the picture . It also cracked when trying to install it on the ` NOT Moen ' replacement cartridge I purchased at the same time . Returning them both .
 The part I received does NOT appear to be a genuine Moen part as described . It came with no Moen packaging and does not have the Moen logo on the face . It is apparently an imported knock-off . It is , however , functional.For those complaining about the handles breaking frequently , you need to replace the cartridge -LRB- inner workings -RRB- of the valve . The old one is probably not turning easily enough . It worked for me .
 I have to replace these every year . Buy at least two per bathroom . Twice at much at our Home Depot so buy on line.If the diverter components go , I will be sure and NOT buy any Moen product to replace it . No other way to fight back.Product number on the plastic handle itself is different from store package code , as mentioned already . I spent a lot of wasted time searching the stamped part number in the piece .
 This seems to be engineered to guarantee repeat customers . The handle breaks internally after several months use . I 've had to replace 3 of them for new installations . Purchased 3 to have one spare .
 For the life of me I can not understand why a part under as much stress as this one is made to be cheap plastic . I guess it 's some kind of planned obsolescence where they get to make a steady stream of income on people coming back for more of the same . It reminds me of the old 70 's domestic cars where if it was n't the door handle breaking , then it was the window handle ... you get the idea.After going through two of these plastic not-so-fantastics in less than 6 months -LRB- the original and it 's replacement -RRB- , I decided to not be fooled again on replacement number 3 and searched for a better way . I found it ; no modifications , no extra hardware or adapters needed . Just a solid , robust , not-plastic solution.I strongly recommend instead you try this metal handle , the Danco 80004 . It is specifically designed for the Moen single handle tubs and showers -LRB- without the push button diverter , although I think they have a separate solution for that too -RRB- . It contains all the adapters you need so you do n't need to buy anything else . There is no plastic anything in this Danco kit , from the handles to adapters . It 's a few extra steps to install which will take you a couple more minutes but believe me , it 's worth it . I found mine at that big national orange hardware `` depot '' but it 's also available here at Amazon.Danco 80004 Single Metal Handle For Moen
 I had a 100710 knob on my shower that broke . I ordered a replacement , put it on , and it broke after I turned it twice . The plastic is not strong enough to turn the stem .
 As many others here have noted , these plastic handles do not last . The Moen part 100710 -LRB- stamped 96997 on the handle -RRB- break fairly easily . After replacing several , I switched to a different handle . There are many Moen Posi-Temp handles that can be used in place of the 100710 . Moen 's web site has exploded parts views for many different models of Posi-Temp tub and shower faucets . I chose the Chateau chrome handle -LRB- part # 100657 -RRB- . Very simple and comes with the adapter and screws needed to install on the existing faucet . Found an online dealer that with shipping , is only a few dollars more than the 100710 price . Available here at Amazon -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . Save yourself some headaches and switch to something better .
 I have two tub/showers with this fixture . I probably replace this knob at least once or twice a year . The inside plastic ring breaks easily . Once broken you can not fully shut off the water flow without removing the knob and turning the brass water flow valve with a pair of pliers.Good thing they are easy to replace.But buy several to have on hand . I have 5 extras right now . Giving a low rating because of quality of knob
 As others have said , this handle breaks often . I had the guy at our local hardware store search his book to see if there was any type of metal replacement that would fit . No such luck.Moen is raking in the bucks on replacement handles .
 as you have all figured out by now , this handle is garbage . Moen should be embarrassed for making it . I bought a 1/2 '' copper pipe -LRB- it 's about an inch long -RRB- for a buck at a local hardware . I think it 's called a coupling pipe . It fits over the part that always breaks to support the plastic -LRB- I glued it on since it 's not an exact fit -RRB- . I do n't know if it 'll last forever , but it 's better than buying a sixth handle .
 After countless hours of hand-cramping manual caulking of baseboards , crown moulding and door trim , I decided to purchase this Drill Mate as a hopeful powered alternative short of a dedicated electric caulk gun . This product did not live up to my expectations.Positives :1 . The injected molded plastic parts do help to keep the overall weight down .2 . It does perform the main function as advertised ; spare hand cramping from manual caulking.Negatives :1 . The overall weight with a full tube of 10 oz . caulk and a full sized portable drill makes the assembly unwieldingly big . I have an easier time man handling my cordless 15 gauge nail gun .2 . There appears to be no `` no-drip '' feature . As soon as I stop the drill , it will continue to push anywhere from a few inches to nearly a foot of caulk . Some of you may think this is a result of running the drill a bit faster than I should have for the application . However , even purposely only pushing through an inch of caulk at the slowest speed and stopping , it will continue to push through another half inch . The only time it would stop is if I ran the drill backwards ; something the manual specifically recommends NOT to do .3 . The clamping mechanism for the drill body is a tad too short for my run of the mill Dewalt 9.6 volt drill . Only half the clamp will clear the chuck before I run out of travel on the clamp . The portion that does grab my drill only grabs the torque adjustor . So as I 'm handling the full assembly , it 's very easy to accidently rotate the whole drill relative to the Drill Mate and change the torque setting.Conclusion
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 The very first time I attempted to use this staple gun , which was to staple a few spots on a strand of Christmas lights to hold them to a wooden fence , the spring mechanism that feeds the staples exploded out of the gun and was lost somewhere in my yard . I am unable to find it to see if I can even put it back together . It may have been a fluke accident or something , but I am not impressed and will likely not be purchasing another Stanley staple gun .
 I purchased this based on the amazing reviews on here . I opened it up and followed the directions carefully but the staples would not fit into the staple gun ! So frustrating ! I had to make a trip to walmart to purchase another made by the same brand . I feel like I received a defective product .
 really flimsey and cheaply made . you 're almost better off using an opened desktop stapler ... doh!get the bigger version : -LRB-
 I do n't recommend this product for a very simple reason . It does n't work . You can put the staples in the staple gun but it staples absolutely nothing .
 This came knocked down in a box , missing two knobs and any coherent instructions . Lots of shims and washers that may go somewhere , but its not at all clear except from a basic knowledge of infeed/outfeed . The Rousseau plate has been reviewed elsewhere , its as hard to work with as noted with the snap in rings and the difficulty in mounting your router.Update
 First the good : This table has a nice solid top with a full sized miter slot.The bad : Having said that , the fit and finish are very poor . The leg mechanism is held to the table with lag bolts , which is no problem . However , these were placed incorrectly and the bolts went in at an angle of approximately 25 degrees which IS a problem . rather than correct the problem , whoever assembled the leg set just bent parts to make them fit . this is almost criminal because the leg set is very solid and stable.And of course , The ugly : The fence is very heavy , which is a good thing . unfortunately , whoever assembled the thing must have been related to whoever applied the finish to the fence . It 's the ugliest paint job I have ever seen , well since that time saw a car that had been painted with housepaint and a brush!The end result is that I built a cabinet and a fence for the top . So I ended up with a decent setup after all , but should I have had to ?
 Wagner C575 concrete moisture meter is not for check concrete surface moisture level in a coating project .
 These glasses are awful . The entire frame is so bendy that it has trouble keeping shape . The glasses are way too big for my head and there is no way to tighten . If I shake my head they come flying off . Because of how flexible these are , you ca n't do anything about it . They just feel cheep and honestly they look that way too . Disappointed !
 glasses were too big for my head , & I have a big head.lenses are NOT blue , they are a blue mirror tint coating . actually more of a smoke color .
 I have an average size head , if not a little on the large side . These glasses either slip or fall off every time I am looking down to work on something . They are fine for someone that just wants to wear them as glasses , but for people who are actually using them on the job , I would definitely not reccomend . Anytime you have to look down , they will fall off .
 Just a heads-up for anyone looking for noise cancellation . These are padded earmuffs that reduce noise . The same as if you wrapped a pillow around your head . There is no cancellation involved , and labeling these as a `` Noise Canceling Earmuff '' is misleading . If you are looking for actual noise canceling , look elsewhere .
 For the price these are decent ear protection earmuffs . They in no way `` Noise Canceling '' and `` Professional ... '' is a gross exaggeration .
 I work in an office and I bought when there was construction in the adjacent lot - they where pounding supports into the ground . It did n't eliminate the noise but made it more bearable . It did the same for office conversation . We have a loud talker in the group . I can still make out every word but it makes things better.They are a good deal for the price but do n't eliminate noise .
 I know that plastic earmuffs are big , but WOW ! these practically double the width of my head ! I originally bought them because I wanted to wear them on the subway over my ear buds , so that way I would n't hear the subway noise and would n't need to turn my music volume up as loud . Nope . Not only did I look absolutely rediculous wearing these , I could still hear a lot of things on the subway . Yes everything was much duller to hear , but the fact that for the size , they could n't block out even conversations being had near me makes this not worth the money . Now they 're hanging up in storage . However I 'm sure they 'll work just fine for a more practical use , such as protecting your ears on a construction site .
 The product description is total deception . Noise cancellation requires an electronic or mechanical negative feedback system , which these earmuffs do not have . These are nothing more than noise reducing ear muffs .
 Honestly , I do n't know jack about hearing protectors , so I 'm not going to say whether this is a good product or not , HOWEVER , what I do know is that they did a horrible job of insuring it arrived safely . This product was shipped to me in the original flimsy box and nothing else . The box was not placed inside a sturdy shipping box , nor was there any bubble wrap , packing peanuts , styrofoam , or any other protective packaging to minimalize the possiblity of recieving a broken product . The box I received was torn and in terrible shape . I sent it right back to them just the way it was sent to me . The postman looked at me funny . . Like I care .
 The huge number of positive reviews of this product convinced me to buy these , but I returned them because they 're extremely uncomfortable and they do n't block sound very well . They are heavy and the band presses the top of your head so hard that my head hurt in that spot for hours after I had them on and I was only just trying them on for a couple of minutes . I adjusted them but to no improvement.For all this discomfort they do n't even block much sound . I turned the TV volume up and then put them on and I could still hear the TV sound pretty clearly -LRB- and I have an older TV , not a fancy new surround sound system -RRB- . I was tricked by the hundreds of rave reviews -- my time was wasted buying these .
 When I received this package , the prodct is broken and dirty , and it looks like a used product.The earmuff is too tight to wear for a long time .
 i was going to buy it but it says : California Proposition 65Attention California Residents : California 's Proposition 65 entitles California consumers to special warnings for products that contain chemicals known to the state of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm if those products expose consumers to such chemicals above certain threshold levels . We care about our customers ' safety and hope that the information below helps with your buying decisions.The general Proposition 65 notice is as follows : WARNING
 The hearing protector itself does work very well . The issuethat I do have is that the item description when I ordered thethe earmuff protectors does not match what I received . Do n't knowif this is a problem with the company selling the item listing itincorrectly or whether it was a problem with the Amazon web pagepointing to another item . At any rate what I ordered is not whatI recieved . The item I ordered listed earmuffs which were alsoheadphones with a radio and the ability to connect an externalsource to the headphones . What I received was simply hearing protection . This is NOT WHAT I WANTED . I would have been happyto pay more for what I wanted , just as long as I received whatI ordered . My concern was not the price , it was the function .
 It can block noises , but it is heavy . You can not expect to fall asleep with wearing it .
 This headset does not fit a larger head and has poor ventilation.I dropped them to the ground and they fell apart , not good for a product supposed to be of good quality.When working outdoors with noisy equipment you expect a product like this to be able to endure tough treatment.This headset clerly does not live up to the simplest standard .
 One of the reviewers said these were effective at blocking out annoying office noise , or neighborhood noise . Not true . Even when you follow the instructions -LRB- i.e. , avoid glasses , hair , and anything intrusive under the padding -RRB- , they still let in noise . These are probably appropriate for machinery and sounds in a certain decibel range , but not for reducing office or noisy neighbor noise .
 These work to block out sound , but they 're incredible uncomfortable to wear . I suppose for a small man , a woman , or a child , they may work , but a normal adult male , say anything around 6 feet or bigger , I 'd stay away . They barely clear the crown of my head , and end up crushing my normal sized ears . Making them uncomfortable to wear for long periods , which kinda defeats the point.The ear pieces need to be about half an inch bigger , and the top strap needs to be adjustible . Cheap headphones from a 1980s walkman had adjustable straps , this does n't ?
 I could tell that they would be great in the range , yet I never made it with them . As soon as I wore them around the house to get adjusted to them ; I came down with a headache and nauseous feeling . It squeezed my head so much that it would be unsafe for me to use at a shooting range . I returned them since they would not be useful to me . Not to mention , they are huge ! I am looking for an alternative earmuff , so right now I will be sticking with my Radians Remington earmuffsRadians Remington Womens Eye and Ear Protection Combo Packsince they are at least more comfortable wearing at the range .
 These headphones are heavy and non adjustable so the band at times can put pressure on your head and cause headaches . I can not use mine for long periods of time because of this pressure / headache issue . I suggest getting a different pair with an adjustable band . I favor -LRB- and consistently use -RRB- the AO Safety `` Economy '' or sometimes called `` Basic '' earmuff for its adjustable headband . This other style can be purchased on Amazon or at local hardware stores .
 Purchased for purpose of ELIMINATING low frequency sound pressure/vibration from apartment neighbors , i.e. as in improving reading/relaxing environment . Hoped that product would create vacuum seal about the ears . Sound is reduced , but disappointed that I can still hear low freq vibration/sounds ; in fact while wearing the product , low-freq sound vibrations seem to be clarified/intensified . Do n't doubt product claims to protect ears from LOUD volume sounds , but that was not my main goal . The product presses on nerves of face , and around ear , so wearing time is limited , as soreness results after about 45 minutes .
 I bought this product because I sometimes want to concentrate on my work in the lab but there are other people chatting loud . However I found this earmuff not an idea product for this purpose . I guess it works to filter out most of the high frequency noises -LRB- background noises from cars , machines and other things -RRB- but did n't do well in the range of human talking -- it only decreases the volumn . Effectively this is making the human voice even more obvious since now the background sound is lowered . It may still be good if you want to filter out machine noise in working conditions , which I did n't test .
 This does not easily adjust to an adult size head , maybe you could wrestle it into something that feels comfortable but I did n't want to bend it out of shape . The earmuff itself is too small for my ear or something , not comfortable . I was disappointed in the quality of sound filter . I can clearly hear everything people are saying to me in low/normal voices with only a slight muffle - almost could hold my hand over my ears for the same effect . My husbands head is even bigger than mine , not even gon na try that . Returned them all . Price was good and shipping was good too . Too bad .
 You ca n't tell from the photos because there 's no other object to give perspective , but these things are HUGE . Especially in the width of the ear cups . I mean , these things extending out more than you would ever imagine . It draws attention as if you have antlers . But even if I was n't concerned about appearance , I would not wear them because they are so width that they become a safety hazard by catching on nearby objects . Also heavier than I would like . I ca n't see these being practical in any situation . Get the yellow ones instead .
 We received the cutter -LRB- reman -RRB- and we STILL have n't got it to work . We understand that it ca n't be returned , but instead , must be sent off to a service center . We 've had it 30 days and its never worked yet , and we 're faced with sending it off . Who knows if it will ever work . We 're DISSATISFIED .
 Pro
 worse welder i ever used ... do not buy ... go with the ac model.it works well . i have never been more dissappointed with a hobart like this before ... thats why they stopped making it
 I bought the Milwaukee 1-3/4 HP fixed speed router when it first came out and could not be more impressed with the performance and ease of use . I needed a variable speed router and was excited that Milwaukee came out with the 2-1/4 HP EVS . I was very disappointed with this router . I do n't know if I got a lemon or if there is a flaw . I bought the router in July of '03 and it has been in the repair shop twice to replace the switch . Each time I had only a few hours -LRB- I think less than 5 -RRB- of actual usage before it stopped working . I have not used it since Dec. when I had it repaired for the second time and quite fankly I am not looking forward to using it since I am expecting it to quit again.Also , the motor is tight in the body housing . When I adjust the height the motor binds , then lurches free . After this the adjustment is easier but it happens each and every time I need to change the height . I think this is a problem in the housing rather than the threaded screw . When I put my 1-3/4 motor in this housing the same thing happens.This was supposed to the router dedicated to my router table . Because of the above problems it has spent little time there . If it craps out a third time then it is going in the trash . It 's nice to have the 5 year warranty but I do n't want to be visiting the repair shop every 2 or 3 months .
 The higher horsepower is definitely welcome in this body-grip router compared to the 13/4 hp Milwaukee routers that we 've been using . But the electronic variable speed control has an overload cutout feature that is a royal pain . You ca n't load it much at all until it shuts down and must be restarted . It invalidates the extra power . Milwaukee says it 's by design and normal . I 'd stick with the 13/4 hp that actually stays running .
 I bought the 5616 in August ' 03 . I was initially impressed with the power -LRB- easily turned panel raising bits -RRB- , the Bodygrip design is far superior to any other handles , and the variable speed option is a must.Like another reviewer however , my router stopped working after a few months of weekend projects . It was repaired under warranty but it took the repair shop nearly a month to get it fixed . They had to replace the brushes , speed control , and just about everything else inside except the motor windings and case.After just a few minutes of light use since the repair -LRB- 3/16 '' beading bit on about 12 feet of oak -RRB- , it quit again . This time I sent it to the Milwaukee Factory Service Center . Again , they replaced about a dozen parts in the motor . It took about three weeks to get it back .11 Dec 04 . It quit again . Yeah , Merry Christmas to me . Looks like I 'll be getting myself a new router for Christmas . This one will go back for warranty repairs again just because I hate throwing things away.Like another reviewer said , the 5 year warranty is nice but it really is n't worth having , since the router is in the shop for a month at least once per project.So , I just thought I 'd add my review after a few more years of use . After another warranty repair it finally works . The only remaining complaint I have is that there 's play in the shaft . The bit is able to move up and down ever so slightly , leaving small chatter marks . Easily sanded out but annoying .
 $ 389 planer stand with instructions written by a 2 year old ! Huge fail , even worse , I purchased this for my Makita planer hoping to get a stand that I could level out the extendable arms even with my planer , no such luck with this stand ... the problem is the cross braces do n't fit into the bottom hole of the top frame like the instructions say , as a result you are UNABLE to get the top shelf any lower than the 4th hole down , which does n't give you enough of a drop to even up the extendable arms with most planers ... This was the reason I purchased the stand , so I warn anyone else to AVOID purchasing this stand until the manufacturer spends some R&D ; money on fixing this glaring error , and rewriting their assembly instructions .
 The router works great when it works , but there seems to be some design problem with the soft-start switch or circuitry . Mine died after less than 8 hours of use . I opened it up and cleaned the dust out of the switch , which gave me another 2 hours of use before it died again . Cleaning did n't fix it , so I took it in for repair , which Milwaukee paid for . The guy at the shop told me it was a common problem with this model.Since being repaired , I 've used it maybe 15-20 hours , and now it 's died again -LRB- same problem with the switch -RRB- . I do n't know if Milwaukee will pay to fix it again , but even if they do , it takes a week to get it fixed . I do n't use a router that often , but when I need one it does n't do much good not to have it until a week later .
 There are better routers out there as well as more powerful ones for about 2x the price . For my work I do n't need a 3 Hp behemoth as I am not going to do panel raising or cut multiple fingers in Lignum vit or Osage Orange . Some time in the future I will buy aFestool OF 1400 EQ Routeras I have theFestool 491498 55 '' Guide Rail FS 1400 -LRB- 1400mm -RRB- and extensions for my TS55 saws . I will then put the 5616 in my router table permanently to replace a so soSkil 1820 2-HP Plunge Router with Site Light.The Good : Plenty of power , it does a much much better job of routing hard maple than my skill does.Can route dove tails in Osage Orange -- the Skill gives up on that.Variable speed.Can adjust the height from above the table with a standard 3/8 socket as well as the supplied T handle wrench.Works in several good lifts like the woodpecker -LRB- double check compatibility though -RRB- . The body grip is great and easier than a D handle.Soft start is helpful.The Bad : Apparently about to be discontinued?Without something like theCMT 796.001.00 Router Collet Extension 1/2-Inchbit change above the table will not happen.The dust collector and accessories are only available as part of theMilwaukee 5616-24 2 - - Max-Horsepower EVS Multi-Base Router Kit Includes Plunge Base and BodyGrip Fixed BaseThe same applies if you think that you will want the plunge base.Soft start is not very.The Ugly : TheMilwaukee 48-55-5615 BodyGrip Router Carrying Caseis expensive without much storage and butt ugly.You have to unclamp the body lock to use the height adjuster.Overall only good bang for the buck if you do n't need more power and are using it in a table , otherwise you need the kit to make it useful.I lowered my rating to 21/2 stars as commonly needed accessories like the edge guide and dust collection are unavailable -LRB- except in the kit -RRB- and it appears to be discontinued ; which reduces the usability and likely longevity of this router.BTW the big 3 + Hp routers will take a 20A circuit in most cases -- particularly if you use an auto start dust collector like the Fein or Festool .
 I bought this router from Amazon . I had it for 1 year , with only about 10 hr of use . 4 weeks ago , while routing pine , it suddenly died . A power reset did n't fix it . It appeared to me that the bearings had seized . Most of my tools are Milwaukee because they are strong , powerful and made in the USA . This shocked me . Now I 'm getting the run around getting it fixed . It 's been 3 weeks at at the Milwaukee repair depot and I ca n't finish my project . And to make matters worse , no one can tell me what is wrong with it . I think it 's time to buy Chinese made tools .
 The description clearly claims this product fits a Honeywell F50F and F300 electronic air cleaners.Honeywell makes two different sizes and the packaging on both are identical , &#34; fits F50F and F300 &#34; . I did not know this when I ordered and received the wrong size . A 16X 25 is part number 50000293-002 and 12.5 X20 is part number 50000293-004 . The seller does not make this distinction for ordering - just it fits Honeywell F50F and F300 . I asked for a return authorization and was given authorization - the problem is I paid shipping both ways for a lack of description on the item .
 Product arrived on time . However , it was the wrong part number . The problem was not with the supplier . Honeywell provided the wrong part number used in the order . The supplier completely refunded full price less freight in both directions .
 I love the air filter unit , but the 3 pocket filter that captures the 1 micron stuff fills fast -LRB- better than in my lungs I know -RRB- but it is expensive to replace . The electrostatic filter , if you need one , can be found elsewhere for 15 bucks and not $ 50 so shop around ! My other complaint about the unit is that you have to do some rigging to make it hang from the joists but it can be done . Be careful not to bend up the box when doing so though !
 I received the purifier in its original box . Upon closer inspection , I discovered that the control panel had a crack through it and that the case was slightly compressed . This made filter removal and replacement very difficult -LRB- understatement -RRB- ! I notified Amazon and they were great about sending another one out right away . The second one arrived in a reasonably pristine box . No cracks this time , but I noticed that the fan seemed to be sitting at a wierd angle . The machine would not run . My UPS service is usually pretty good so I have to wonder how sturdy the product is . The other thing I learned is that the CFM rating published can be deceptive as it depends on whether the filters are in place for the testing . The Delta numbers looked extremely good against the comparable JDS product and I suspect this is because of the filter issue . So ... I ordered a JDS !
 The remote control died after less than one year of limited usage and it 's been 9 months of telephone calls with everyone in the USA connected with Delta , no one can tell me where to buy a new remote . Will never buy another Delta product
 I was really excited to get this but it arrived defective . The box was fine . No dings from UPS but the fan was out of kilter and rubbed the side of the housing . My carpenter tried to fix it but it was too far gone to address . Delta seems to really have some quality issues . I put into amazon for a relplacement and will try one more time . I really like the concept but I need the unit to work . The replacement process with amazon was very easy to do online .
 The design and features of this air cleaner are the reason that I ordered this unit for my shop . The quality control needs some help though . The first unit I received had a broken circuit breaker , even though the packaging was not damaged . I sent this unit back for a replacement , which I received in just a few days . The second unit was bad also . The squirrel cage fan was bent so badly -LRB- about 1/2 '' to 3/4 '' lateral runout -RRB- the unit jumped up and down on the bench the first time I turned it on ! I 'm sending this one back also . I called the Amazon.com help line and talked to a person that I could barely understand and was told they would n't send me another replacement . I went to the website and found the `` Return Policy '' . It does n't say anything about a limit on returns , so I requested another unit . Who knows , maybe the third time is a charm .
 The fan was bent so it rubbed as soon as I turned it on . It was obvious it was out of alignment by 1/2 '' . Called the manufacturer to find a service center . The service center informed my that Delta had been purchased by a Chinese company and they could n't stock parts . They had to order from a centralized parts depot which would take a week to arrive . Still waiting to try it .
 This product worked great right up until the motor burned up in it after only a couple months and I am far from an everyday or heavy user . It started tripping the internal thermal breaker and I could clearly smell the burnt windings in the motor . I believe somone else also had a similar problem with it . Save yourself the aggrivation and buy the Jet .
 While this item was delivered as promised , it turned out to be quite a project to assemble . The extra cost of the MDF notwithstanding , I would not buy this stand kit again and would not recommend it . The reason is that the materials used , the sheet metal and screws , are of the most remedial quality and are designed to the absolute minimum functional requirements . What has been sacrificed is product safety and any semblence of ease of use and ease of handling . It will take some time to assemble this item , and it is quite frustrating . The holes do not line up properly , the screws are made of the softest steel and there are sharp edges everywhere on this heavy kit , making the handling of the parts prone to * injury * . The location of the bolts does not take into consideration any ergonomy of hands , fingers , wrists and human eyeballs . It is unfathomable , why certain very simple improvements to the design have not been made , like making the four corner members out of aluminium , which might have cost $ 0.20 more . Seriously , this thing appears to be made from about $ 5 of materials in total . Neither is it particularly stable , either .
 The assembly of this monster was frustrating at best . I can not remember cursing this much at the design of something , since . . well ... since the attempted pairing of a Maxtor Sata 300Gb II HD and an vVidia nForce4 chipset -LRB- another story , another time ! -RRB- The simple fact that this product will be incorporated into a machine that MUST cut square , necessitates that there must be some built-in assembly feature to insure this . Unfortunately , there is no such feature ... You must figure this out on your own!Needless to say , I had to do a bunch of customizing , to make this work as it is advertised.If you like to dink around with projects , this is perfect for you!However , if you want a portable table for your cutoff/chop saw , that is easy and fast to assemble ... look elsewhere !
 I purchased 5 of these items to replace a lost garage door opener in a condo building . They would not work 95 % of the time . I would have to get out of my car and walk up to the receiver before the door would respond -- sometimes it would not work at all . All of the openers would act similarly . I 'm not pleased .
 The title does not match the photo or part of the description . I bought another brand
 Spoke to Tech Support . There is no Hush Button on this Photoelectric model -LRB- and the Test Button does not act in this regard either -RRB- . Go with the BRK / First Alert , Model 7010B , which has the Silence Feature -LRB- for up to 15 minutes -RRB- . Options I was looking for : Photoelectric - This is better than Ionization , in my case , where the alarm is just outside of a bathroom - where steam can set it off -LRB- I 'm replacing an AC only , Ionization . Photoelectric is less sensitive to steam -RRB- . Disposing of Photoelectric detectors after 10 years is also more environmentally friendly . They do not contain americium-241 , which is under the positive plate of the Ionization chamber.AC powered with 9V battery backup - The most desirable to haveHush Button - The 9V battery backup will keep the alarm going , even if you cut power at the circuit breaker box - Need to be able to silence a false alarm , without having to remove the battery .
 I have 4 of these installed in our home and they are driving me crazy ! We keep getting false alarms . No way to silence them unless the unit is removed . We 've dried blowing them out with air hoping that will help we are still getting false alarms . Very annoying . No reason for the false alarms !
 My house uses 6 of these devices . About 5 years ago at 4:30 in the morning on Thanksgiving the smoke detector alarm went off . I got up and smelled what seemed like an electrical fire . I dashed around the house and when I could n't find what made the smell I called the fire dept. While waiting for them to arrive I unplugged all of the detectors since this is the only way to get the alarm to stop . One of the smoke detectors was the source of the electrical fire smell . Something had fried inside the detector . When the fire dept arrived I gave them the detector and their comment was they had never before seen a smoke detector mal-function like this . Imagine having to call the fire dept because of a faulty smoke detector . Anyway if this was a one off incident I would n't be writing this review . The same thing happened again a couple of weeks ago . The same model smoke detector fried and set off all of them . No fire dept. call this time though .
 my house was built in 1994 and came with LiveSaver 1275 smoke alarms . recently i needed to replace one and went to my local Loews and found what looked like the same thing . it ended up being the Kiddie PE120 . everything was fine until they went off one day . i went to push the `` Hush '' button and it would n't push . in fact it felt like it was stuck on the `` IN '' position . i pulled it from the ceiling and was trying to hush it and finally threw it on the floor as hard as i could . i found that this is the only way to activate the `` emergency user hush button '' since the manufacturer decided to not make this model with a factory installed `` hush button '' . unfortunately the `` emergency user hush button '' can only be used once , and if you need to ask why then you will just have to try it and see for your self.NOTE
 I have 7 of these networked together . If one is triggered by smoke from the kitchen , they all go off , and there is no way to silence them . This is really bad design . I would never buy this model again .
 Honest . . I wanted to love this smoke detector . After all , I paid double for it over all the other detectors in the house to cut down on false alarms near the kitchen . But , alas , sometimes things do n't work out the way we 'd hoped . This dectector has had multiple cooking false alarms when the rest in the house -LRB- also Kidde -RRB- have not . Okay , I thought I could still use it by moving it away from the kitchen and swapping it with one like all the others in the house . Wrong ... 1am , alarms go off , ok . . where 's the fire . Oh , it 's the stupid alarm going off for no apparent reason . So , I happen to have a spare -LRB- model i12060 . . these are great ! -RRB- . . replaced it in 5 minutes thanks to Kidde 's generally good designs , and I 'm back off to bed , thankfully without having a fire to deal with . Sorry , PE120 . . it just was n't meant to be .
 My landloard replaced my smoke alarm with this model . He had a hard time getting the unit to stop chirping after he installed the battery and hooked it up to the electricity . He finally got it stopped . But the alarm has been chirping , on and off , like there was a problem with the battery again . Not a fan of this unit or the fact that it does n't have a hush button .
 Kiddie PE120 manufactured June 3 , 2010 . This thing makes its own fires . Worked fine for about 1 year . Now the battery is shorted by an internal component failure , gets very hot rapidly and if allowed to continue would have set my house on fire if it had n't happened to fail while I was home . Fortunately my other smoke alarms -LRB- BRK -RRB- were triggered by this POS . Really guys , you could n't engineer a non-flamable fusible resistor in series with the battery ? A recall is needed .
 Warning
 So , day two of false alarms from my seven Kidde Smoke Alarm Model PE120 . Two nights ago at 0400 the smoke alarms went off . Since this model does n't have a ` hush ' button , one must go to each smoke alarm -LRB- using a ladder -RRB- and unplug the KIDDE Model PE120 Smoke Alarm . If the smoke alarm keeps going , you must now remove the battery . Hopefully this allows the remaining smoke alarms to reset - unless another smoke alarm keeps going , as was the case last night.Day two of false alarms from my KIDDE Model PE120 Smoke Alarm - first time it went off at 11 PM after I had fallen asleep and again at 0400 . I had replaced all of the batteries the previous night.Why does the KIDDE PE120 Smoke Alarm ONLY go off FALSELY at night ????? I 'm going to clean all of the smoke alarms again.My advice , if you have another choice besides the KIDDE Model PE120 Smoke Alarm - BUY IT INSTEAD ! You wo n't have to wake up in the wee hours of the morning to screaming smoke alarms with FALSE ALARMS!I have had these smoke alarms for five years with severeal false alarms - but three FALSE alarms in two days !?!? Problems , problems , problems .
 I have 5 other Kidde detectors which are great . This one is terrible . It produces false alarms , has no hush button and is an old aging firex model which Kidde refuses to update . The problem is if you are interconneting these detectors you are out of luck if you need a photoelectric only model . This is kidde 's only model that is photo-electric only . They refuse to update it . I have called and sent emails but have not received a satisfactory response . To get a decent photoelectric model I will now have to switch all my detectors to BRK or First alert .
 A few months ago I replaced all the smoke detectors in my house with new Kidde ones
 Pros
 Our house was wired with Kidde ionizing smoke detectors , including in areas that require non-ionizing detectors , such as a garage . In order to retain compatibility with the existing Kidde ionizing detectors , I replaced one of them with one of their photoelectric alarms . Sure enough , after approximately one year , it went off in the middle of the night , along with all of the other smoke detectors on the circuit -- twice . The first time , it silenced itself before I could confirm which detector it was . A few hours later , it went off again . This time I was able to confirm it was the photoelectric detector and yanked it out.Since they always seem to fail during the night , I suspect the reviewer suggesting it is tiny bugs attracted to the light is correct . I guess a heat rise detector is the only safe alternative . If I ca n't find one compatible with the existing Kidde ionizing detectors , I will replace them all with a different brand . Kidde should either engineer these things so they are bug proof , or warn users about locating them in insect prone areas , such as garages .
 These go off in the middle if the night for no reason ! Do not buy these . These we included in the new house we bought and through the years they would just , go off . And they would go off in the middle if the night each time . I was told that these are 12 years old so the went off because they are ` old ' . So we replaced all of them ... well they worked fine for a year then at 1:30 am one night they went off in the middle of the night again ! This happened to be when my husband was out of town and scared me to death . So loud I did n't know what to do , had to figure it out fast because I was going deaf from the noise ! Had to get the ladder out and unplug each of them . After I unplugged four of them , they finally stopped going off ! Had the handyman come over the next day ... as he was handling one of the ones I took off . . it went off in his hands so he assumed that , was the bad one so he put the rest back in.Well would n't you know iit ... the next night same time I was in a nice deep sleep and thet went off again !!!!! I had to get the ladder out again and disconnect one of the ones form the night before and they stopped going off.This is extremely frightening when they go off for no reason.do not buy this brand . We 've been battling these alarms for years now . Horribly scary when the go off in the middle of the night for no reason and you have to unplug and then your not protected from a real fire ! Ridiculous !!!
 Just moved into our new home where 5 of these units were installed . Have has 2 false alarms , both at night . The first on scared the living you know what out of me , and the second was just annoying ! Have discovered that small bugs are attracted to the light and get inside , setting one off , causing ALL of them to go off ! I had to climb up and disconnect one by one until the right one was disabled . Not cool !
 I 've had this sink about 18 months . I do n't like the stainless steel sinks so I purchased this one . It stains very easily and is very difficult to keep clean looking . I really regret my decision and I 'm rethinking my position on stainless steel . Buy something else if you plan to use this sink like most folks use sinks . Mine already looks awful and I have a meticulous wife and a housekeeper .
 I bought this after seeing my brother 's new Irwin quick lock channel locks . The pair that I received was pretty shoddy in my opinion . The teeth are not square to each other , the slider is tight yet loose at the same time ... hard to explain.For $ 6 , it 's not a bad deal . But I expected a nicer product from Irwin . Maybe I just received a bad apple ? I would not buy again , and it 's not worth returning for $ 6 .
 Handle binding from the start . Required manually lifting the handle after each staple . After approximately 60 staples it stopped engaging staples . It would cycle but not fire a staple . Do not wast your money . Design and qquality are junk .
 AFTER JUST 3 MONTHS THIS PRODUCT BROKE , JUST BROKE ON ONE SIDE OF THE SEAT , CA N'T RETURN , DID N'T SAVE THE OLD TOILET SEAT ... HELP ME PLEASE
 It says it will fit a door up to 2 &#34; thick , but it only goes up to 1-3/8 &#34; just like every other knob .
 I was expecting that these were reading glasses but they are actually bifocals where the top part of the glass is `` regular '' glass and the reading part is just a small bi-focal part towards the bottom .
 UPDATE
 Purchasing the McCulloch Electric string trimmer was my first bad product experience for an item purcased through Amazon . This trimmer was defective out of the box . Was not even able to get it assembled because trimmer shaft and shaft to motor head would not connect . The bolt knob to tighten once together was also bent . I also purchased the Grass Gator 8010 Load N Cut Trimmer Head which on the site indicated it would fit the McCulloch Electric Trimmer . The Gator Head also will not fit this trimmer . I immediately returned all items on my order .
 I read the other reviews that talked about the `` disposable '' trimmer head and decided that I would buy this model anyway and replace the trimmer head . I 'd earlier owned a Ryobi electric trimmer -LRB- the 132R , I believe -RRB- and loved it for its power and the trimmer head that just worked . The Ryobi is no longer being made , so I ordered this model.Other reviewers wrote of being able to swap out the McCulloch head for a universal head of some sort , but the online literature made it REALLY hard to figure out what might work . Finally , I took the trimmer down to Lowe 's where a salesperson and I determined that the `` universal '' head stocked at Lowe 's will NOT work . I then went to Walmart , where we found that the Weed Warrior Universal Bump Trimmer Head WILL work with this trimmer . There 's no model number for this head , but the bar code on the back of the package is `` 15221 16750 '' . I think we might have needed an extra washer , but it assembled with relatively little pain . Looking at the package , I just noticed that it says on the back that it 's not for electric trimmers , but it 's been installed and works fine.Using the trimmer ... . It has good power and cuts well enough . The trimmer head from Walmart is adequate but not great , I turn it upside down , push the bump , and pull the cord out . Unlike the Ryobi , the McCulloch is not equipped with a blade on the trimmer guard to auto trim the string , so I have a pair of pliers with wire cutters in my pocket to trim the ends if necessary . I spent an hour or so last weekend trimming the yard and grass between bricks and doing some light edging . As the string wore down , the trimmer head spins faster , and at one point I noticed smoke coming from the bottom of the shaft -LRB- near the trimmer head -RRB- , as if the assembly was heating up and burning off the lubricant in the shaft . I let it cool down and went back to using it.Overall , it 's working , and while I 'm not pessimistic , I 'm not overly optimistic either . As mentioned in the review title , it 's been more trouble than it 's worth , and when the $ 20 cost of the trimmer head is added in , I 'd go elsewhere if I had it to do over.UPDATE : After three uses , the motor started smoking and a burnt smell -LRB- not the same place where it smoked earlier from the trimmer shaft -RRB- . I called McCulloch and was given the name of a local dealer that could handle the repair service . Problem is that the local dealer was a feed store that went out of business at least seven years ago and was torn down and rebuilt as an apartment block around five years ago . So I went to the McCulloch website and found a different local dealer in a neighboring city who could provide repair service , an ACE hardware store , and took it there -- the hardware store indicated that they have n't sold McCulloch products in years.SUMMARY : Three stars for the ridiculous cutter headMinus two stars for it burning upMinus one star for non-existent repair service from the dealers listed on the McCulloch websiteI 'd give it zero stars if I could .
 It broke after the first use . The motor is self-destructing ; plastic flies out the back when I pull the trigger . I was trying to find a brush cutter attachment that fit but was having trouble . But I guess it no longer matters since it 's broken.Of course my return window is long gone -LRB- 30 days ? -RRB- , and of course I did not keep the boxes it shipped in so returning it for even a partial refund would be a hassle . I am going to see if McCulloch will honor their one year warranty - I will update this review as I progress .
 The instructions say - DO NOT MOVE THE TRIMMER FROM SIDE TO SIDE , and I say , are they crazy ? What other body motion makes a practical use of such tool ; but that 's just the beginning of my problems . The motor was not strong enough , and you can feel it straining at times , also making an occasional clanking noise in the motor . And it really slows down when weeds get wound up above the cutting head , then you have to stop because the motor nearly stops . That happens way too often . Maybe the weeds are tougher here in Northern New Mexico , but I really do n't think so . Then , the worst of all - It has a newer type of line replacement system using 3 cut lengths of plastic line , which makes 6 cutting strands -LRB- nice concept , but poorly carried out -RRB- , as opposed to the coiled line type that you tap the ground for more line . At first you think it 's going to be easy when the head pops off pressing a button ; though it did n't come completely off so easily . Then the line , using the recommended thickness , it was an unnecessary tough task pushing the line in with a screwdriver into a narrow place , with even narrower corners having nearly two 90 degree turns for each of the three lines , which makes one `` U '' turn . After so many line replacements I can foresee the cheap plastic part that holds the 3 lines would not last too long after so much abuse . I really wonder if the engineers pretend to be a consumer and test these things out , even just replacing the line . It appears to me that they skipped that important step because it 's a pain in the ass ! And , if they have tested it , and let it pass , then they 're irresponsible and very poor designers . I also ordered an aftermarket cutting head sold on AMAZON which has a simpler line replacement design , but unfortunately that did not have the proper adapters for this McCulloch model , so I had to return that too.After some time working with the trimmer and writing the review above , I realized why the trimmer probably is struggling and feels sluggish , and why they recommend against swaying the tool from side to side . Above I noted the 6 lines doing the weed wacking , and on most trimmers , especially the earlier models , there was only one line extending . On the new after market trimmer heads they seem to be limiting the lines to just 2 . These 4 to 5 additional lines on the McCulloch unit has to put an additional strain -LRB- resistance -RRB- on the motor , and the motor obviously does not have the power to make up the difference ; and the side to side motion probably adds even more resistance , as it feeds too many weeds into the trimmer , much more than it can handle . McCulloch has to go back to the drawing board and rework this tool for better performance , and most definitely changing the way the cutting lines are re-installed .
 The cutting line is made up of 4 pieces , each about 9 '' long . Each are threaded through a central hub so that eight 3 '' lines stick out from under the weedeater . The hub spins & the lines cut the grass . When they break off they have to be replaced . The replacement is either to buy the line , and cut each piece & thread them through the hub or buy additional hubs . Since they break when they hit anything it would take forever to replace the line or be expensive to replace the hub.I returned it to Amazon who refunded my money without any problem.Would NOT recommend buying this unit !!
 This is the worst product I have ever bought on amazon , I wish I could return it , I have gotten rid of packaging material , the spool you get with this product is useless plan on going to depot and buying a replacement spool and spending a additional twenty dollars , thats what I did , I thought I had the problem solved , now when I use it , it smells like it 's burning , I should have listened to the other reviews .
 This is a poor design . I was excited to see 4 cutting strings , but in order to replace the lines you must take it apart and fit the strings into the little spaces . If they fit without using tools it might have been worth the time to replace them . Spend your money elsewhere .
 This item is described as on Amazon `` Compatible with LiftMaster Security + garage door openers -LRB- with orange learn button -RRB- and radio control receivers only . '' I ordered it and received it a month or so ago . Today I opened it to install . The instructions state very clearly `` For use with any 315 MHz Security garage door openers having a purple `` learn '' button . So I 'm very very unhappy . It was sold as compatible with orange button but in reality is compatible with purple . No use . Waste of money .
 I have a Craftsman 139.536 xxx garage door opener . Attempting to replace a 139.53684 SECURITY + keyless entry pad , I purchased the 977LM Liftmaster + . I was able to program the 977LM , but all my other remotes were rendered useless during the new keypad programming process . There was no way to program the new keypad AND my car remote or OEM transmitter . With two hours invested and considering a return with a minimum $ 10 restocking fee and return shipping costs makes me wish I had ordered one from the OEM for twice as much .
 I 'm giving this item 1 star because of poor documentation in hopes of keeping others from making my mistake.I have a Liftmaster 1245R garage door opener and the documentation explicitly states that the 976LM/977LM works with it . I even confirmed this with Liftmaster customer support.Well , it does n't . I have a GREEN learn button and the 977LM documentation states you must have an ORANGE learn button.I ended up having to get a Chamberlain KLIK2U.And returning the 977LM was n't practical because of shipping charges and a $ 10 restocking fee .
 Bought this opener and would not work with my garage door . Nothing in add said it would only work with certain doors . Called Sanford and Sons and they were of no help . Called Amazon and they were worse . Last time I deal with Amazon .
 RECEIVED THIS ON 3/18/10 AND NOW JUST HOOKING IT UP AND THIS UNIT ONLY WORKS WITH AN OPENER 2005 OR OLDER . THEY DO N'T PUT THAT IN THERE ADVERTISEMENT !! SOLD BUY `` HHWHOLESALE '' I GUESS THEY GOT MY 20 BUCKS , IS N'T WORTH THE SHIPPING TO SEND IT BACK . WILL NEVER BUY FROM AMAZON AGAIN .
 I know that this is my fault , but I failed to ensure that this opener was universal . It only works with the same brand motor . I am going to see if i can return it .
 Be careful the title and the box and the unit all have different model numbers and the unit does not work for opener
 I used this remote for two years with another brand lifter and then replaced my lifter with a Chamberline model . All was well for about 6 months and then the remote stopped working . Tried everything but concluded that this model just could n't stand up to Georgia summers . Too bad.Same as Chamberline 976LM
 I tried everything to get it to work , did nothing . I went out and bought one from MFG and it works fine .
 Bought a replacement Transmitter and receiver system from AAA remotes , CA . Problem was the Liftmaster 9 * serie transmitters is work on 390 MHz and that frequency is currently jammed by the military . The range of the transmitter gets very small that you have to physical touch the door before it recognizes the signal . AAA remotes is aware of this and keeps on advertising the 9 * series as an good replacement system and does not put any disclaimers near the 9 * serie products . AAA remotes did not want to replace/exchange for the 315 Mhz models . They are really horrible at their customer service and this policy . I definetly recommend never buy from this organization .
 The item advetised is the 976LM/977LM Garage Door Wireless Keyless Entry Pad . It was a good price , s0 I ordered two . Surprise ! I received 2 940CBs instead . The Liftmaster website recommended at 977LM for my garage door . When contacted , the seller stated it is an older model and that 977 was listed on the package . I looked and , you guessed it , it did n't . The package said 940CB only and a typed label added to the package mentioned 976 , not 977 . The advertised model is white . These are grey . While the 940CB does work with our door , it is obvious on our white garage door frame . I might have purchased an older model at this price , but would have appreciatd the opportunity to price-compare it and make the decision myself . To avoid any further waste of time , I have decided to keep the units , but would not do business with this seller again .
 My son has this same pad and he or I can not get it to work . He took it to his home and it would not work there either . We are still trying .
 To back up a review by Cincy , I was able to program the Liftmaster remote to my Sears opener -LRB- 139.536 XX -RRB- only after I reset all codes on the opener , but then my existing Sears car remotes -LRB- 139.53681 B -RRB- did not work . I then programmed my car remotes back but then the Liftmaster remote would n't work . After many e-mails between Cust Service they assured me that it would work after I had given them my model numbers for remotes , door opener , and keypad remote I was replacing . They even went as far as saying if it did not work I may have a bad electronic board in my opener . Frustrated , I finally went to Sears , picked up their general keypad remote and it programmed just fine with my entire system . After sending the unit back to Open Door Discount Remote -LRB- on my dime -RRB- , they `` tested '' the unit to be within spec and refunded me minus their restocking fee . Prompt customer service , but not very helpful and not informed on what their product does or should do .
 Had to send it back , they charged me a restocking fee , had I known I would n't of ordered it on line. : - -LRB-
 The determining factor for compatibility of these door openers is the frequency of the transmitter/receiver . It is not the `` orange-red '' button on the opener . Compatibility should be determined by the color of the remote transmitter . Open door remotes claims that the orange button is the compatibility test . It is not.The color of the transmitter buttons indicates the frequency . Then , after an entry pad is shipped , there is a ten dollar restocking fee . Be careful of this outfit .
 Opener will NOT function on side by side garage doors . Will only function for ONE door . In order to return this item , which costs just over $ 18.00 , this company charges a $ 10.00 RESTOCKING FEE plus you must pay your own shipping . Certainly a rip-off , particularly for a product not advertised clearly . Would never purchase another item from this company .
 I bought these to go with the fans , and ended up not using them . The fans are flush enough normally , and this did n't save much room.Unless you have ascetic reasons , do n't bother with these . I returned mine .
 I think that you should be a little more specific because you posted the picture of a desk and gave a little manual on how to make it , and I think maybe it should be in the books section .
 This item is cheaply made . Magnets barely work . I bought this as a gift for my father-in-law and I was embarrassed when he opened it and we could n't find any metal objects light enough to stick . Not even a large nail would hold . The magnets might be strong enough to hold a small paperclip or some loose staples and that 's about it . Do n't waste your money .
 Well , apparently , ours did not come with the Rare Earth Magnets b/c the only tools that it will hold are very lightweight tools . And I ca n't move my arm around or those fall off . So , if I am standing still with small tools attached , it works wonderfully . But if I am using it as the pictures or text suggests , it does n't work at all . If I were more inclined , I 'd get a refund but they priced it right - $ 20 is n't worth my time to go thru the ordeal of a return .
 The tool band works as promised , but the velcro straps are very thin and the band itches like nothing else . The magnets may be strong enough to hold 25lbs but the velcro wo n't support any substantial weight . It was very cheap , but I 'm not sure it was worth the cost .
 Defiantly was very disappointed to find out I did not get what I expected . I already owned one arm band that works great and is made out of some heavy duty material and can hold a hammer without question ! As I went on amazon to order one for my other arm because I could no longer locate it in stores anymore , I opened my package to only find with surprise an arm band made of cheap pleather that ca n't hold anything heavier than a nail or screw !!
 The idea is great BUT the execution is miserable . The velcro straps are too thin and the velcro hook strips do not have any backing material . They literally just took it off the roll and attached it to the ends of the velcro loop strips .
 I work in short sleeves and the velcro straps are very narrow and hurt . The arm band slides up and down your arm as it does n't stay in one place . You 'd have to tighten like a tourniquet to get it to stay in place . My magnets were fine but the fake leather is extremely uncomfortable .
 I like the idea . The arm band feels well made , and the adjustable Velcro straps are great.Unfortunately this idea fails in it 's most crucial element . The magnets are too weak . If you move quickly , anything attacked WILL dislodge , fall of , or at least shift a lot.I nailed mine t a wall instead . . It 's great for sticking a small nut/bolt on it , but that 's about it .
 Blueprint is nice , but needs step by step instructions . Disappointed with the overall plan considering how much it cost . I would not recommend buying this plan .
 This light arrived damaged and it was pretty disappointing . Despite being packaged pretty well , the metal ` cage ' around the light arrived broken , looks like the soldering connecting the cage part to the round piece that goes around the middle of the light is pretty flimsy .
 What a cheesy piece of crap.Made in China , what do you expect.Functional , barely.Don ' t waste your money on this.You will also pay in shipping as much as you pay for this item.A real disappointment.Don ' t depend upon this to secure your home : -LRB-
 the slots to guide the saw is too narrow , i will have to bring this to a hardware store to look for a saw that is thin enough to use with this thing !
 The fabric on the dollies is of cheap quality . As a matter of fact one of them was torn . Fortunately , I 'm not using these for furniture so that 's not a problem . However , if I were concerned about the safety of my furniture I would n't use this product .
 Come on ryobi ca n't you engineer a table saw that is easier to repair ? If not then you should at least have more repair facilities in the markets that you sell this product . Shipping a table saw for repair 300 miles is not an option . One must take the whole thing apart just to replace the v belts -LRB- plural -RRB- . Why are there 2 belts when 1 wide one would do the trick ? And lastly the price is outrageous . After 5 hours of disassembley and reassembly the unit now works perfectly . Not sure it was worth the effort . Next time I will be looking at the Dewalt .
 This piece is really quite over-priced for what you get , though not having the knife allows you to bring this on a plane with you . I 've seen this unit marketed elsewhere as a `` travel-friendly '' Swiss Army tool -LRB- not knife -RRB- . Nevertheless , the unit I have is the 64MB version of : ASIN
 Maybe I should read the description better , but I was disapointed to find out , when receiving it , that this is JUST a USB Key with a pen and anemic led light.No `` swiss army stuff '' . Not even a knife . I thought all swiss army knives are supposed to have , you know , a knife?That said , the USB key is very tiny , almost too small on its own -LRB- detached from the swiss army non-knife housing -RRB- , so it 's good it has a `` home '' within the casing , otherwise it would probably go missing .
 After making the purchase and receiving it quickly , I tried to install it but it is the wrong size.I should have made the purchase at a local plumbing store where I would have purchased the correct size and had the job done .
 I will readily admit that part of this is my fault , but to me this item is impossible to install properly.I followed the directions , used their `` template '' , and carefully drilled my holes . This will not go onto the door properly , and my only guess is that due to the long shaft , and the finicky turn assembly , installing this item perfectly square is nothing short of highly difficult . Maybe if I had a drill press it would work , but after 6 + hrs of adjusting this , I have given up .
 I give this 2 stars because the door knob portion is actually nice and heavy . The rest of the unit is pretty much useless , particularly for something like a storm door . I used it on a regular sized door and could never get the screws to catch without hitting the latch and causing the unit to stick after several uses . I finally ended up installing a deadbolt for security and using this unit as a `` dummy pair '' just to pull and push the door open and closed -- basically it is just useful as a handle .
 Bought and threw away the same day . Installed easy enough , but the knob part would n't function to open the door with the latch . The knob was apparently defective inside and would turn around the bushing that it should have been secured to . After several attempts to get it to work the knob separated from the bushing making it useless.Wouldn ' t advise buying this unit .
 Another American `` value '' product.In less than 18 months I 've been through three of these . Unfortunately the door is drilled for its spacing and I 'm sort of stuck with it.For those intrepid soles willing to drill out their door and install one , here 's a few pointers.Drill a 1/2 '' hole as the 5/8 '' called for simply let 's it move off axis too much . You door is the spindles support , not the flimsy latch.File out the bottom of the estucheon plates to allow drainage . Otherwise they will fill with water and streak -LRB- eventually rot -RRB- the door . Not to mention reduce the sping life to a matter of months.Grease the assembly liberally before mounting.Replace the knob set screws with better ones . Or , apply locktite and tighten lightly . The heads break.Don ' t tighten the knobs against the estucheon plates . Leave about 1/16 '' for play as the knobs bind when turned .
 This magbetic square is pure junk . It says made in USA , but looks more like a piece of junk from China . The `` magnets '' are nothing but magnetic tape . They are so weak they will just barely hold , if at all . If you bump the metal , it falls off . I am going to buy some good magnets and glue them on to try and salvage these squares . Save your money . Not even worth a 1/10th of the price to buy them .
 I have used this controller in the past except I got them from Progress lighting . They worked great . Unfortunately , one of them blew the 1st -LRB- fastest -RRB- speed . So after living with it for a long time , I decided to finally replace it . Thinking the Monte Carlo version -LRB- which looks identical except for their logo -RRB- would be the same thing I bought one.This controller makes the fan motor hum and make other noises like it 's going to self destruct . It 's possible this is just a defective controller but I wish I would have just kept the old swith with the 3 working speeds.If this was n't defective , I highly recommend this switch because it works well and looks great .
 The pin is virtually impossible to move and the little screws stripped right away . I will take this as a lesson learned , spend a bit more and get something that works .
 Take a look at the photo . See any orange dots around the top of the black base like the cheaper offers ? Did n't think so . The cone you see is NOT what you get , but has hollow -LRB- not solid -RRB- lugs on the base bottom - a cheap cone by all means . Shipping too expensive to return . Delivered 10 + days late . Pathetic !
 I like the the anchor , but the coating on the outside is coming off because I put some heavy work on it , but it should n't come off . I think these anchors are wonderful , just wish they were more endurable .
 I got these for my sliding glass doors as a security device . It looks very well machined and shiny , but it does n't keep people from opening the doors.The way it works is that the lever has a wedge shaped inner surface that pushes a metal slug into the U-shaped gap inside the device . It 's supposed to press the slug into the sliding rail of the door to keep the device -LRB- and hence the door -RRB- from moving . Unfortunately , the lever does n't lock in place , and the metal inner surfaces are not very good at gripping the metal track of my sliding doors , so all you have to do is repeatedly push the door against the lock and it will slide the lock down the rail and allow the door to open while the lock is still locked .
 I thought this lock would work for my patio doors . Turns out , it did n't . I think it fits specific types of patio doors and not mine . This little gadget should n't be tricky , but I had my brother , my best friend , and my neighbor all try to see how it would work , but none could figure it out .
 I have bought and used several tie downs and soft tie downs . These are the thinnest and poorest quality I have come across . I do not trust what they are rated for . It is not worth the trouble to return them , I am just going to throw them out . Do n't waste your money .
 Just a heads up if you are ordering this product . I thought I was getting them in black cause the picture Amazon has of the product is black . When I opened the package , they are `` Beige '' . The site does not give you a chose of colors . I wish they had told me the color , I would have ordered a different brand that had `` black '' . Ca n't return them cause I need to use them tomorrow . Relocating to another city , or I would send them back.Keeper 5729 16 '' Soft Tie Extension Tie-Down , 800 lbs . WLL -LRB- 2500 lbs . break strength -RRB- 4 Pk .
 Twisting the flashlight on sometimes does n't work . I 've done my best to ensure that this is not operator error
 This flashlight eats batteries ! The light is good ; very sufficient for plant and refinery work . My problem is that you think the flashlight is off by twisting the lamp until the light goes off and a quarter turn but it is n't . I wind up putting a fresh set in every week . I could pull the 2-C batteries every time I use it but that 's awkward.After using this flashlight for 4 months I give up . I am going with a Pelican 2100 with a traditional switch.If this review was helpful , please add your vote . Thanks .
 Having purchased one of the StealthLite series a number of years ago for my sailboat , I was looking for a larger supplemental flashlight , and having been very pleased with the smaller StealthLite , seemed that the SabreLite 2000 would be a perfect addition to my maritime flashlight arsenal . However the achilles heel was the twist-on switch . I had to send it in for warranty work since it eventually would not turn on , no matter how hard I turned it -LRB- even with new batteries -RRB- . They sent me back a new one . Next thing was that a marina neighbor of mine had dropped something in the water at night and needed to retrieve it . He turned the the lens cover the wrong way the first time he tried to turn it on and let water in -- to the light 's credit it continued to function , though . I flushed it out and and put a light coat of dielectric grease on the connections with no problems . However , a couple of days ago , I was rummaging through the storage drawer where I keep my flashlights and noticed that the light was on and very dim . I tried replacing the batteries with some extra ones I had but it was still a bit dim , perhaps because the spares were a year shy of their expiration date . I also noticed for the first time that the focal point of the LED was not in the center of the lens/reflector assembly . That revelation was the last straw and I threw it away in disgust . I have just ordered another StealthLite -LRB- the one with the glo - in the dark lens bezel -RRB- which has a flip on switch and a xenon bulb . The problem with the twist-on switch on some flashlights is that there can be too fine a balance between turning it off and having it too loose .
 They also do n't tell you that the lock works for one year before inexplicably failing . They replace it the first time under warrantee but the 2nd time they want to charge you $ 55 plus shipping and handling.Beware of this lock .
 I bought two for exterior doors so I could garden and lock the house without having to carry keys . I live in Iowa , which has all weather ranges and they keyless entry worked very well for awhile but then quit working so I thought the batteries had died but replacement batteries did not help so now I 'm stuck with a broken electronic lock and am back to using the keys as a basic , but very expensive , deadbolt . My mother also bought one and had to have it replaced within a year . Great idea , poor longevity .
 Plus notes - It is well constructed and installation went fast.Then I plugged in brand new batteries and followed the programming steps.It took hours of repeated tries , removing the batteries overnight , and trying different brand of fresh from the package batteries.Finally it worked , so I called my wife over to show her how to unlock and lock our garage door , and it would not work.Again I pulled out the batteries and left it overnight . The next afternoon I plugged the batteries in , and it worked in both directions - lock and unlock . My wife tried it and it did work . Later that day , I wanted to lock the door , and it would n't work.Again remove batteries over night . Next day OK for one operation , then it would n't work.The final straw is the business I purchased it from thru Amazon will not return phone calls nor emails.Do NOT buy one .
 Worked fine for about a year then the keypad failed . seems to be a very consistent problem -LRB- see several other reviews -RRB-
 We remodelled our home 3 years ago . At that time , we asked our general contractor to install 2 electronic deadbolts , one for the side door , and one for the garage door . Loved it . Freedom from keys!Initially , both worked . Shortly afterward , the motor on the side door was struggling . The deadbolt was lined up correctly , so installation was n't the problem . We replaced the batteries . It worked better , but then degraded . We called the locksmith ; he made some adjustments that seemed to help somewhat.We noticed that the garage door was n't working . Same thing
 Guess I 'm a little luckier than most as my unit has n't completely died on me yet . I did not buy it on Amazon and it 's going on 3 years . The electronic unlock action is intermittent . I need to enter my code 2 or 3 times and / or cycling the lock function because the bolt always sticks on the return . This is not a battery issue and a major pain unlocking at night .
 The numbers on the external keypad have rubbed off after 2 years . Have to renumber with a Sharpie every few months . Other than that it works fine . Batteries last about 9 months . Bolt retraction slows down when it 's time to change .
 I liked the lock while it worked , BUTEach time the batteries wear out , my Powerbolt 1000 stops working -LRB- Yes , I mean with new batteries installed -RRB- I am at my 2nd battery change . Each time the batteries have lasted a little over a year . After the 1st battery change , the lock did not work despite multiple attempts / battery changes / etc so I left it alone for 2 - 3 weeks , then came back to it - and it worked.Now
 Stopped working in less than a year . Would never buy this or any product from Kwikset again !!!
 This is my first time writing a review to Amazon ; as I want to warn others of my experience . We purchased the kwikset smart code new at Home Depot and it worked great for 1.5 years and everyone in the family loved it - yes if you come in late at night it announces it to everyone in the house , minor issue compared to having a deadbolt lock with no keys . But , one very hot day -LRB- the front door is dark colored and faces west -RRB- the door started beeping by itself and not working sometimes , even after new batteries . After discussion with customer service and my checking unit with a meter it was determined the control board was bad , and it is only covered for exactly one year and a new board is $ 70 dollars . On the cover of the box it states in LARGE LETTERS
 Nice looking and functioning product while it works , but that is not a very long time . I am on my fifth one and it has only been four years.I originally purchased two of these for my house . Within the first year I had to replace one , then the other one died a few months later . Since the installation of this lock makes you drill extra hols in your door , I could n't switch to another brand , so I bought another . That one lasted almost two years before it died , at which point I could no longer get them locally -LRB- Home Depot used to sell them -RRB- , so I had to order replacement parts from Kwikset . Now a year and a half later and it is dead again . Unless you plan on buying a new one every year , I do NOT reccomend these .
 The mechanism did n't exactly match the one I was replacing ... the item did not fit correctly - I could n't tight the screws completely because the lock would bind up
 I bought 2 more than 2 years ago . Installed only one . After a year , the thing started beeping , read troubleshoot , said keypad was bad , tried to find all over the internet the freeking 17733-1 keypad that NO ONE SELLS , not even ebay ! , so i used the brand new keypad i had . After i few months , beeps again . Changed it for a Schlage . This is a terrible product . I payed 150 for each !!! This product really sux . Read reviews before buying .
 Have had this unit a little over a year and now it is n't working . Now I have to find the same unit so I do n't have to drill new holes in my door .
 Lasted about a year for me . I did not even use it much since I installed it in an exterior side door leading out from the garage . The unit would keep beeping and then eventuall failed . I bought the first unit through visa so I am glad that I got Extended warranty through Visa !
 Worked for about 3 months . It woke me up in the middle of the month cycling through all the numbers making beeps . I thought someone was trying to break in my house . The only way to stop it was to remove a battery . Next morning , I put in brand new batteries . Did n't fix it . We had to use a key for about 2 weeks . I thought I would try it again and it worked well for another 2 weeks but beeped like crazy again . It 's out of warranty because we did n't install it as soon as we purchased it so the company ca n't do much for me . I 've read other reviews on the internet and one other person had this problem too . They reported that the company told them this random cycling through the numbers and beeping was n't possible .
 I bought three , and three failed . One failed after about two months . The second took six months to fail . The third lock , which was installed on an interior door of a residence , took nearly a year to fail . It seems to be the keypad that fails in these . Mine started beeping all by itself at night and then failed to beep at all when trying to use .
 Read the other reviews , my expereince is the same . The unit failed within 1 year , while it worked , it was great , we could set up a second entry code for our friends or house guest and not have to worry about getting a key back from them . But at last , the unit started beeping on it own then kills the batteries within 24 hours . It 's obviously a design flaw.The real pain in the butt is that you have to drill holes into your door to install this unit . Holes that wo n't be covered by any other door lock on the market . So when this unit fails , -LRB- which is highly likely -RRB- you 'll be face with replacing your door or finding an exact replacement . I have a metal door , I might be able to take it somewhere and have it fixed . What a PITA.This is an old model that you should avoid . The newer models are much smaller so you wo n't have to drill the 5 extra holes this one takes . It will cost you more but will be worth it . I hope this helps you , please take the time to write reviews for others , I should have read the ones posted here first .
 I have had two of these for the last 4 years . One failed almost immediately , but Kwikset sent me replacement keypad and I had to pay a lock smith again to install it . Now the other lock failed on me . The motor that turns the bolt wont work . Kwikset wont help me and cant even manage to figure out the problem.My Master Locksmith said these are a P.O.S. and to buy the Schlage keylees as it doesnt have a motor to fail.I would give these `` 0 '' Stars but it wont allow me .
 We installed our Kwikset smartcode electronic deadbolt in August 2008 . The electronics failed by December 2009 and the electronic warranty expires after 1 year . We contacted Kwikset 's warranty department and they informed us that for $ 45 , they would be happy to send us a new electronic unit , with no additional warranty that we could install ourselves ! I will never buy their products again , save your money !
 Bought it for a attached garage door , so it was never exposed to rain or outdoors . Worked great for a while , then started having some issues , now finally completely useless . Lasted about a year , then I get the dreaded beeping that everyone else talks about . Do a search for this lock and read some of the reviews , average lifespan seems to be less than 1 year for a $ 100 lock.Customer service seemed to know exactly what the problem is , seems like it 's a very common issue , yet they still want to charge to fix it . Not worth spending the money to replace parts every year , so I 'm looking to replace it with a different brand .
 what they do n't show or tell you is that while the outside of the door lock is a beautiful finish the inside is a large white colored plastic box ! I do not want to look at a white plastic box on the inside of my beautiful -LRB- and quite expensive -RRB- front door .
 Waste of money ! In only 2 months it was out of order , beeping without anyone pressing a key . I was not able to get any support from customer service ... Totally disappointed ...
 Installed on the outside garage door easily . Within a month , after a thunderstorm , 2 buttons quit working . So , got a new one and this time caulked the outside face plate . Within 2 months , heavy rain soaked and disabled all the buttons . Do n't think this device is designed for areas like FL where heavy thunderstorms are routinely seen . Perhaps should have a slide cover to protect buttons .
 It worked fine though it is noisy.After 1 year use , button fell off and now it is useless .
 I have purchased and installed two of these locks over a two year period . Both started to malfunction within a year . The motor whines but the bolt only moves halfway in or out of the lock . I tried taking the cover off and lubing everything with silicone spray which worked for about two or three weeks.I really liked the look of this lock so I purchased a 2nd one to replace the first one after I was tired of performing `` maintenance '' on it so often . The 2nd lock worked for a while then started doing the same thing.After reading other reviews it appears this lock has a fundamental mechanical defect that is not conducive to long term residential use . My next lock with be a brand other than Kwikset . I have no patience for inferior , sub-standard products .
 I would NOT recommend this product . Worked just OK -LRB- quirky -- while it did work -RRB- but after just over 2 years , the continuous beeping started . Going to Schlage .
 Dont buy this lock ! Cheap plastic gears will wear out quickly , cant close or open itself on first try.I just installed this lock and thought I had done something wrong . I have installed a dozen or so deadbolts between work and home ; even the first was pretty easy.The turning torque is harder than a new lock should be . Took it apart , everything is loose and unobstructed , torque is just as hard disassembled . There it is in the instructions
 My husband purchased this last summer so our kids could easily get in the house without keys . He installed a Sears keypad for the garage doors and then this inside garage . Worked fine while it worked but as many here have noted , it failed within a year ... today in fact . He called kwikset customer service but they were n't open so he decided to simply go to a local store , purchase another one and install it . I wanted something else but this required 3 holes on the inside door and 2 on the outside so I told him do what he intended . I am sure has a plan on how to get his money back . My advice is look at the more expensive versions or go with another brand . The convenience of these is outstanding but reliability has me concerned . My husband recently installed kwikset keypad locks on our front door but he got the more expensive versions . I only hope they do not have the same problems .
 I bought the powerbolt about 1-1/2 years ago . Worked good but pretty noisy and you can tell it 's not nearly as well built as the Schlage . It was easy to install and worked until two weeks ago . It started beeping continuously . I installed new batteries but did n't help so I called tech support and they told me it was the keypad . I talked them into replacing it for the cost of freight and have been waiting over a week for the part to arrive . Not happy . When you look at the price of the Powerbolt compared to the Schlage , you 'll save about $ 30.00 but regret it later . Reliability is the issue . Buy the Schlage !
 I bought this lock off Amazon more then 18 months ago for close to 100 bucks after having my house broken into by neighbor , the added security and worry free hassle of keys made this lock perfect and it worked perfectly for over 18 months , but after first battery change the lock failed.The lock was easy to install , and manual was clear as well with nice instructions . Ill not bother going into detail of the buttons , codes , finish , bolt , etc as all of it worked just fine , A + marks on it all.And then the batteries ran out ... . I only use the this door lock a couple times a week so my batteries lasted longer then the many other reviewers here . My lock started beeping , i took the batteries out and tested them and sure enough drained dry , after putting in new batteries , the electronics failed with tons of beeping and craziness ... that was unresolved with manual . After some internet researching , it would seem this is a design problem.I will for sure buy a new electronic lock but not this brand or Kwikset unless there is a huge redesign and I 've seen positive reviews for over a few years . As well as this lock worked and lock - it is a fail because if an electronic device only works for one battery set . . its simply a disposable lock . Dont buy this product until some major changes come about .
 I ordered the product based on the picture shown , because I was looking for a specific type of hair trap that I had purchased before and this looked like it . When I received the product it was not what was pictured . It was the same type of product I could have walked into any drugstore or hardware store and purchased locally for less money and no shipping charges . The picture should represent what the product really looks like .
 It was the first time I bought a pair of safety glasses . I picked it up from Home Depot and it was actually cheaper there.The fit was a little loose for my small head.The biggest negative was that the vision was distorted and it gave me a bad headache in 10 minutes . I used it once and returned it to the store .
 I bought these to go with the fans , and ended up not using them . The fans are flush enough normally , and this did n't save much room.Unless you have ascetic reasons , do n't bother with these . I returned mine .
 This item does not match the other Delta products such as towel rod and ring . Do not buy if you want a matching set .
 This product was not worth the money . It broke after 2 uses . First the windup feature broke . After another use the outer red plastic fell off . After the next use the medal in the center fell apart rendering the product useless .
 This seemed like it was going to be really cool , and it was . For about 3/4 of a room . Then the locking mechanism broke ... You end up with a roller frame that operates like a yo-yo . Turned out to be a real pain.A good idea produced very cheaply is just junk .
 Good idea . Weakly constructed . I was working with this roller frame fully extended and the thinner of the two extension parts buckled at the twist tightener . I admittedly was applying some pressure but in my opinion not enough to warrant busting like it did . I 'm not that strong . In any case , do n't expect pro-grade and do n't apply too much pressure when this thing is extended . The break snapped the plastic that is on the inside of the metal pole parts . I uploaded a picture to share . I 'd recommend using a regular rolling frame with a solidly threaded handle for inserting a strong pole.To be fair , I am reluctantly adding one-star -LRB- for a total of two -RRB- because , in my baby 's opinion , I was pressing too hard on the frame .
 I expected this sandpaper to be much bigger than it is . It cost a ton of money for the size . Additionally , it was guaranteed that I would get it within a week , and it took 3 weeks to arrive . Now I do n't need it anymore , and I had to spend an additional $ 30 getting sandpaper for the day I needed it at Lowe 's .
 The end connectors on this hose only have an interior deminsion of 1/2 '' ; therefore , the flow rate will not be a great as a true 5/8 '' hose . There are hoses available with the correct end connection sizes . I returned this hose .
 The older version of these brackets work way better than this &#34; new version &#34; I wish I had the old style . I thought this product would be the same as my other set .
 Bought This Set And It Broke Apart After 1 Light Use , Then They Sent A Second Set , And Then Again Broke . I Will Be Calling DEWALT.This Product Is Very Cheap . Now I Have 2 Sets I Ca n't Use
 I 'm so disappointed with Dewalt at this moment . When I bought my first Dewalt miter saw and bought the work station it comes with the four bolts to mount saw to mounting brackets . I just spent 600 for the sliding compound saw and ordered the DW7231 mounting brackets another 50 bucks to be able to switch out saws as needed and WHAT Dewalt does n't put the four bolts needed to mount saw in the box . Now if you order the work station they put in the bolts , so if your ordering the mounting brackets why would they not put them in , this is a load of CROCK and a poor job by Dewalt . While I love my Dewalt work station and saws this really brings my blood pressure up . I 'll have to stop what I am doing and put about 35 miles on my truck to go to town and buy four bolts and nuts that should have been in the box . POOR JOB ON DEWALTS PART .
 I bought the whole thing a few months ago . It is very sturdy and especially useful to a woodworker like me with limited space . I have a large Bosch sliding miter saw fitted with the brackets . I am very pleased with the stand . Recently I 've seen other stands , ripoffs of the DeWalt idea -LRB- who did they steal it from ? -RRB- . All of them have advantages , but of course the parts are not interchangable . I think the Dewalt brackets are obscenely priced , but what else is new ? Do n't worry about it . Just make sawdust !
 You 'll be disappointed with this newly designed level clamp . It is difficult to place on the table and more difficult to remove the saw from the table with the 2 or 3 point levers . The previous set I have , -LRB- note same model -RRB- , lock on much better with the old style levers . It works fine if you 're going to leave the saw on the table though I bought the removable ones so I would n't have to .
 The wrought iron tissue holder delivered was not the same as the one advertised . The shape was somewhat the same , but the detail was completely different - it wans n't twisted as shown .
 The hose looked good but it has failed in about 3 months of gentle , daily use around our boat . Its construction is far too light and it kinks easily . The last few ft. of hose -LRB- from the inside of the coil , near the male end -RRB- were badly kinked and crushed when it arrived . It has now developed a bulge with a pinpoint leak right near the outlet fitting . Should have spent the small additional amount and gotten the better `` never kink '' drinking-water hose from West Marine . This Gilmour is , unfortunately , junk .
 Despite what other reviewers say , this hose is not safe to drink from . It states right on the back side of the packaging , `` Note
 This is my second one to have the female end -LRB- the end that attaches to the tap -RRB- come apart . The first took a week to fail and was replaced by Amazon . The second is failing after 3 months . This hose is used very lightly , mostly not pulled out at all . It would seem that the fittings are not properly crimped or otherwise attached . I will probably just replace the fitting myself as the manufacture does not seem competent to deal with it .
 I bought two of these ; have used each for less than 1 hour of `` on '' time , and threw both of them out within 3 months of purchase after they became unusable . I keep a light in each car trunk , and due to exposure of heat and cold , eventually a cell will swell up a little -LRB- not leak , not fail , just swell -RRB- . When this happens , you can not get it out without destroying the light . This is due to too tight a fit between the body and the cell -LRB- some cells , even new , fit with difficulty -RRB- . Since the head can not be disassembled , there is no way to remove a stuck cell if it can not be removed from the bottom . So much for a `` lifetime '' warranty , which excludes damage from cells.I have a brand x Chinese 3-D LED aluminum flash -LRB- with multiple LEDs -RRB- , which does not have this problem . It has been in a car trunk for over 2 years , with the same set of cells . The head comes off , and there is clearance for the cells . Also , it is 10x brighter , and the bulb -LRB- s -RRB- are not susceptible to damage like this unit.This Mag-Lite LED design is a slight update of the original Mag-Lite tungsten 3-D unit , which had the same flaws . C'mon , guys , update your design !!!! Or eventually , the public will get wise , and you will be out of business . I really do want to buy American , but I will not buy any more of these .
 First of all , there was a bit of miscommunication between us which was resolved resulting in the package getting here sooner . The packaging was in order and the flashlight was new but , after putting in batteries -LRB- two different kinds -RRB- the only way it would work is if I held the thing facing straight up . The second I faced it forward or down it stopped working , not to mention it sounded like the LED light was rattling around inside . I 'm quite sure that it 's not purely Amazon.com LLC 's fault because the same thing has happened far too many times going to local stores.I will find out soon enough how they handle returned items , but until then ... Happy Holidays Everyone ...
 the new maglite led 3 d-cell flashlights with a DL in front of the serial number.i have found problems with thim burning out with in 2 to 6 months . i have gonethrough 3 maglite led 3 d-cell flashlights with in 2 years . i got all 3 of maglite led3 d-cell flashlights at my local Costco . i do n't know what maglite is doing but tharnew maglite led 3 d-cell flashlights ar not as good as the older maglite 3 d-cell flashlights.i give the new maglite led 3 d-cell flashlights 1 star out 5 . i give the older maglite 3 d-cell flashlights 5 stars out 5 .
 I have the newer LED version as well as the classic incandescent version of this light . I leave the incandescent light standing with the tail cap off , because even though I rarely used the light , I would often find the batteries drained when I needed to use it . I had so far not had that problem with the LED light , until last night . No other light I have ever owned drains batteries like a Mag-Lite . We probably have 6 others in service right now around the house , and only the two Mag-Lite lights give us problems . If you want a big heavy club for hitting people with , great . But if you want to see them in the dark I hope you have a backup light from a different brand on you . Sorry , never again . I 'm moving over to the smaller , brighter , and better Fenix lights .
 What a piece of junk . I gave this product as a gift to my father-in-law . He used it regularly while checking his cattle . He started having problems with the switch that required him to hold the switch a certain way if we wanted it to work . Then the switch failed completely . When I contacted Maglite , they gave me the mailing address to the facility , and while I was n't pleased to pay the $ 8 shipping , I did it anyway . Well , several days later I received an empty container back from the postal service indicating that one of their facilities had received an open and empty package.I 'm finished with Maglite and will have to think twice about using the USPS for packages .
 Twist this to widest beam , and the center is a huge black hole . As in `` ca n't see much of anything '' in the hole . I `` inherited '' a 2-cell mag and converted it to LED and thought it was pretty cool . So I acquired the 3-cell and felt good . After all , Maglite as a great reputation . Choice of police officers everywhere , especially the 4-cell , which helps subdue criminals . -LRB- God bless our police , that last comment is not intended to be a dig or criticism . I 'd probably carry a 4-cell if I were a cop . -RRB- Then I discovered other LED flashlights that put out more light than a 3-cell Mag , and no black hole . For example , the Coast 7438 Tactical Focus , at 5 inches long , 5.6 oz. , and 3 AAA batteries . Comes with lanyard and nice carry pouch . Even in the pouch , this little light fits in your front pocket without showing a lump . The Coast costs roughly twice as much . Whether it is that much better than the Maglite with 3 D batteries depends on your perception and needs.I keep my 2-cell Maglite in the kitchen and the 3-cell by the bed . The Coast I keep in my pocket .
 I always liked mag in the past but with their LED mag I had issues . After one month of use the flashlight kept flickering . It was never dropped and always kept in a dry safe place . So I returned it and got another . The same issue it started to flicker on and off after a month of use . Other name brand led lights I own work great . The older none LED mag I own works great but the lights not as strong as the LED mag when it worked . I wanted this flashlight to work , the first month of use was wonderful and BRIGHT . But at $ 25 I expect years of use not a month .
 Very poor grounding system ; does not work `` first time , every time '' , requires some adjustments to get light to come on and then it may go off while in use . Not the reliable old Maglite ; do n't bet your life on this one . By former law enforcement officer.March 31 , 2010 - After some adjustments and some `` Wearing in '' I love the light ! I now believe it 's even better than the older bulb models , and yes , I am now `` betting my life '' on it when things go boom .
 I had been a long time user of Maglites and bought over 25 since they were introduced . During that time I had several fail but never used the `` Lifetime Warranty '' . Recently I bought two that failed with the same problem . One was returned for service but never received back . When I complained I was told that I had waited too long to place a claim . I placed repeated calls to the service department & even wrote the CEO to no avail . All This all happened at the run up and distruction of Hurricane Sandy here on the East Coast.Although I prefer to buy American at this point I can no longer support a company that will not support lifelong customers with legitimate complaints . I now buy small , inexpensive focusable chinese LED lights from Amazon . They have worked better than I could have wished & I have placed orders to replace my remaining Disaster Recovery supplies . I gave away my 8 remaining Maglights to First Responders as I helped in the Sandy response in South Jersey where I live.I 'm sorry but I ca n't recommend Mag any more.Their products are now outdated . The workmanship although superb , seems to suffer from some bad parts , and the customer service is insulting .
 Maglite has been known for decades for a quality powerful light with a terrific warranty . Unfortunately their attempt at quality LED lighting is far from terrific . The LED lights if left on for more than 5 minutes sees a significant decrease in the brightness of the light . This is due to a failure to provide a proper heat sink for the LED light . The longer the light stays on the dimmer and dimmer it grows . To say the least this is really disappointing . Improper heat removal from the LED will significantly reduce the life of the bulb as well.Second , the power derived from the 3D batteries is not properly circuited or managed to provide a powerful beam that you would expect from the power that it is given . The biggest disappointment to prove this came when I recently ordered a Fenix key chain light that ran on 1 AAA battery . To say the least the light was as bright as my Maglite . After 5 minutes of operation the AAA Fenix light was brighter than the 3D Maglite because of the missing heat sink to effectively dissipate heat . Really disappointing.Third , the adjustable focus is worthless as the light only provides quality lighting when completely focused for the greatest throw of the light , which due to its poor power management does not give the 3D batteries justice . The light is completely unusable in the flood focus as a big black dark spot appears in the middle of the projection . The light to say the least needs a better focusing system . Not to mention that the reflector is made of plastic . Aluminum would be far better and could provide a nice heat sink.After about 6 months of light use my Maglite switch failed . This was after Hurricane Ike moved through my area and we were without power for 10 days . To say the least this was disappointing because of the quality that Maglite has been known for . I contacted Maglite via the internet as soon as my power was restored explaining my problem and they immediately sent out a replacement part , instructions , and tools necessary to change out the switch . I received the part within 10 days . It was an easy install and the correspondence was hassle free . In a time when corporations try to get out of warranties or force you to go through a long drawn out process it was refreshing to see Maglite honor their warranty with no hassle.The durability of the light is not in question . It is made from quality components and should offer a long life of use.Summary
 I agree that these flashlights work great for what they are , however , I have already blown 2 LED modules by dropping the flashlights by accident , once myself , and once by my 2 year old . The LEDs pop out of their housing rendering them uselsss . At that point all you can do is pull out the spare filiment bulb provided with the flashlight and use it . The replacement LED 's run almost 25 dollars . Not a good deal if you ask me . Buyer beware ...
 This was a christmas present for my friend , it was exactly what he needed . I wish I had the LED but it 's not .
 these lights have made a good name , but now are way over priced and they are not really built that well , I have five of them and three are broken within , , they are worth about $ 2.95 and not a penny more . .
 I bought this flashlight in January of 2010 . In September , it quit working . One of the batteries leaked -LRB- my fault for not checking sooner -RRB- , corroding the interior to some extent . I had to use a bench vise to unscrew the butt end although there is n't all that much corrosion in the threads . Changed batteries . No light . Removed the switch -LRB- with a lot of effort -RRB- ; the switch has no obvious corrosion . Bulb problem ? Can not figure out how to remove the bulb from the end of the switch without destroying bulb and switch . Tried to order a replacement switch but it 's a discontinued part ! The only corrosion is inside the tube , not on the contacts . Reassembled it ; still no light . I could buy a replacement switch and hope it works but I do n't have the time or patience . This is going in the garbage .
 IMO the quality of Mag is gone . What used to be good seems to be junk now . It amazes me that their lights can not be reliable . I have given up and moved on , save your money and forget what these used to be , flashlights changed and mag did n't .
 i needed a super bright led mag , its a good price if you need a basic led.quality product , thankx ... the star box is broken on my side . 3STARS !!!!!
 Flashlight works fine , however it is not what I ordered . I wanted the 2D cell LED and they sent me the 3-D cell unit - it was also the wrong color .
 I purchased my second 3D LED flashlight . I love the distance you can see with them at night ! Awesome . My first one lasted 6 months . Then the LED failed . I wrote MagLite and got no response . $ 39 at Lowes . I took it back to them , -LRB- of course , no receipt -RRB- . They said they could n't cover the LED . Fine . I paid $ 39 for a piece of junk . Actually packaged it up and sent it to MagLite hoping they would do something with it . Nothing . Gave up , bought another one -LRB- cause I liked the first one so much and am a glutton for punishment -RRB- . Yee-haa , it lasted nearly 4 months before the magic little LED stopped . I had saved the receipt and the warranty paperwork . -LRB- I did n't read the paperwork mind you -RRB- . Took a closer look and discovered , guess what , even though MagLite charges you out the butt for the LED technology they to realize it is mystical junk . They wo n't cover it either . This lite represents my last MagLite . I 'll Never , repeat , Never buy another one . Best of luck to you if you buy one cause my second one is headed for MagLite in Ontario Ca . with specific instructions on what they can do with it .
 I have spent over $ 140 on Mag-Lite flashlights and batteries over the last 3 years -LRB- on the recommendation of my son-in-law who is an airline mechanic -RRB- . One is a three D cell battery model and the other an identical size rechargeable model.The only thing I have used the flashlights for is occasionally taking my dog out at night and for emergency use during power outages . This is the ONLY use these Mag-Lite 's have had . Other that the occasional night excursions with the dog , these flashlights have never been used outside the house . Both models appear to have just come out the shipping carton -LRB- AMAZON -RRB- ... . not so much as even a smudge on the finish.Much of the reason they look unused is that BOTH sit uselessly on a shelf as BOTH are dysfunctional . The on/off switches will not work ... . the battery model is locked in the off position and the rechargeable model jammed in the on position . After trying three replacement batters on the rechargeable model , I could not get it to hold a charge for longer than 3 minutes after spending overnight in its recharging cradle.One expects to replace batteries and bulbs and I have no problem with that , but when equipped with these , the function of a flashlight is to shed light when desired and on that shelf sits $ 140 of new looking Mag-Lite 's that DO N'T . I know that these combined could NOT POSSIBLY have had four hours of total use.Sounds about like what you 'd expect out of something that came free in a cereal box , huh ?
 Very bummed out on this purchase . My husband wanted a LED maglite for xmas . It looks nothing like the photo . The flashlight looks purple . It functions great with a bright light , but he keeps making fun of me that i bought him a &#34; purple &#34; flashlight . Dont choose this color .
 Picked up one of these Maglite LED 2D Cell lights on Black Friday . Trying it out , I 'm disappointed . The beam is n't as bright as a normal 2D flashlight . At around 15 feet , there 's a large dead spot at the center of the light . Adjusting the focus did n't change this . Back this goes to the store , as other brands such as Surefire , Fenix , and Streamlight do better .
 I did not buy one from Amazon . However , where I work -LRB- airport security -RRB- you need a good , reliable flashlight at night . Okay , so this one uses less power , but the LED is not changeable when it breaks down -LRB- drop it a few times and it WILL die , then what ? - Get a new flashlight instead of replacing the LED `` bulb '' ... then you get left with scrap aluminum , to use as clubs ? -RRB- AND I do n't care what anybody sayes , it does not focus as well or throw light as far as the first generation version with the changeable LED `` bulb '' also used as an upgrade . -LRB- They were hitting their stride when they released those . -RRB- I dazzled everybody that was using the new ones by showing them my old one , and we tested side by side . Never did any of the new generation LED Mag-lites measure up ot my old , first generaion LED Mag-Lite . Sorry , but that is the truth . Now , with this second generation , unreliable , and not as bright -LRB- technically they say it is brighter , but in practice at the airport , it does not do the job as well as the previous model -RRB- we will no longer be buying Mag-lites . Yes , they are on their way out of use by professionals that need good flashlights . Many are buying Stingers and LED LENSERS . -LRB- I think the more even and precise light you get from the older , 3-watt ones makes it light up things at a greater distance , and more evenly than the supposedly brighter 2-watt lopsided focus fixed LED version now sold . -RRB- Now we have to spend more money for what is as good as the first generation Mag-lite LED flashlights WERE . Personally , I like the rounder , more focused light I get from it too , although I have switched to LED LENSER for the most part , I still use my 3 cell first gen and it has outlasted 2 others that are second generation . My advice to you is get something else , and it pains me to say that given Mag-lite 's history with law enforcement and such . My direct replacement that is far superior and consequently more expensive it the LED lesner P17 . With that one you can not go wrong . It is just not AS waterproof as a Mag-lite , -LRB- do n't submurge it , but it is fine in the rain -RRB- but what can you do . My older , 3-watt Mag-lite with the replaceable LED `` bulb '' -LRB- an advantage over the LED LENSER -RRB- is still going strong , and it is several YEARS older than the new ones , -LRB- and none of them are working as of today . -RRB- Until they go back to the older quality , get something else , ANYTHING else . -LRB- try a Brinkmann Legend for a higher quality replacement -RRB- I am so very disappointed with the way Mag-lite went with this . I hope they wake up before they become a joke , and get something practical . Bottom line for us is
 . It came with no lamp and it was impossible to find the correct one to buy . I put it in recycle
 I had four mag lites . Two large , two mini . They all did the same thing . The tolerances are so fine , that WHEN the battery swells just a little , you can not get the battery out . Unless you send it to Mag Light and pay them $ 25.00 plus shipping to get the batteries out , you can toss the light in the garbage . NOTHING will get the batteries out , NOTHING . I was using top line batteries . Ridiculous design , batteries always swell over time due to the chemical reaction . Get one , and sometime down the road , it will do the same thing . Battery warranties cover leakage , not MINOR swelling , so that wo n't help.You are warned.My opinion , waste of money . Fancy , good looking , and well made junk , due to the battery tube tolerances . Nice to look at , feels good , worthless after a year or so .
 I received this Mag light in Dec 2010 for a Christmas gift.I installed brand new batteries and used it occasional for the next 6 months and really liked the flashlight . It is solid/heavy and puts out a decent amount of light . However , I went to change the batteries after 6 months and they would not come out . I eventually got 2 out , but have never been able to get the 3rd D-cell out , as it appears corroded in the flashlight . I have never had a problem with batteries corroding and getting stuck in any other flashlight , especially not after 6 months.After searching on-line , this apparently is pretty common . I 'm not sure if it is some chemical interaction between the metal of the flashlight and the battery casing , but numerous individuals have posted similar problems online . The manufacturer seems nice enough , but would only help with this problem if you had Duracell or Energizer -LRB- I do n't recall which I had -RRB- as those companies would replace the flashlight . The manufacturer offered to repair it , but the shipping & cost they charge to fix it would be more than the flashlight costs new . I have always heard good things about Mag lights , but in the future I will stay away from any Mag light , as this one will be going in the trash after 6 months of light use .
 I wo n't buy this product again , I 'll drop an extra $ 7.00 and buy 3M brand instead.I ordered grits 120 thru 320 , as far as sanding goes it does that . The main problem with this product was that the adhesive stuck to my wooden sanding blocks and was a pain in the butt to remove ; as it delaminated leaving layers of the sticky backing and paper to be removed for several frustrating minutes each time I changed paper . I 've used 3M products and this has never a problem.Also , the 320 had gunky black marks on the sanding face ... anyone in quality control over there ?
 The paper is fine but the spool it comes on is the wrong size for standard dispensers . Image shown showed a 1 '' center roller when in reality it was 3-4 '' . Rather than send it back I had to `` reroll '' it on the old spools which was both time consuming and impossible to keep even and tight .
 At least Amazon removed the wrong photos that lead me to think I was getting the main top unit , and they change the wording in the description too . As I was the victim of bait & switch by DVault . One thing I did learn , DVault 's customer service will care less and not respond if you have any issue with this item , and you will have to use your Guarantee A-Z through Amazon to get your $ 368 -LRB- item & shipping -RRB- return to you.This items is very strongly made , which with worthless customer service by DVault it better be as once it fails you are SOL . Be warned that it suppose to be a wall mounted mail box , as most walls are 4 '' -6 '' space , and this is 14 '' , so it will stick out from the wall a good 8 '' -10 '' . As most homes or business places this can be installed , never took into account a loss of 10 '' of passage space , you can count on smacking your knee on it from time to time , or tearing your dress as leg hit the corner of heavy gauge steel that will not give . Be sure to have a First-aid kit nearby .
 This item is just the glass casing . There is no light kit to attach a light bulb to the fan . I think the labeling is deceptive . There is no light kit ; all you get is a glass bowl with a 4 inch opening .
 Purchased to keep Odyssey batteries -LRB- AGM -RRB- topped off due to infrequent use . The marketing materials suggest the charger works well with AGM batterys , however I do n't see that . It would appear the unit is a bit conservative , as it goes in to monitoring mode well before battery is fully charged . An Odyssey battery that has been rested for a while should show 12.8 v or higher volts when at room temperature and fully charged . The charger went into monitoring suggesting full charge , so I removed the charger and found only 12.5 v . If I had rested the battery , it would have been even lower , so I 'm concluding that this charger could be good for only preventing deep discharge , which is not a big worry with AGMs anyway , so for me this charger has very limited value .
 But with that said , I expected this seemingly simple gadget to perform as intended , at least for a while . I used it to charge/tend a 1 yr old 12v battery and it seemed okay
 e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e just reaching the word limit but not useful at all
 I have a motorcycle and a supercar that I drive infrequently and decided to purchase two Battery Tenders to keep the batteries charged to avoid surprises when I want to drive them only to find the battery dead.I did a custom install on both vehicles to semi-permently install the battery-charging interface cable so that it is always available and requires only plugging in the Battery Tender . This task was easy and took only a few minutes for the motorcycle and a bit longer for the supercar -- which is not surprising as everything takes longer in a car that is barely 40 inches tall.The chargers work more or less as advertised , though when I used one to charge my sedan 's battery , it never was able to show fully charged with a steady green light . I do n't know why that is . The battery is new and the Battery Tender worked correctly the first time , but failed the second time.The real disappointment is these units are real electricity drains . They run very hot and never shut off regardless of battery charge status , sucking electricity constantly . I was very surprised as these units are described as ` intelligent ' designs . It would be simply enough to include a circuit that occasionally checks the battery status and then shuts the unit off . I am not so happy that I have these electricity drains on constantly , so I wind up unplugging and replugging them in often , essentially defeating the purpose . I could do the same with my regular battery charger , which charges must faster and costs nothing.I ca n't recommend these chargers because of this power-wasting design . It 's very disappointing the design is so poor and could be easily corrected .
 It 's amazing that this item has got so many 5-star votes . Clearly it 's using really old technology and wasting so much electric power to give out merely 750mA . Mine gets so hot it feels like a small iron set at low output that stays on all the time . I hooked it to my 90 % full battery and 4 days later the LED light still shows red . I returned it for one with switching power , this type of wall-wart is just not good for your electric bill . Save the environment , stay away from it .
 I put the tender on my bike and leave it . When I go back to check on it it does n't seem to be working .
 This never worked . I called the manufacturer and they would n't do anything . I sold it at a yard sale for $ 1 and I feel ikie I took advantage of the guy .
 I bought my first Battery Tender Jr. about 20 years ago -LRB- for an antique car that I drove infrequently -RRB- and it worked fine for over 15 years . I included it with that antique car when I sold it , and as far as I know , it still works.Based on my prior experience , on November 4 , 2010 , I bought another Battery Tender Jr. from Amazon for another infrequently driven car . It is now less than 1 year later , and that Battery Tender Jr. got so hot that the plastic case buckled and separated at the seam . So , planning to return it under warranty , I read their terms . Not only do I have to pay to ship that defective unit back to Deltran -LRB- which I expected -RRB- , they also charge a fee for `` Warranty Evaluation , Shipping & Handling '' ! That is OUTRAGEOUS ! Since I have my receipt , my fee would be only $ 7.95 -LRB- if no receipt , fee is $ 11.95 -RRB- . It would cost me $ 18.90 -LRB- $ 7.95 plus $ 10.95 USPS Flat Rate medium box -RRB- to return it -LRB- or $ 22.90 if I did n't have a receipt - which is more than the $ 21.39 cost of a new one from Amazon delivered ! -RRB- Why bother with a warranty claim ? If that was Deltran 's plan from the outset - to discourage warranty claims - their so-called `` warranty '' is a fraudulent misrepresentation.No doubt that my first , 20-year old Battery Tender Jr. was made in the USA . Not so with the second one - the label says `` Made in China '' . A piece of Junk !
 This charger would be great . It 's compact and has all the features it needs . But mine died after 2 days maintaining a full battery . My store is not unique . Motorcycle forums are full of people who had the same experience , and the warranty is worthless because you have to pay for a nonrefundable `` Warranty Inspection '' , which costs almost as much as the charger , in order to find out if they will honor the warranty . And then you are responsible for shipping.All the forums say the same thing
 The battery is brand new and barely used . I bought a battery tender to keep the battery charged , because of the lack of use . The Battery Tender Jr topped off the charge within 15 to 30 minutes the first 4 times I used the tender . Then the fifth time , the tender charge light stayed red . I phoned Deltran to discuss . The first person interrupted my first sentence to tell me it takes up to 72 hours to charge . I tried to tell her how I do n't use the battery , and about the 4 previous charges taking only minutes , and suddenly # 5 was different , but she kept innterrupting me to lecture me that I had to let her finish talking . No clue how she could provide usable information , since she did n't let me explain what has happened . After she went on lecturing excessively about letting her talk , I finally asked for another technician , who was excellent . I did a couple tests with her on the phone , and , while the indicator light passed the functionality test , it stayed red when connected to the battery . One thing I learned was that , after two hours , the charger should have been hot , and it was only warm to the touch . -- Later
 I bought this one because I lost my first one . I used the Balck and decker model and decided to try this brand . MISTAKE.It worked well at first , but when I decided to use it a few months later to trickle charge my motorcycle battery , it wouldnt charge.I checked the fuse
 Not a durable product and , from other reviewers , it appears that the manufacture/distributor is quite flaky and difficult to work with.Just another `` made in China '' product . Cheaply made . No fuse on the charging unit itself . No voltage protection . As long as it works , and while it does get unusually hot even when it is not charging , you might be okay with the Battery Tender . Just keep it away from anything flamable.Batteries are far more complicated than most people give them credit for . You can buy a new battery and have immediate problems with it . A battery may last for many , many years or may fail within a short period of time.Often , it is difficult to trace an electrical problem back to a bad battery . Accordingly , it would be unfair to criticize the Battery Tender for damaging a battery but , the bigger issue appears to be the durability of the Battery Tender itself .
 Started using these tenders over 10 years ago , back then they worked great . I have a lot of batteries so I am continually adding tenders and the ones I have bought in the last few years have mostly been junk . As others have said the warranty `` is n't '' so you basically are tossing 20 dollars away . I 'm buying another brand now , they cost a little more but have been rock solid for the last couple of years .
 This battery tender worked like it was supposed to for about14 months then diedNot worth the price for such a short time product . Would not recommend this productpresently using a similar product from harbor freight which cost 80 % less and worksgreat
 Had the Battery Junior hooked to my KLR650 for 8 mos storage over the winter in garage . Went to start -- nothing . Checked the battery and to my great dismay , it was totally dry . The Tender had completely baked all the cells dry . It 's NOT supposed to do that . The battery was terminated with ensuing great cost for replacement . Called Battery Tender and they said since the charger is more than a year old , nothing we can do . `` We sorry '' .
 I believe that if a company gives a long warranty on a product , that it should be robust enough to beat the warranty period without failing . Well my Battery Tender Jr has failed at the 3.5 year mark of a 5 year warranty -LRB- does not go to float stage -RRB- . Besides the cost of shipping the unit back to Deltran , the manufacturer , I am seeing website reviews where Deltran is charging a service fee to look at the item , even if it 's still under warranty . This certainly makes shipping the Battery Tender Jr. not worth the return . I will buy another manufacturer 's charger instead of investing in this potentially unreliable product . This product was only used once every couple of months for approximately 12hr-long charging periods . Besides not going to float stage on my 4 yr old classic car battery -LRB- and it is 4 yrs old . . so that can be an issue -RRB- , it would not go to ` float ' stage on my brand new 1-month old Duralast Gold Group 25 truck battery -LRB- just verifying the ` failure ' of the Battery Tender to properly function -RRB- . Case closed .
 This product did n't last more than 2 hours . I have been using Deltran battery chargers for my car and motorcycle for years . Last summer I purchased a replacement unit for my motorcycle . I got 3 defective units in a row , never lasting more than a month . I switched to a competitor brand 7 months ago with no problems since . My girlfriend had the same problem with Deltran chargers on her bike . I thought it was a bad production batch . I purchased this unit for my car . The old unit lasted about 3 years . This unit lasted about 2 hours . I emailed Deltran and received a form letter stating they save cost by producing the unit in China . I returned the unit and went to Autozone , purchased a another brand with no problems .
 I went through 3 Battery Tender Junior products -LRB- bought here on Amazon -RRB- before giving up on them . My second car does n't get driven but once or so a month and replacing the battery is not only expensive but it 's a pain as well -LRB- hard to get to -RRB- . The Battery Tenders just sat and worked away trying to reach full charge but would never get there . None would trip over into maintenance mode -LRB- the battery was about one year old -RRB- . All 3 did the same thing on my truck battery as well -LRB- driven daily and with a 2 year old battery -RRB- . The wall warts all got so hot I was afraid they may become a fire hazard . I kept trying them because they were so highly rated . I figured maybe I just kept getting a dud . I finally ran across the Pulse Tech unit here on Amazon and it works as advertised . Amazon was really good about the exchanges ... as always .
 If you send Deltron your faulty Battery Tender Junior along with about half of what you paid for it they will call and tell you how much it will cost you to have them fix it . I did n't believe it either . I went to their website for more information as the Warranty suggested and could find nothing . I will fix it myself ; with a hammer .
 works intermittenly -LRB- have to move or jiggle to get to work , it 's not the 110 volt connection -RRB- poor product . required word
 This product does not work for any of the batteries I own . I thought it was because my battery was dead , but I had it tested and it was healthy .
 The product was delivered on time . The inverter ordered with the charger came late no fault of the supplier I must add . When the charger was tested on a new 20 amp hour battery it powered up with a red light . The light remained on for about 5 minutes then went off . No lights have come on since . The cost of shipping this product back is more than the cost of the product . I have heard of a friend that had the same problem thought that it was a one off but there is something serious wrong with this product and it should be discontinued .
 The product is useless , it 's unsuitable for empty batteries . I highly recommend to not purchase this product . This is a hidden fact , you wo n't find it in the product description .
 2 months after I got it and went to vacation , this piece of junk failed , went short and destroyed $ 100 battery . You do n't need this `` fancy '' thing with LED lights to tell you what it 's doing -LRB- or not -RRB- . They are trying to invent Ohm law all over again . To keep your battery charged , you need ordinary battery charger . You can buy 12V/1000 mA charger for much less and use it at the same way without flashing lights in different color . Do n't waste your money on fancy junk .
 If you are going to use it outside of USA for a 220v -LRB- 50Hz -RRB- outlet and with a 220v/110v transformer , this charger may be not quite good for you . I have purchased two and they all stop to work completely after only 2 times of use . I think that there is some kind of protection circuit that `` cuts-off '' connection but with no way to know how to get it back.I also purchased another Deltran battery charger : Deltran Battery Tender 12-Volt 800 milliamp Waterproof Battery Chargerand this one is very good and does n't need transformer because its input is 100-240 and only about $ 10 more expensive .
 My husband hates this battery charger , it does n't work as good as the big chargers , he said it was a waste of money
 4/14/2009 10:14 AM.Can ' t give a real good report when I never received the product . The service is not any good , because I did n't get any service nor I did n't get what I ordered either , so I ca n't say anything good about this company.So ~ one thing I do know is you ca n't count on this company that I ordered from when they do n't ship one 's order.But they did n't have any problem taking my money . That they seemed to do quit easily with no problem at all.I hope I do n't have to order anything from them ever in the future.Signed by I 'm Pooped ~ ~ DR of Las Vegas , NV .
 sent item back wrong item sent , it is 1 month later and still no charger
 The batterie I purchased the charger for , is very low , but the chargerwo n't turn on to charge the batterie.The light on the charger is blinking red .
 I bought 6 of these , and hooked to various SLA batteries . Bright move , I thought , as I was getting tired of replacing SLA batteries.So far : Three of the batteries have gone completely dead while connected to this `` tender '' , and one of them boiled all the water out.Waste of money .
 As a charge maintainer , it is great . But if you need something to recharge a dead battery , be prepared to wait a long time before you get a full charge . Mine took two days to recharge even after I borrowed a larger battery charger to get a partial charge for my Ford F150 which has a large , heavy duty battery .
 I had one of these and paid way to much for it . I bought it to top off three 12v scooter batteries before daisy chaining them for a 36v scooter . Got it out recently to do the same with 4 small scooter batteries and it burnt out before I could them done . I 'm buying a real SC-300A charger/maintainer for about what I paid for this thing . This is a miniscule 0.75 AMP compared to 3.0 AMP for the SC-300A . Both come with the same 3 connectors .
 Bought this charger to charge a security system 12 volt rechargeable battery . I charged it for 12 hours and it did not charge the battery . I tried another 12 v battery and got the same results . I sent it back for a refund .
 After one year on the battery tender , both the battery and the battery tender were ruined . The batter tender clips corroded through , and the battery was ruined due to being over-charged .
 I do n't recommend this product at all I used it only twice to charge my 12v battery and it got damaged
 This product is the worst on the market . It will fail when you least expect it and within a month of purchase . Buy a Yuasa .
 Bought this item back in 2010 and it worked fine until a couple of week ago . The green light just flashes quickly and does n't charge . To send the charger back to Deltran and paying for the warranty cost just as much as a new one . I would suggest getting the Battery Tender plus or other maintainers .
 I bought one of these and while it seemed to work fine for several months , it did n't last a year before it died . Not sure what happened but it would n't charge . I have had good luck with the Yuasa brand chargers and prefer them now exclusively .
 Ordered this product and received it quickly . Unfortunately it did not work correctly . After speaking with the company and trying their suggestions to fix it they finally agreed to allow me to return it for a replacement . They did n't want to pay the return shipping but finally agreed to that as well . I do n't like it when I am forced to negotiate to get what should be normal in a defective product situation . After receiving the new charger it worked or at least seemed to work okay . After a couple weeks I checked on it and it was doing the exact same thing as the original charger . It made me wonder if they sent the same one back to me . I must confess I was tired of dealing with it so I just chocked it up to a loss . I did not want to get into another negotiation with return shipping and trouble shooting . I guess they won the round but lost a customer . I will not buy from them again .
 I received 2 units and both were faulty which is bad enough but the quality of the build was like something from China back in the 50 's . Wiring is so flimsy that it falls off the circuit board if touched . The printing on the casing was faded and offline , plus the fact it did not work in either case.DON ' T BUY THIS PRODUCT IT IS JUNK .
 I purchased this as an alarm for my front door . The `` chime '' is as loud as the alarm , so anytime you open the door , the entry chime blasts in your ear and wakes the neighbors . It 's an annoying product you should AVOID !
 This is hard to review as the alarm is loud enough to wake the dead , not too sure it has n't here . However , my star rating comes down on functional frustrations . It worked fine for awhile -LRB- about 2 months -RRB- and now I ca n't get the delay part of it to work so I can leave with it still in tack . It is supposed to work so you have two minutes to leave before it goes off . But the second you open the door the 10 second warning starts counting down . Great when it works , but frustrating to get it to work if you ever can . Not worth the money in my book .
 I like the way this product looks on the Amazon page . It 's only $ .79 ea , so I go to order 33 of them for my entire kitchen . I see that the total for the product is $ 26.07 and they want to charge me $ 4.49 EACH for S+H ! A $ 26 order will cost $ 148 to ship ?! Outrageous . I know this is through a third-party shipper , but it reflects poorly on Amazon that they 'd let this type of thing to happen on their pages .
 The paper is fine but the spool it comes on is the wrong size for standard dispensers . Image shown showed a 1 '' center roller when in reality it was 3-4 '' . Rather than send it back I had to `` reroll '' it on the old spools which was both time consuming and impossible to keep even and tight .
 I purchased two of these Dewalt DW7232 supports but one had a defective finish on top surface that could scratch or mar prefinished items such as moldings . I tried to return it for an exchange but the Amazon website return procedure would not process my request for some reason . There is no phone number I could find on the Amazon website for help in returning an item . Next time I 'll order from another source that responds to their customer 's requests .
 I bought the dewalt stand a couple of years ago.The stand itself is well engineered , well made.But when they got to this support arm , apparently someone went to sleep , did n't care , whatever . Dewalt really failed with this one .
 Maybe Ive been spoiled , but the roll I had before this was made by Klingspor and only costs a couple of dollars more . I tried to find it here but could n't and needed some 150 quick . I still have some of the old Klingspor and when sanding raw baltic birch plywood and solid pine the Klingspor out lasts this stuff by at least 10 times . Not only that but even after it 's started to wear out a little it 's still way sharper and more effective than this stuff when fresh.jus ' sayin '
 The paper is fine but the spool it comes on is the wrong size for standard dispensers . Image shown showed a 1 '' center roller when in reality it was 3-4 '' . Rather than send it back I had to `` reroll '' it on the old spools which was both time consuming and impossible to keep even and tight .
 I received a cancellation order due to the item being out of stock by Wayfair.The problem - it took 3 weeks and 3 days to get this info!My shower is still not working and I have to start all over again - major bummer!Why sell something you do not have ?
 Beware that this is the FiShock A-6 electric fence tester , not the FiShock -LRB- multi-light -RRB- A-65 . Confusing names and similar size product and photos . With the similar Amazon currrent price , the A65 model is a much better deal . -LRB- And if you do n't buy directly from Amazon , returns are much more of a hassle ... -RRB- This product photo should be clearer to avoid ambiguity .
 These pads were really bad they got a little hot when in use and then the adhesive that hold the Velcro to the pad gave up and the pad would fly off . I would not recommend this product
 The picture on this iteam is very missleading . I bought this for my 10 year old and when she opened the package it was just a case . That was all she was so upset she cried because there is not a viola or bow . We where very dissapointed .
 I agree with the previous review.I also bought this for my 10 year old son , and when he opened the package it was just a case . That was all he got . he was so upset because there is not a viola or bow . We were very dissapointed
 This light is not as bright nor works as well as a 3-D LED LIGHT . Very disappointed with the Maglite . I have one of the original 5 cell D lites and wont get rid of it . Why is the 3-D brighter thazn the 4-D lite . ??????????
 This flashlight is advertised as `` 4-D Cell '' when in reality it only has 3 D cell batteries . I bought this one specifically for the extra length an extra battery would give it -- to make it a better self defense weapon . I already have a 3 D Cell Maglite , and it works great as a flashlight and a potential small club , but I wanted something with more heft and length.I 've had 3 electricity blackouts over the past year that have each lasted 4-5 days and I 've found the club aspect of my current flashlight very reassuring when walking around my darkened home at night ; a 4 D cell light would have been even better . Make sure that you will be happy with a 3 D cell light as that is what you will get.I can not comment on the brightness or longevity of this flashlight as I am returning it without opening the package ... And here 's an update to my initial review above
 I must say I was very disappointed with this purchase . I had bought this to replace an old one that was stolen from my home -LRB- btw the old maglites were awesome !! -RRB- When I got the new MAGLITE flashlight , I noticed the LED light looks different than the Maglite LED 3D flashlight that I also have . Plus , when I checked for the extra bulb behind the tailcap , I got a regular bulb NOT AN LED BULB !! Furthermore the DURACELL batteries exploded inside the flashlight so I didnt have a chance to use it . I called MAGLITE , and they said they were not responsible , and to call Duracell , ugh !! In Conclusion , I bought another one from a retail store , and If I have any problems I will return it and get another . Fortunately I kept all the parts and just replaced the bulb . FYI you can buy the LED kits from NITEIZE.COM , or any store that carry it , like Sports Chalet .
 To say I 'm disappointed is an understatement ! I have many LED flashlights , from many differant makers . All of them are better than the Maglight , even there own AA version . As the second reviewer stated , there is a huge black hole in the beem , with exception of the tightest setting on the focus ! I am going to try and send it back , but since it was bubble packed , and I opened it and put batteries in to check it out , I do n't know if I will be able to ? I should have paid more attention to the reviews , as the second one I read stated this very thing ! Live , be stupid , and learn . I ca n't even say I did n't know , because I read the reviews . I decided to try it because almost all the other reviews never mentioned it . I guess it must not have mattered the majority of those buyers ? But it certainly does to me !
 I ordered these lamps but they are nothing like I expected , I threw the shipping box away and so I had to keep them , but they are not what I wanted . If there 's a way I can return these items , I would like to do so , they are useless to me.Thank you .
 The product specification indicated it was silicon carbide -LRB- a premium abrasive -RRB- The vendor shipped aluminum oxide -LRB- a lower cost abrasive which is not as sharp -RRB- . When I inquired the vendor insisted they were equivilant . This vendor continues to offer a material they do not intend to supply .
 I like the grit ; but the sticky side was only a little sticky and parts would n't stick at all . I ended up glueing parts of the sandpaper where I needed it to stick on .
 The product specifications was listed as silicon carbide -LRB- a premium abrasive -RRB- . It was actually aluminum oxide -LRB- a lower grade abrasive -RRB- . Vendor claimed it was equivalent . They continure to incorrectly advertise a material they can not supply
 We installed this handle and used it for 3 weeks and it jammed just like the other reviewers . I purchased this thinking the other reviewers got lemon door latches but I would not recommend anyone to buy this product . Off to find a different door latch .
 Same thing happened to me as the other review mentioned , after 3 weeks of use . Contacted Amazon and they send me a new one . So far so good , but it sounds like it is n't going to last.Update . This one lasted a bit longer , a month and a half . It 's total junk . Get one made out of metal .
 Purchased this model at a local hardware store . Within two days , the pushbutton on the outer handle became jammed and snagged on the inner portion of the handle.Unscrewed it and released the bind , thinking it was a fluke . One more use verified that this thing is garbage . The pushrod for the button is made of plastic . It bent and became bound on some portion of the inner handle , and can not be unbound without completely removing the handle.My previous handle , which had a metal pushrod , lasted ten years . This handle lasted two days .
 We really liked this product very much . Examined the box , which was a total mess . The inner box , not the Amazon package . Started the installation . Put everything together and when it was up on the ceiling we found that the base plate was bent . Returned to Amazon for credit . The design was fine and exactly what we were looking for , but no more in stock so we moved on . If it 's in stock I would certainly recommend it to you .
 I am dissapointed in shower head . It should be called a drizzle shower head instead . I will be replacing this product for something better !
 My UV clarifier is probably 10 or 11 months old and it 's already dead . The bulb burned out about 6 weeks ago , well short of its 1 year expected life , and was replaced . Last weekend I noticed the light was dead . I replaced the $ 80 bulb , plugged it back in , and nothing . The UV clarifier is dead . Typical . Ca n't anyone many anything that actually works anymore?It 's also annoying that the input and output tubes have such a tiny diameter . I think they went out of their way to find a size that was difficult to convert to more standard sized tubes.EDIT
 I have used the 40 watt Pondmaster units for several years . Generally they do an excellent job of clarifying the water . Three units keep my 6000 gallon pond very clear . However , the ballast is subject to damage because the gasket around the quartz sleeve pushes into a pressure switch at the base of the unit . After using the unit for a few years , the gasket becomes distorted , lets water into the electical fixture , allowing the ballast to burn out . A replacement ballast costs over $ 100 and is difficult to find . I have a collection of four or five burned out ballasts that ca n't be repaired . Since bulbs last about two seasons , it generally costs about the same amount to buy a new unit as it does to replace all of the parts -LRB- ballast , quartz sleeve , and bulb -RRB- . Hopefully this is not a deliberate strategy by the company to sell replacemente units , but one has to wonder .
 This UV clarifier is one of the worst products I have encountered avaialable for consumer purchase . The halos will fail after about a year ; the unit will disintegrate , resulting in a huge leak and the pond will be pumped dry unless the pump has a float switch . The manufacturer claims the clarifier may be installed outside the pond . WRONG . The environment will eventually degrade the halo connections and they will crack , leak and fail . Please do n't purchase this horrible product .
 Bought mine a year ago and the ballast gave out after about 3 months . Pondmaster does not sell any replacement parts except for the bulbs -LRB- now have 2 good ones -RRB- . Pondmaster website contact would n't return emails . Ballast is sealed and can not be removed to be replaced.Warranty was void because I had to add an extension to the cord -LRB- this is no way affected the ballast - I extensively bench-tested the unit -RRB- . Expensive piece of tubing at this point . It did work fairly well while it worked .
 I bought this product 2 months ago and the bulb is no longer working :-LRB- . I called Amazon and they want me to contact the company that makes the item and ask for a replacement or a refund.I do think it `` s Amazon 's job to follow up on this matter since i bought the product from them . Today 4/16/2011 I called the amazon customer service and the danner company , since it is Saturday I left a message , will see if they even bother calling back . No result as of now .4 / 18/2011 No one called back or email back from danner company : -LRB- So i called the amazon again , one lady help me and said they can refund me the money , i ask her if they can just replace it instead of refund , i like the item and i need it in my pond . She said sure she can , but she didnt told me that i am going to get only a partial payment since i am paying the shipping fee for the return .4 / 28/2011 Amazon got the item back , and going to refund me a partial amount.So i called Amazon again since the last lady didnt told me with all this shipping fee and partial amount . Thankfully this time the lady make it straight . She just cancel my refund and replace the item with a new one . I am glad someone could help me this time . I just wish it happen the first call and not multiple calls.The product works so well and i hope it will last longer this time .
 Purchased in May and by August the UV light had burned out . Worked good but did n't last.Added remark : After replacing the light tube the ballast failed at 140 days of use .
 I bought this because it was advertised as a `` locking '' door pull , but it has no locking features whatsoever , just latches on either side and can be opened from either side ... just like dozens of other similar latches on the net ...
 In response to the other posters complaining that its not a secure lock ... its not . No pocket door latches are that I 've seen . They can all be unlatched from the other side with a screwdriver or a coin and a little bit of effort . They 're designed that way intentionally . If you want a secure locking door that you ca n't open from the other side at all , do n't have a pocket door . They 're usually for closets and bathrooms where you only need to deter someone from mistakenly walking in on you.that being said , i do n't like this lock simply because the screw holes are so close to the hole cutout that you 'll invariably split the wood trying to drive in the 4 securing screws . I ended up having to glue it on the door ! Poorly engineered .
 went i got my purchase , it did not work , i replase the batteries and it stell did not work.i requst a refund.do not buy .
 This faucet arrived with the wrong set of instructions in the box . We tried telephoning the help number provided with the instructions and discovered that the instructions were for a different faucet . We finally resorted to a plumber and that cost $ 250.00 .
 I would like to say I liked this sander , but I ordered it on May 13th and just received the second notice of delayed shipment . If the sander comes after this new delay , it will have taken two months to get it . My suggestion would be to find someplace else to order it . My dissatisfaction with Amazon grows with each order .
 First order arrived broken -LRB- plate on disc sander cracked -RRB- . Broke a vertebrae getting it all loaded up and returned -LRB- had to get to a loading dock ! -RRB- . Took another month for the second sander to arrive . It was missing 2 stand parts , so I had to build a separate stand . Amazon never shipped the new parts.Sander goes together easy , works well . Powerful . Buy it at one of the many other good tool sites . My last Amazon tool purchase .
 I ordered this item on Dec. 8th , 2004 . I asked for 3-day shipping to get it sooner . HA ! It is now Jan. 4th 2005 and it is on its 2nd deferred shipping date of Jan 13-15th . Any bets that they make this one ? I asked for some assurances but received none . -- So what good is a good price if you never get it ?
 Good luck getting this machine serviced or repaired . Try and get Jet Tools on the phone . Just try . Nothing in Seattle or Portland that will even touch it . You probably could mail it away someplace , but at the weight ... again ... good luck .
 i recieve this item broken , i order 2 one was in good condition , the oter came in pieces out of the box . it more trouble for me to return it so i kept it for parts
 They do not send u model UBIZ1515 they send u the very old version of this breaker ... version R38 . Beware !!!
 Used it periodically for small minor projects . Lightly used for 13 months now . The torque function no longer works on it so i have a hard time screwing anything down . There is a 1 year warranty on it but item broke a month after warranty : -LRB-
 This product does insulate well . I got my first set at a big box home improvement chain and these worked well . Got a second set from Amazon looking to save money . Problem was that the packaging was non supportive of this long product and one of the 2 sets were bent . Could not get the bend out with the supplies and knowlege that I possess . To get the product out of the packaging I had to destroy the packaging . It became too expensive and time consumming to send the item back and so I ate the cost . This is a product that should be bought in person and not shipped . At least not by amazon .
 I have gotten only medocre results with this . Both with their mud and with dry mix . I think it may just take a lot of practice . so maybe the first 30 times do n't count . But for orange peel , it seems to have trouble making the small drops . it can do ok after a lot of fooling around , and for $ 50 it beats the alternatives . If I had a compressor I would get a regular gun .
 We installed this handle and used it for 3 weeks and it jammed just like the other reviewers . I purchased this thinking the other reviewers got lemon door latches but I would not recommend anyone to buy this product . Off to find a different door latch .
 Same thing happened to me as the other review mentioned , after 3 weeks of use . Contacted Amazon and they send me a new one . So far so good , but it sounds like it is n't going to last.Update . This one lasted a bit longer , a month and a half . It 's total junk . Get one made out of metal .
 Purchased this model at a local hardware store . Within two days , the pushbutton on the outer handle became jammed and snagged on the inner portion of the handle.Unscrewed it and released the bind , thinking it was a fluke . One more use verified that this thing is garbage . The pushrod for the button is made of plastic . It bent and became bound on some portion of the inner handle , and can not be unbound without completely removing the handle.My previous handle , which had a metal pushrod , lasted ten years . This handle lasted two days .
 I needed an adjustable wrench that would open up to 1-1/2 '' . This wrench would only open to 1-3/8 '' . It was advertised to open to 1-1/2 '' . Not only that problem , but the casting was so rough inside the slide mechanism , that the adjustment wheel would hang up about 1/2 way down . With some help from sandpaper , a Dremel tool , and some grease , I was able to remedy some of the problems , but still not perfect . I thought about returning the tool , but I finally decided to learn a lesson and accept the fact `` you usually get what you pay for '' .
 This product has good looks , but installation is terrible . The towel bar ends use one long screw thru the center of each end to hold them on the wall . It is not stable and pulls the molly out of the drywall . If you can put it in a wood stud , it would be okay . Drywall installation is poor .
 The product is alright , but they delivered it late and then on top of that delivered the wrong bed frame .
 The description is not accurate . It does NOT , NOT , NOT have notches on extensions that lock onto ratchet drive . As a result if you turn the ratchet over it falls right off . Tekton/Michigan Industrial Tools Customer Service made it right in record time and sent me replacements that are as described . I would not hesitate to do business with them again .
 This product broke when pressure was applied . This set was an inexpensive alternative to brand name , well known manufacturers product . Live and learn .
 This set is not for the 1999-2000 7.3 . The large wrench is way to big -LRB- over 80mm -RRB- . It should be 54mm . I emailed KD tools and they were clueless - they were not interested in resolving my problem or fixing the application label on their product . The vendor whom I purchased the set from did a good job .
 BEWARE ! This material is supposed to be white , but it is really translucent . You can see the color of the cables inside it . It 's not white unless you put all white cables inside .
 Could n't load staples in it . I 'm sure I was using the correct ones because there 's a label on the side of the stapler indicating product numbers of staples that fit . Vigorous application of 8 lb sledgehammer to product revealed it to be made of poor quality metal .
 Knowing what it is now , I would n't have bought this DVD for $ 25 . Go watch some Youtube videos and you 'll get as good an understanding as you get from this video . Or for a little more money I also purchased an instructional video from metal shaping zone that I am happy with.This video is dull and lacking in actual weld puddle control content .
 After reading the review by `` pompous windbag , '' I was hesitant to order this saw from Amazon . I should have been more hesitant . Amazon failed to respond to my first email -LRB- sent right after I ordered the saw -RRB- asking them to confirm that I would in fact be receiving the 708482K . The saw delivered was NOT the 708482K . After calling customer service and asking AGAIN for Amazon to confirm that the saw they were RE-SENDING would be the 708482K , I received a form letter response . I sent another email asking for a confirmation and got yet another form letter response . It is readily apparent , that in an effort to save costs , Amazon , to their detriment , relies more on technology to solve customer problems that require human beings . Still without the correct saw ...
 I bought this Milwaukee edge guide from Amazon and it came in factory-sealed packaging . There is so much slop in the design that I doubt that a 1/128-inch adjustment is repeatable . Better yet , the fine adjustment knob on my guide had damaged threads and would not turn at all . The person who assembled it forced it into place . The knob is steel and the sliding part that it goes into is aluminum . The threads in the aluminum part were chewed up as a result . Both guide rods were also severely corroded at the ends and one rod was starting to corrode along its length.Milwaukee seems to have really terrible quality control -LRB- if at all -RRB- in their router division . I 'm crossing my fingers that the replacement unit will be in much better shape than this one.UPDATE 6/09
 Far below Milwaukee quality standards , there is nothing `` heavy-duty '' about this edge guide . Made in China , crudely designed , you will need to buff the threads and oil them before the mechanism will even begin to adjust smoothly . This is what you may expect from Black & Decker or Skil , but to attach this third-world accessory to the superb Milwaukee router is ridiculous . A joke at nearly $ 30 , at least it 's all metal . The only reason to buy
 The first thing that shocked me when I started handling this item new out of the box is the pits and scratches in the larger tools -LRB- knife , saw , ruler -RRB- . They looked used , even though I bought this brand new . I then looked down at my hands and saw that they were covered in the black finish - it was like I had been reading a newspaper . The finish comes right off on your fingers . Lastly , the scissors do not fold smoothly into place inside of the handle . When fully closed , the tip of the blade still extends outside , giving a sharp edge to either cut yourself on or to snag on things coming out of your pocket or sheath . I 've never returned something to amazon before ... looks like there 's a first time for everything . Here I thought Gerber meant quality , not trash .
 I am a general contractor on Nantucket and am always trying to source different items through different retailers and distributors . I can say that these items are complete garbage . The way that these units are designed and constructed will lead ALL of them to fail . I installed 20 + in one cottage , and within 5 days , 14 had literally fallen apart . Their is no reason to ever purchase these . If you like the style of sash lock , as I do , purchase the ones made my IVES . They are solid brass and have a completely different construction but nearly identical look .
 Not at nall impressed . Sholuld have bought something better , OK for a once in a while household user but nothing more .
 designed to use a wrench at top but who fit proper made tools so just another screwdriver and crappie at that . . I 'LL NEVER BUT tekon PRODUSTS AGAIN .
 This DVD is a total waste of money.The DVD is well made , but the information and depth is not what would be expected from a beginers instructional Welding DVD.It offers nothing that you can not get for more and for free off the internet.In fact , the information on the web and youtube are superior to this DVD.Here is my tip for you : If you have not bought an auto darkening helmet yet , use the money you save from this DVD and buy the helmet by adding another $ 25 . The Helmet will last longer and it will surely improve your welding.Something this DVD will not do .
 Be warned if you buy from DVault , and need to an exchange or return , you may have to write that $ 400 - $ 800 price you paid DVault as a lost ... I spent $ 368 on an item from DVault . What was shipped to me was not what the photography showed . Amazon.com and their great customer service agreed that the photo did NOT match what was sent , and Amazon.com said how it was DVault who set up the photos and ad.Amazon.com was seeing about crediting my lost $ 368 through A-Z Guarantee , when DVault faced with losing the right to sell on Amazon.com stepped in and said they would handle the return and refund.DVault where previously they never responded to e-mails or phone calls , sent out a e-mal that had big bold letter at the top -LRB- 2nd Notification -RRB- , the next e-mail DVault sent out also had big bold letters at the top , stating -LRB- 2nd Notifications -RRB- , when in fact there was never any 1st Notification.DVault said to just use the enclosed UPS prepaid address label to return the item , but as it was addressed to me the buyer and not DVault that would have not helped at all in returning the package which weight 44 lb to begin with.As my printer was out of ink , DVault had to mail me a prepaid address label . Only problem it was mailed the cheapest 4th class mail as DVault comes across as being cheap , by their actions . Add in the fact as the pre-paid return label which DVault sent to me , it required the customer , I to pay a portion of the shipping . Amazon.com stated how DVault was supposed to send a pre-paid return address label where DVault would pay all of the shipping . Just another proof of the substandard customer service of DVault.It approaching 3 months , and still no refund , even though UPS tracking shows that DVault did receive the return in the original carton and all packing materiel , -LRB- DVault probably want to be able to send the wrong item out to another foolish customer who is thinking of buying DVault product.Get this , after I wrote a review for DVault here on Amazon.com , DVault pulls all their ads/products for sale at Amazon.com and waits a week . When DVault comes back will all new ad campaign , they did in such a way as the negative review was not applied to the items they were selling here at Amazon.com . So then I put the review on others ads by DVault 's here on Amazon.com . What does DVault do?The 1st week in JAN2009 DVault pulls all their ads again , and wait several days , and then replaced the adds for DVault products here on Amazon.com , so the items with the negative reviews are can only be found hided from initial search of DVault ads . As DVault figured out that by putting new ads in such a way that the ads with the negative reviews are found on the bottom of a page or on the 2nd page . So most customers looking for a mailbox will initially miss the negative reviews on the DVault customer service .
 This lock was much smaller than I thought and I was able to get a lock for my gym locker elsewhere for less .
 I bought this scanner to be used on slightly textured drywall ceilings . It did not work at all on my ceiling - even when I put a piece of cardboard over the textured surface per instructions . I got no readings at all . I did n't send it back becuase it seems to work well on vertical surfaces - walls .
 When I make a decision to buy something , several hours of research goes into the product . I made a mistake purchasing this . Although not listed on the Amazon website , this device is supposed to find floor joists with up to 1-inch thick flooring . My subfloors are 3/4 inch . There are sections of plywood , OSB , and particle board in my home and a single floor joist was not found on any of them.It does wall studs well , as long as the insulation in the walls is not packed too tightly and there are not other items in the wall -LRB- such as vents or wires -RRB- . It gave me several misreadings on live AC electrical wires as well.It did a fine job as a metal detector.Really , I believe you are better off buying a cheap one .
 It does not find studs well . The other functions seem to work OK . I bought a better stud finder for less than $ 10 at a home improvement store . I do n't use this purchase at all .
 Maybe my walls are made of kriptonite , but I was very disappointed with this stud-finder 's performance . Mostly false readings to the point that I wound up just drilling holes with a small drill bit and then measuring where the rest of the studs should be . The performance was no better than other sensors costing half as much . As they say in Texas -LRB- so I 'm told -RRB- , it 's all hat and no cattle , at least in my experience .
 I have a cheap $ 14 stud finder that does n't work all that great , so I intended to replace it with this Zircon . When i receved the unit , I tested them side by side . The cheap one worked much better . Sometimes I would have to pass over the stud 3 times , very slowly , before the Zircon would detect anything.The unit did do a good job detecting AC wires . But if you want a quality stud finder , this unit is not worth your money .
 THE SCANNER SHOWED STUDS BEHIND THE WOODEN BOARDS BUT INFACT THERE WAS NOTHING.ALSO IT WAS NOT EASY TO HOLD THE SCANNER WHILE PRESSING AND SWEEPING ON THE CEILING , NOT A GOOD DESIGN
 I opened my i700 with delight hoping that I would finally have a decent studfinder so that I could hang my shelving . I was quite disappointed . It did find the AC lines with ease and accuracy but as far as finding the wooden studs , no such luck . The lights would flash , the thing would beep and off it went . I made my walls look like large sheets of swiss cheese following this things poor advice . The only reason for any stars at all was the AC finder mode working well . Tapping the walls with my knuckles and hammering finish nails in the walls to look for studs was more accurate . I was very disappointed . This thing will be destined to collect dust in my `` junk drawer '' for all of eternity . This begs the question is there really a studfinder out there that works if this one supposedly is the best ?
 I returned this item to Home Depot a day after I purchased it . I tested it on a wall with 1/2 inch drywall where panelling had been removed and i knew where each stud was located -LRB- the nail holes were not spackeled -RRB- . The screen indicators flashed all over the place and I 'd have had better luck just knocking on the wall . My $ 20 finder outperformed this overpriced contraption in every way .
 ok . . I read all the reviews and just dont get their raving over this product.If you can hold it down right it works but this is not that easy when it is over your head . For those of you who dont know how this thing works here is a quick run down . hold the top portion on the wall . Not over a stud because it calibrates when it turns on and if it is on a stud then it will read wrong . The top and the bottom section swivel independant from each other . you hold the top next to the wall and push down on the bottom and it turns on . if you lift the bottom just a little it turns off and you have to start over . I think the Ziroc scanner are a good product just not this setup.I returned mine and got the model a step down that is all one case and doesnt swivel .
 I READ A REVIEW THAT SAID HE HAD PLASTERBOARD OVER PLASTER WALLS AND THIS STUD FINDER WORK GREAT.DON ' T BELEAVE IT . I HAVE 3/8 SHEETROCK OVER PLASTER WALLS AND IT DO N'T WORK FOR ME.WERE I HAVE 3/8 SHEETROCK ONLY IT SHOWS A WATER PIPE AS A STUD AND CA N'T FIND THE STUD .
 This can safe arrived dented and when you unscrew the top the can is exposed and very sharp . It definately should not be purchased for a child .
 My iteam is not the right thing and i have noway of returing it or calling anybody this is so stupid im going to call my credit card company and decline my charge or someone needs to call me asap 8609136032 . You guys show something and sell something diffrent ripoff.thanksHarry Harjani
 The rock picks produced by Eastwings differs by their technical characteristics . This data on the site of Eastwings is incorrect , that makes a purchased product completely unnessary .
 I used this holster for 2 field seasons before retiring it . Now I use a $ 4 Wolverine leather hammer loop that I bought from Home Depot . I gave up on this holster because it 's really annoying to have such a big non-flexible object around the waistline when I 'm walking up steep slopes and hopping down ledges . Also , the hammer is way too loose in the plastic enclosure so there 's a lot of noise generated from even gentle walking . I 'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1 because it did last me 2 field seasons which I did not expect from a plastic object . Save yourself the annoyance and go to the hardware section of Home Depot and get a belt-loop hammer holster .
 For work out in the field , I find this hammer holster bulky and uncomfortable . A regular hammer holster from a hardware store is a much wiser purchase . The plastic holster grinds against your hammer while you are walking , making a lot of noise . The `` quickdraw '' hook is really inconvenient when you are up a steep slope and are trying to put the hammer back in the holster .
 It is not useful to attach on the belt . Too big to carry on fieldtrips . However , it have worked well to keep my hammer organized on my garage wall .
 After a few months of owning it I found that it breaks easily along the line . I know get a full body shower , which is great , except , I do n't want one this way . If you never remove it from its hanger , then its ok .
 I purchased this saw assuming that being a Powermatic it would be good quality and well made.The table is ground so poorly the out of flatness is measurable with tape measure.The rails that the fence rides on are bowed 3/16 and 1/8 inch new ones are supposedly on the way.Lots of the hardware was missing.Large burrs and poor machining on all theoretically flat surfaces.Calls to the tech line have resulted in inconsistent specs on how flat thetable should be with specs varying from .015 '' -LRB- no chance its that flat -RRB- to .036 `` that is slightly more than1/32 `` and yes it is at least that warped.Grizzly and Woodtech can hold tighter tolerances according to the magazines.I strongly recomend against this product.Wish I had saved 4 or 5 hundred bucks and purchased someone elses table saw kit.The router lift is awesomely well made and works perfecly Jessem and their tech line I rate very highly
 The saw shipped in a timely manner and though I had a one problem with it , Amazon took care of it promptly and made it quite stress free.The saw itself is well built , has a good manual , and runs very well . Produces very clean cuts and requires very little recalibration once it is set up . I like the fence much more than the Delta/Biesmeyer setup personally . I ran this saw on 110 for a while and wished it was a bit stronger . I then wired to 220 and have been thrilled with it 's performance.The Router Lift works well and has a nice precise mechanism . The router fence is n't great but for most of what I 've done -LRB- which arguably is not typical -RRB- , the fence for the table saw works fine for the router lift.Dust collection for the router lift is limited to above the table only . You really need an enclosure below with a dust port to properly collect dust.I do n't have a workbench yet and use the extension table for an assembly table often . It 's not really made for that but I wish it was tougher so it could handle heavy clamping and such.In the end , this saw does n't have flesh detection technology . There are 60,000 table saw accidents a year . If you dig into the statistics they are staggering . There is a whole industry set up to handle table saw injuries.Don ' t buy this saw . Your hands are too important.The one thing I had n't considered when I bought this saw was dust collection . If you do n't have a good dust collector , you might have better with a cabinet saw -LRB- if you can afford it -RRB- . My shop vac had little effect on the dust generated from this table saw .
 I have now been fighting and despising this saw for years . See my last review ' 04 . I have received two fence rail sets from the manufacturer , they have all been as bent as the ones furnished with the machine . I have been told by Powermatic 's tech line that I would not notice the lack of flatness of the table , I do notice it . I have replaced the belt with a link belt and tuned the saw so it was vibration free and cutting accurately to .006 '' . by the next morning things had shifted and I had to reset the fence . A Forrest blade only served to highlight the inacuracies of the saw . I plan on either reinforcing the trunnion , reinforcing the stand , reengineering the mobile base as well as the fence , and surface grinding the table , or selling the unit . I would strongly suggest purchasing a different saw from this one . The precision afforded by this saw can be duplicated by a mid priced portable . The router lift is very nice and works well .
 I decided to pony up for a replacement level made with quality materials.The materials appear to be the high quality I expected , but the lever moves when you use the handle so it does not lift the flapper.What a waste ...
 I purchased these galvanized staples to install insulation . They will not fit my Mikita , or anyother staple gun I own . Apparently they only fit Grex staple guns . They are too narrow .
 Well , I ended up sitting on this thing in the box for a year before I installed and used it . Once installed the paint started coming off within a matter of 6 or 7 months . As it stands now , the handle for the water is basically all brass in color.Function wise it works great and I have no complaints as to that . It 's simply the finish which has failed to meet any expectations .
 This could have been a nice set , however , it 's usefulness is severely limited by two things . First , the bits do not have a detent in the shaft to lock them into a power driver , so the only way to keep them from falling out is to put them in a magnetic extension , and even then if enough torque is applied to lock them on to a bolt they tend to pull out of the extension . Secondly there is no magnet in the bits to hold a nut while placing it .
 To keep it simple , there are 2 flaws that should convince you to look elsewhere.First , there 's no cutout for locking chucks , so use on 1/4 '' Hex drivers is essentially worthless , -LRB- point it down & the bit falls out -RRB- . For those prone to swearing & throwing things , these are not for you.Second , no magnet , -LRB- no explanation needed here -RRB- .
 Length :
 Total waste of money ! 1/4 '' Hex Shanks are suppose to have a groove in the stem to hold them in place . To short for my cordless drill and does n't hold in my cordless screwdriver . So they are useless to me . Thought I might have something to extend the shank , but no luck
 Wish I had read the other reviews , they do n't have a detent on them so they are useless if you are trying to use them for cordless impact drivers or even a nut driver handle -LRB- I picked them up from the `` Other Customers Also Bought '' link when I bought my impact -RRB- .
 This is a nice concept , but it does n't work well in practice . The clip does n't open very wide , and only has a little piece of rubber to help it maintain it 's grip . The only thing I can get it to hold onto is a book . That would be okay , except the neck is too short to get it pointed so that the light actually shines on the pages .
 This uses expensive batteries and after about a week , then the light starts to dim . It 's not the batteries , because I 've sourced them from numerous different places and the light never lasts on fullest brightness for more than a week .
 This was a total waste of money ! It does n't even give out enough light for you to see the book . So it 's useless
 I may sound lazy , but it 's a pain having to use a screwdriver to swap out the batteries . With a 10-hour battery life this is n't all that often , but can happen mid-trip where you may not have access to a screwdriver.More importantly , it is TOO BRIGHT !!!! It lights up the whole room , defeating its purpose and keeping up anyone who may be trying to sleep while you read .
 Used this light for 4 days , 3 or 4 hours each time . I had to change the battery twice because the light seemed to get dimmer after only a few hours of use . It was barely bright enough with a fresh battery . On day five I dropped the light while attempting to clip it onto my book . It only fell about 3 feet to the floor and the hinge broke -- it did n't just come apart , it actually broke a piece off . The light is worthless without a working hinge , so I tossed it into the trash .
 I would NOT recommend this to anyone . It is not bright at all . A big disappointment . BAD BAD BAD BAD
 i paid $ 11 dollars for this book light and have not had it for more than 3 weeks before the bulb started to dim . at the time i did not think it was the bulb because i was told that the bulb is supposed to last a good while so figured it had to be the batteries . not so . i picked up a pack of batteries today -LRB- which are expensive i might add -RRB- inserted them into the light , and , for a while it light shined bright but after a few minutes , it began to dull again . after seeing this i went on amazon to see if extra bulbs were available for purchase but to my disappointment none were . i have looked on other sites for batteries and have have not found any as well . that said , do not spend any money on this light its a waste of money . the end .
 Bought this to use with my Kindle but it 's not worth the money . Does not give out enough light and you can not light the entire page without some glare . I will buy another light , maybe one with two led lights .
 Useless light . Very dim and focused in a single beam of light . Have to keep moving it around as you read . Total waste of money . I trashed this & got the 5 LED one which is perfect .
 I bought this book light on a whim a few months ago -LRB- no more than 4 months ago -RRB- . It has not held up well . The neck no longer stays where I want it to and the light has dimmed to the point it 's almost useless -LRB- I only use it 1-3 times a week for half an hour -RRB- . It takes a CR 2032 battery . When it dies , I 'm pitching the light.I 've used Might Bright lights for a couple of years and they 've held up well -LRB- my husband and I each have one -RRB- . They take 3 AAA batteries and it 's easier to change batteries in the Mighty Bright -LRB- no screwdriver required -RRB- than the Energizer . The batteries last a long time too ! Furthermore , you can find them with an A/C adapter and skip the batteries . The necks eventually loosen up but no so much it 's a pain to use -LRB- as is the Energizer -RRB- . For a few dollars more , you can have a much better product . Go for it !
 This clip light is hopeless ... When we got it the batteries were dead , or at least we hope it 's just the batteries that are keeping it from working . And to make it worse you have to take the thing completely apart to replace the batteries . Very user UN-friendly .
 From day one this light would flicker and only stop when you fiddled around with it . Total waste of money .
 The light never really worked too well . And then it died altogether within abou 2 weeks . Not worth the time tos end back . A waste of money .
 This is not sturdy , kind of a pain to switch it 's orientation when you turn the page . Maybe it would work better with a book , i was reading magazines . Also did n't like the quality of the light .
 Energizer LED Book LightSAVE YOUR MONEY . If you plan to use with your Kindle , forget about iT ! It produced the kind of glare that prevents from reading . The clip is too big to clip to the top of the Kindle . It 's a plastic clip to a plastic Kindle - just slips off ! I ca n't find anything positive unless you plan to use with print material . I know iit cost only $ 6 but the time and tape necessary to return is considerably more than $ 6 . DO N'T BUY !!
 The light is very good with this book light ; however , mine has quit working , and it is n't 6 months old . I assumed the batteries needed to be replaced , but that did n't work either .
 I purchased this book light from JASBO and thought I was purchasing an Energizer book light but instead received a cheap book light that looks like it can be purchased at your local dollar store . The product had nothing to do with Energizer . I ca n't speak for the other sellers who claim to be selling an Energizer book light but I can guarantee that this company is involved with false advertisement . They post a picture of an Energizer book light then they send out a cheap book light . Just wanted to let others know so this does n't happen again .
 This item is really flimsy and compressed far to easily . It might be ok if you do n't have to put any pressure on it . I was trying to find a cover for my walker handles .
 Well , I ended up sitting on this thing in the box for a year before I installed and used it . Once installed the paint started coming off within a matter of 6 or 7 months . As it stands now , the handle for the water is basically all brass in color.Function wise it works great and I have no complaints as to that . It 's simply the finish which has failed to meet any expectations .
 When I opened the package , I found that a support bracket was not attached at the bottom of the ladder . When I looked more carefully at the package I realized that I received one that had been previously returned by someone else . Frustrating .
 Louisville Ladder L-2094-17 Type IA 300-Pound Rated Aluminum Multipurpose Ladder , 17-FootWHEN I ORDERED A LADDER THAT SAID IT WAS 13 FEET , I BELIEVED IT WAS JUST AS IT HAD BEEN ADVERTISED `` A STEP LADDER 13 ` WHAT WE GOT IN MY OPINION IS NOTHING MORE THAT A 6 ' `` STEP LADDER . '' WE ALREADY HAD A 6 FOOTER . WHEN SHOWN IN THESKETCHES , IT LOOKED MUCH TALLER THAN THE OTHER LADDERS . WE TRUELY BELIEVED IT WAS WHAT IT WAS AS SEEN IN THE PICTURE - A 13 FT. STEP LADDERIN EVERY INDEPENDENT SEARCH WE DID FOR 8 - 14 FT. STEP LADDERS , THIS ONE KEPT COMING UP . I WISH I HAD DONE MORE RESEARCH . IT COST US OVERA HUNDRED DOLLARS JUST FOR THE SHIPPING AND WE COULD NOT AFFORD TO SEND IT BACK . IT IS IN OUR GARAGE AND HAS NEVER BEEN USED . SOMECATCH !
 I believe that 9mm is not included in this set . Its really hard to tell because the packaging and description leave this information out . The biggest problem with this set is the poor labeling for size on the sockets themselves . It would be an easy fix for Stanley to make these modest improvements . Even Stanley 's own web site does not specify which sizes are included . Disappointing.However , given the low price these are probably not so bad and will get you out of a pinch .
 DO NOT buy staples from Amazon . Two of the three packages of staples I ordered broke open during shipping due to bad packaging . One package broke open and thus I lost about 1/4 of the staples . Both had the staples busted up in little chunks so they will be a pain to load .
 I was really disappointed with the poor quality of this level . It had many sharp edges , poor machining and a sloppy paint job . This is a poor reflection on Starrett.The design is good , but this product shows a breakdown in Starrett 's quality control .
 The bulb was fine but it burned out after only a few days . Not going to buy it again .
 Was very disappointed to receive this item and discover that it 's all chrome , not white and chrome as it 's pictured .
 I was very disappointed with this towel bar . Compared to the Victorian stainless steel model that I purchased earlier , which I considered to be well manufactured this model was made cheaply . The mounting tabs that attach to the wall are very flimsly compared to the Victorian , and the mounting brackets on the towel bar did not properly align so I had to loosen a screw to rotate bracket to get the thing to line up . The bar itself is made of thinner tubing , and the stainless steel finish was tarnished .
 This product got so hot that it melted into the power strip . It must be connected to rather low wattage lamp or else . It might have caused a really dangerous fire . Be careful !
 Bought the SL-6008 wireless RF dimmer switch to activate a light located in a bedroom with the unit plugged in to an outlet out of sight in the bedroom closet . Like other reviewers of this product , features are nice but I need to be standing within 5 feet of the plugged in receiver for the remote to communicate with it . Tried fresh 12 volt battery with no improvement . Will be contacting Heath-Zenith for replacement or refund soon .
 Purchased the item for use in our church 's Christmas production and unfortunately it did not work properly . Sometimes -LRB- 2 or 3 times in a row -RRB- it worked and then all of a sudden - nothing . Unreliablity caused us to rethink our lighting for the production . I do n't recommend this product .
 I purchased this product so I could turn on my living room light before I entered the house . Though it claims it will work up to 80 ' away , that must be an unobstructed path . It would work 10 ' away in the house , sometimes right outside the front door if you pointed exactly in the right spot . Very sporadic . If my garage door opener can work a 100 ' away , why ca n't they make lamp control work ? I returned the product .
 The product has a unique feature that allows you not only to turn lights on and off but also to dim lights . Unfortunately , it seems there is a quality control issue with the product . The unit I purchase never really worked even when holding the remote less than an inch from the receiver -LRB- also after replacing batteries for new ones -RRB- . I guess that is why the entire line has been on clearance before . Hope Zenith improves the product for future releases as I still thing the dimming feature is worthwhile .
 I previously used the Lutron MIR-603THW-WH , but had to `` downgrade '' to this when I moved because the wall switch does n't control the socket I want . So this item is pretty straightforward , but I really hate it . The remote is pretty junky , the buttons do n't work very reliably -LRB- maybe 6 out of 10 pushes -RRB- . The `` dim '' function on the remote steps through discrete levels 1-5 instead of smooth transition , but if you switch on/off it does n't remember your dimmer level . Also , there is no transition off , it 's just abruptly off . And finally , the device does n't accept a 3-pronged plug -LRB- w / ground -RRB- which makes it difficult to run an extension cord . This device may work for someone else , but I 'm going to keep searching .
 I purchase two units one single and one double units . The first unit -LRB- single wireless outlet -RRB- did not work because of a bad battery which I replaced and now it works just fine . I needed another one so I bought a double since the remotes are able to control 2 different wireless outlets . When I received the double unit the remote did not work this time the battery was good but the remote was defective I emailed AMAZON but no reply I hoped they would send me a new remote.Now I have 3 wireless outlets 2 remotes but with only 1 working remote I can only use 2 wireless outletsHeath Zenith is of poor Quality , lets face ZENITH ai n't what it use to be .
 If you need more than 6 -LRB- yes , six -RRB- foot range or NOT line of sight , DO N'T BUY THIS THING . It does n't perform anywhere close to its advertising claims . or you can have mine ... its going back .
 1 . The quality of the rack looks good , but the mounting screw is not.It was damaged when I use a dewalt to put it into the wood .2 . It fits well for one road bike , but none of my three mountain bikes could fit . The distance between two bars is a little bit wide .
 I received a black rack though the colour is supposed to be silver/metal . It has only one screw -LRB- as in the photo -RRB- so it 's swung over to one side . it ought to have two screws . It 's pretty narrow for 2 bikes . You have to have the 2 facing opposite directions and turn the handle bars to get them to hang . I expected the rack to fold up , out of the way , when the bikes are removed -- no such luck -- and if I want them held up I 'll need to tie them.This is worth $ 12 no more .
 I ordered this product because I needed to get two bicycles off the limited space on my garage floor . No problems with delivery and the rack itself is well made and looks good . Installation was also easy - one screw in a stud . -LRB- The screw is cheap metal and strips easy -RRB- My major problem is that the rack only holds ONE bike , not two . I know it 'll hold only one 'cause I tried every concevibale angle to hang the two bikes and it just does n't work . If you want a rack for one bike - this will do , but if you want a rack for TWO bikes - find another product .
 The only way you can get this to work for two bikes is if you want to remove the handlebars ! Also , there is only one screw in the center , so it does not handle girls bikes where the bar is a diagonal ... it rotates around the center screw .
 First of all
 The the package came in perfect condition . After reading the sloppy directions i found the stud on my dry wall and screwed in the little screws provided . After 15 minutes everything was installed and that was when things went downhill . The wall mount claim to hold up to 80lbs ... what a joke . My mountain bike weighs at least 45 - 50lbs and it barely holds its weight . Now my bike is hangig slanted on my garage wall .
 The carbon element is nice but the unit 's reflector focuses the heat in a rather narrow area which I find uncomfortable . Part of you is hot , the rest is cold -- forget about 2 people sitting side-by-side feeling comfortable . Turning oscillation `` on '' is even worse . Then your whole body cycles between hot & cold.So I ordered a second AH-350E unit , figuring I 'd need two of them -LRB- pointing @ different angles -RRB- to be comfortable . That 's better except now I 'm using twice the wattage.Then the other day I was at a friend 's house who had a similar styled heater except it 's reflector seemed to disperse the heat more broadly . You could sit in front of it and feel comfortable -- all over your body . My sense is it 's about the shape of the reflector . So I 'm returning both Newair AH-350E units and ordering one of those.I was originally drawn to the AH-350E because of its carbon element , which I heard was an efficient radiant heat source . The element is great but not its relatively narrow heat dispersion pattern.Suggestion for Newair -LRB- in case they read Amazon feedback -RRB- . Kill the oscillation function , I ca n't imagine anyone feeling comfortable with endless cycling between hot & cold . For spot heaters like this , I think oscillation is a bad idea.Instead allow users to adjust the reflector between a narrow -LRB- like now -RRB- & a wide heat dispersion pattern . That , coupled with the ability to change heat settings would make it more pleasing to more people in more situations.Positioning the heater closer -- on `` wide beam '' + low power -- would be comfortable . Ditto re positioning it farther back -- on high power + set to a narrower beam . The former is what currently does n't work well . You 've got to push it so far back -LRB- to feel comfortable all over -RRB- , you do n't feel much if any heat , especially on low power . Noting in some situations you 're limited to low power -LRB- 500w -RRB- due to other load on a 15 amp electrical circuit!So perhaps Newair engineers could come up with a way for users to adjust the heat dispersion pattern , from narrow to wide -LRB- reflector shape and/or its distance from the element -RRB- . I do n't think this would need to operate via the remote control . My sense is manual adjustment would be fine since it 's not something one would need to constantly fiddle with . Instead , to increase variability , I 'd offer 3 heat settings , maybe 400/800/1200 watts . More useful -LRB- & a cheaper build -RRB- than a motorized reflector . Thus the remote would offer 3 heat settings + ion + timer.The other thing I liked about the OTHER unit is the push button controls are on top vs. on bottom like the AH-350E . Thus adjustments -LRB- without the remote in-hand -RRB- are convenient . Just walk up to the unit , no need to bend down to the floor.In the future I 'd love to buy a carbon element spot heater from Newair -- if/when it offers wider -LRB- thus more comfortable -RRB- heat dispersion . In the meantime I 'll go with the alternate unit .
 The screen is good for 6 months , now I see the bottom part where it meets the track is tearing because of the dorr being opened and closed . Other than that it works good . Hope they will put a nicer screen material next
 These valves were installed in all of our new toilets from Mansfield and they all have broken within 2 years . The cheap plastic used for the stop on top of the valve breaks and leaves your toilet running after every flush -LRB- when members of your family do n't realize or say anything it will happen for a few days -RRB- . I was able to epoxy them but ca n't image that will last more than 6 months.Don ' t buy this , if you need to replace an old flush valve , buy a nice dual flush valve kit for $ 7 more than this on amazon .
 The chain broke in a matter of days . The clasp that kept the chain connected to the lift ball wire came off and evidently went down the fill drain . I bought four and tried to tighten the second one so this would not happen and could not tighten it . I am just waiting for this one to come off also .
 I installed some Crittercord on a USB printer cable in my wife 's office and thought everything would be fine . I was so confident the product would work that I ordered a bunch more . Several weeks later I was in my wife 's office and she happened to mention that her printer was n't working . It turns out the cat loves to chew on Crittercord as much as he loves to chew on the cords themselves ! It was hard to believe because the stuff smells so bad , but the covered cable was just destroyed by the cat . Unfortunately , I was unable to return the four spools of unused product I had ordered because it was beyond the company 's 30-day return policy.I hope it works for your cat , but it did n't for mine .
 When the product is first unpacked , it sheds an overpowering `` citrus '' odor , like concentrated floor cleaner . After two days , the `` citrus '' is gone , leaving only an intense and nauseating aroma of epoxy glue . The smell is quite intolerable . The reviews were there for me to see , I should have known better.Update : I have removed the tubing from my lamp cords . The smell has permeated the lamp cords , and I am going to replace those this weekend .
 This product is an example of a good idea gone bad . I can not emphasize enough that this smells so bad you ca n't use it . It made my entire house smell . In the end I had to bag it up and throw it away .
 This product smelled so unbelievably bad ... I have a hard time believing this smell is made from anything remotely similar to citrus . Yuk yuk and more yuk . Sure the bunny would n't go near it but it made our living room toxic to breathe . Never again !
 the first time i ordered this it never came . cat then chewed through a second very expensive power cord while waiting for a replacement to arrive . cat just chewed through the third replacement while the cord was IN the protector . not worth it .
 Our cord went directly to the Crittercord and chewed it ! Our cat id not find the odor or taste ojectionable , nor did we notice an odor -LRB- as advertized -RRB- . So , would not purchase again .
 My cat was able to chew through this in one day , and the smell is so awful . It repelled me , but did nothing to deter him . He just bit right through it , and the cord easily came out of the sleeve whenever I moved it . Very disappointed . Way overpriced and a waste of money .
 I purchased 30 ft. of the critter cord and was so excited to open the package and put the cord covers in place before my husband got home -LRB- We have a cat that has been chewing on our computer cords which was making hubby unhappy -RRB- . As soon as he walked in the house he remarked at what a terrible odor was in the house . While in bed a few hours later , I had to get up and remove the cord covers and throw them outside in a bag because the smell had become so overwhelming ! We have a large house and the entire house reeked of this horrible chemical odor . The smell actually made me sick to my stomach ! I sat the bag out on the front porch hoping they would air out and five days later , I went outside to sit on the front porch and the odor was so awful I had to come back inside !!! Terrible product and a huge waste of hard earned money ! These things are going to the dump on our next trip !
 The cord cover helped protect my cord , since my puppy pulled it off so that he could chew it . The taste did n't phase him at all -LRB- he 's also indifferent to bitter apple spray -RRB- . I suppose if he had left it on the cord , it would have provided some measure of protection . I , however , found the smell of the cord protector so overpowering and awful that I could n't bear to have the thing in my house and ended up throwing it away about 2 days after I bought it .
 unfortunately from the moment we took it out of the box the smell made us nauseous . `` citrus scent '' indeed - it smells like insecticide . And it permeated the house during the day especially when it was warm . Hoped it would fade after a while but no.the cord protector looked to be of good quality and the reviews were great , so we may just be oversensitive ; if you are sensitive to smells be forewarned .
 Wish this worked but sorry it did n't . First of all the smell is like a pesticide with orange . My kittens still bit it and then proceeded to vomit . Seems toxic to me . I went to Home Depot and bought a accordian like protector sleeve and this works better . It only cost 1.99 .
 I bought this product after reading several reviews here . There seem to be two different types of reviews
 They do n't work for my rabbit . He licks them to death , he has chewed , and digested the plastic right through to the cord they are supposed to protect , he seems attracted to them even , and wo n't leave them alone !!!
 This stuff smells so bad i dont know if it is worse to let him chew the cords ! 6 months later my house still reeks frm othe few cords we decided to cover - it is NOT worth it ! No way is this citrus ! It is a nauseating chemical smell .
 I wish I had read the reviews of this before I bought it . Our rabbits systematically destroyed many electrical chords as I raced to find the best bunny-proofing material available . I saw this product and immediately ordered it , not really noticing the `` citrus '' fragrance.As soon as I opened the box I was overwhelmed with a not-unpleasant detergent smell that then turned into a horrible bug spray/perm solution funk that gave me a headache . I figured it would fade and used it to cover a laptop chord . It seems to work fine -LRB- although one bunny sniffed it for a long time in great interest ; she may be eating it soon -RRB- but the whole apartment reeks now.I 've been out in the fresh air for an hour and I still ca n't get the scent out of my nose.I 'm very disappointed.Yes , it does the job but so would unscented pvc tubing , without the olfactory torture .
 It was not worth stinking up the entire house to keep the cat from biting the wires . I think just the plastic sheath without the strong smell would have worked just as well . I placed the cords on two lamps in the bed room over a week ago , and the room still has the bad odor from the `` citrus '' smell , smells more like cat vomit to me .
 I put one of these on my new laptop cord after my cat chewed through the first one . Rest assured , the cat will not chew this one , or even go near it . That 's because it smells like a combination of household cleaners and skunk . I do n't know if we 're going to be able to keep the thing . It 's stinking up the whole house.As a side note , my husband decided to taste it , and it is indeed bitter . I suppose it tastes like Lysol and skunk .
 This cord cover works , but it smells terrible ! It stunk up my apartment for two weeks . I would not purchase this again .
 I foster homeless dogs , so I always have a wide variety of dogs in the house who love to chew . Keeping my computer cord safe is always a challenge , but I had high hopes when I purchased this product . Unfortunately it did n't work for me . One of my foster dogs seemed to enjoy chewing it more than the regular cord with no protection .
 The odor made my husband very ill.The taste made my bunny very happy.We rate it ` half a star ' - should n't the company get credit for trying ? Maybe not .
 Hopefully this listing will be updated soon by Tool King . The Amazon description says it is `` made for 5/8 '' stock '' , but the part 's packaging says it is for 3/4 '' . Tool King verified that it is for 3/4 '' . See below : Dear Customer , Please accept our apologies for this correction . We appreciate you very much for bringing this error to our attention and will get this fixed immediately . Upon research , it was determined that the packaging of 3/4 '' stock is correct .
 I ordered the 31 '' x 19 '' sink and it was exactly what I wanted but it arrived with a shattered backsplash ! Packaging was terrible ! Arrived in original box - they never packaged it in another box with styrofoam or packing pillows . When I asked to receive another one , they said it would be too expensive to send . The damaged sink still sits on my front porch , 3 days later , waiting to be picked up by UPS ! First ever bad encounter ordering from Amazon site . I was able to contact Imperial Marble and found I could get this sink from a local hardware store - only a dollar more!Well , this is an edit . I am none to happy with this vendor ! That rotten , broken sink still sits on my front porch - after over a week ! First they told me to discard of it , which means I have to pay the transfer station for discarding two sinks ! I told them to have UPS pick it up and they said they would if I removed my feedback ! I should just be happy that I received a credit!I now have this sink and installed it today - it 's really nice ! If you want one , look up `` Do It Best '' hardware stores nearest you . Oh , one correction to my last posting
 I was looking forward to using this for my project , but after opening it , it smelled EXTREMELY grotesque . I do n't know if it supposed to smell like crap , but I just wasted $ 8 because of that .
 The material is pretty rugged and heavy duty , far stronger than normal duct tape . However , the adhesive is less than what I had expected for the price . I have used it on different types of surfaces and it just did n't hold up . As others have mentioned , a little sunlight or heat -LRB- nothing excessive -RRB- and this will turn into a sticky mess . Any high quality duct tape will easily outperform this tape . I will not be purchasing again .
 I paid over 8 dollars for one roll of this tape because I was moving and I wanted to make sure my boxes were sealed securely . I do n't know if I got a defective batch but about a half hour after taping the boxes -LRB- brand new cardboard boxes made for moving ! -RRB- I walked by a bunch of boxes I had taped closed and the tape was CURLING off the boxes - ALL of them , this tape would NOT stay stuck to cardboard ! I DO NOT reccomend this tape for ANYTHING . It does NOT stay taped - so what good is it ? You 're better off with the dollar store brand - at least it tapes and stays taped ! It 's worse than regular tape .
 Gorilla tape will not even stick to itself for very long ! I tried it to repair broken crayons by wrapping them in it , but the section stuck to its own back let loose in a short time . Other applications soon became unstuck also .
 I did use the Gorilla glue for some home products , and was satisfied . So , when I needed a good strong tape , based upon the product claims , I bought a large roll of this tape.This tape is overpriced for what it does , and 3M exterior tape is much better for less cost . The Gorilla tape is a strong tape , if only used for interior projects , but the sun 's rays negates any holding power of the adhesive if it is used outdoors . The adhesive just does n't stand up to any heat at all . If used outside , it loses its grip and leaves a thick sticky residue on the object that it was supposed to wrap or hold together.I wrapped the wooden handles of my wife 's garden tools , and within a couple of hours in direct sunlight the tape `` let go '' because of the sunlight , leaving a sticky residue that took me quite some time to remove . Cheap silver duct tape holds up much , much better , at less than a 1/3 of the cost , but the fabric falls apart after a while with constant exposure to the sun.If someone would come up with a tape that stood up to the sun , plus did n't rot , I 'd buy it . But I would n't buy a roll of this tape again for any exterior use .
 How funny , i tried AGAIN to use the gorilla tape i had , to stick to brick ... have tried it for concrete as well ... and it not did not stick WHATSOEVER ... i did an internet search after it did not work ... AGAIN . . for tape that stick to brick or concrete . . and was directed here ... maybe it works for somoene . . but i have tried over and over and over . . and this has never worked as billed ... try it at your own expense ...
 I have used gorilla glue and was satisfied with it . So I thought gorilla tape would be a good product also . Boy was I wrong ... I first used it to patch a small tear in a boat shrink wrap . It held good for about 10 weeks , then the adhesive seperated from the backing . The next time I tried to use it was about a year later . The adhesive was completely dried out , and had also bonded to the back of the fabric . The roll was useless . I will use regular duct tape from now on . -LRB- and it 's cheaper -RRB-
 This stuff is really overrated , in fact I tried to use this just as a cover for a bottom inside and outside edge glue seal on a 2001 Chrysler Sebring Convertible glass window and sail canvas top . One that I 've actually repaired three times over the course of ten years when the dealers told me it was impossible to repair.Which is of course what they 'd say when they can send you to their top people and get 600-1200 to replace the thing when the top is still in mint condition.Anyhow what I do is relax the top and glue it with super glue and the glue I 've used successfully twice now is this gorilla super glue , not the brown crud but the clear version and it holds pretty well , but the second and third times the residue is harder to remove and thus a clean seal is n't possible but you can get it to hold it in place and then seal it with I use Walgreens Black duct tape , just a thin 1 '' strip to cover the glue seal to help keep the moisture from beating on the glue over time.It gets ragged after a couple months , I replace the 1 '' strip , like the full stip torn in half down the middle like masking tape size . Works great and actually looks good too / However I could n't get this stuff to stick on that dried glue for nothing , I tried ten feet of it and it would n't stick ! Outside or inside the car . Brutal . Either they made mine in China or what have you or it 's just not as good as advertised.I ended up buying this ` sticky ass glue tape ' which also comes in black and it did the job wonderfully ... in fact is nearly impossible to remove now . Just letting ya know if you too are trying to reseal a convertible top which has a lot a pressure on the seal , this did n't again even cover the dried glue , it just would not stick to it worth a damnnnn . : -LRB-
 this tape is the worst tape i have ever had ... doesnt even compare to military duck tape aka `` 100mph tape '' . . it doesnt stay stuck to anything ... i hate it . . dont waste your money ... dont buy it !
 I bought this tape to try and cover a window that had broken with some screening material.The tape stuck to everything except where I needed it to stick , but it sure did a great job of pulling the paint off the walls . To be fair , I was aware this could/might/would happen to the paint , and was prepared to deal with that issue when the time came , but the tape just kept on coming loose and taking the paint with it -LRB- knockdown finish walls -RRB- . Back to the drawing board until I can afford to replace my windows -LRB- it was n't the glass that broke , but rather , the crank/spring thing a ma jig that opens and closes the window .
 This is thicker than duct tape but does n't seem to be as sticky . I was using duct tape to patch a hole in my convertible top and that had been holding alright . After awhile though , it would come off . So , I bought this and the next day I see areas where the tape has come up . It 's not sticky enough . The area I put it on was clean . Duct tape wins out . I just wish duct tape would n't leave the glue residue when you take it up .
 I bought this tape thinking it would be better than duct tape . It was n't . Yes , Gorilla tape is sticky . And yes , it 's probably stickier than duct tape . But that does n't mean it 's as strong.I taped a plastic crate that I use for hauling packages to the Post Office . The side of the crate had cracked and needed to be repaired . I used a a good three foot strip of tape that extended half way around the crate . After a few weeks of use the tape completely failed - it literally split in two like masking tape . I simply pulled the crate out of the back of my car and one of edges of it -LRB- the crate , not the tape -RRB- caught on the bottom . I tugged a little and that little bit of pressure popped the tape right in two as if it were nothing . I have never seen duct tape behave like this , not once.One more thing - this tape has a horrible odor . Think wet dog or old socks stink . Whatever you use it on will stink for days.Not sure if I just got a bad roll or if other reviewers used the tape for other purposes . But there 's no way I 'd ever buy another roll of this .
 bought this shopvac at Discount Builders in SF . Splurged for a bigger model because the box described it as having a `` powerful blower . '' Great , just what I needed . Took it home , tried it out immediately & was shocked that anything I tried to suck up -LRB- leaves , a nail -RRB- would just get stuck in the tube . This thing was n't strong enough to suck anything other than dust into the main compartment . Tried the blower option & was horrified by the weak output . What happened to the `` powerful blower ?? '' A hair dryer puts out more air . Tried to take it back to Discount Builders 2 hours later & they would n't touch it b/c the box was open . Are you kidding me ? I am stuck with this lemon . Wrote ShopVac & they sent me an automated email telling me to send it in for repair . Yeah , and that will cost me $ 20 + in shipping . I do n't think it 's broken , I think it just sucks -LRB- definitely no pun intended -RRB- . Garbage , garbage , garbage . Do n't waste your money & do n't shop at Discount Builders in San Francisco .
 These floating barley packet holders for ponds will not stay upright . A small goldfish bumping it or a slight breeze will flip the container on its side . Not worth the money at all .
 The picture shows five reducing washers for a very low price but the shipping is way too much and under product features it shows the following : Product FeaturesReplacement Steel Arbor Bushings5/8 '' Inside Diameter x 1 '' Outside DiameterUsed with steel and carbide tipped bladesas you can see it says bushings not singular bushingWell I got one `` bushing '' that 's it ONE !!! This was as close to theft as you can get and I will complain bitterly to Amazon
 Did n't fit . Waste of time . It bent inside the arbor and after an hour of messing with it it bent and broke . Thanks for charging me $ 6 to mail me one washer .
 The bar itself is not made of solid brass . It 's hollow and weak like a kitten .
 I purchased this Toner for 3 reasons , listed most important to least important . It was a fluke product and i have had great experiences with those in the past they are tough and reliable , It was under 100 dollars , and lastly it was Prime eligible . I am appalled with the product I received . the Probe external antennae tip was loose fitting -LRB- including the housing -RRB- and if the probe was moved while in hand it would go out of alignment with the internal antennae and severally lower the volume and quality of the tone . To make things worse if the emitter itself was dangling -LRB- sometimes this can not be helped and the toner is designed for it supposedly -RRB- I would loose all tone outside of the emitter itself . I have to say that for the amount I paid for this toner I expected a well put together and very accurate tool . Not to mention it 's a fluke product . What I have feels like a knock off made in china for 7 dollars and some change . I have since purchased a Pyle Audio Toner and cable tester for a whopping 27 dollars that makes flukes pro3000 look like the giant pile it is . Fluke has lost my business .
 I bought this item because of the Fluke name . I have used it on several different kinds of lines and most have the same results . It is difficult to hear the tone over the static .
 I bought this hoping to identify and label all the CAT5 outlets in my house . The builder neglected to label the wires in the switch panel , so I had no idea what was running to where . I connected the tone source to a jack and used the probe in the panel to try to identify the wire . Unfortunately , the signal was not strong enough / loud enough to be detected in the switch panel . I have a two story house and all the wires go through the walls to the attic and back down into the panel on the ground floor . I was only able to detect 1 jack -LRB- an upstairs jack with the shortest run of cable -RRB- . If you have shorter runs of cable , it may work for you , but it did n't do what I needed .
 This is second one I have tried in a couple weeks . The first one did n't tone at all and gave nothing but static , so I figured I would just exchange it as sometimes you get a bad one , it happens , I get it . Well when the replacement one came it DID tone but I had to crank the volume all the way up to override the static so I could hear it . I sent this back too and just requested a refund . I 'll keep looking at others . I was very surprised that Fluke put out such a crappy toner .
 The toner/probe doe not function as received . New batteries were installed and it still does not detect a tone at the the end of a conductor . A call to Fluke did not produce any resolution . As an aside , the volume control on the probe interferes with the case , making adjustment very difficult . I 'll try one more call to Fluke support before I return the umit . I 'm pretty disgusted with the purchase , especially in view of my very good past experience with Fluke equipment in our company 's metrology labs .
 I researched this item for weeks before buying it . The advertisement said `` 25 KW Generac Generator with Transfer switch , $ 7999.00 . I ordered it and when it arrived it was leaking oil from the bottom , the container box was damaged , and there was no transfer switch included . When I refused to accept this item and call Amazon , I told the rep there was no Transfer Switch included . I was told the Advertisement I order this item was a mistake . The Transfer swith is `` Not '' included . I had to buy the transfer switch separate . I will not purchase anything else from Amazon.com .
 I 'm 27 years old and worked as a mechanic for the passed 7 years . i will never buy anything but craftsman -LRB- best warranty ever -RRB- or gear wrench . Do n't be fooled this product is not gear wrenchThis product is OK for small jobs will not bring it out for my regular jobs maybe i can give it to my 5 year old little girl as a starter tool set . its also made in Taiwan
 I bought these hoping they 'd be like a very lightly tinted pair of sunglasses that were very clear and would n't reflect light or objects from beside or behind me . These glasses were definitely not what I had in mind . They make everything blurry , and reflect everything from behind me the way mirrored sun glasses do . To me , they were fairly expensive , and I 'm sure a pair of `` blue-blockers '' would have been cheaper and done a better job .
 These ar not really helpful for me because of my eyes . It is not the glasses . I am going to have some eye surgery and hopefully read comfortably again with glasses .
 Just as the other review stated , if you are looking for solid brass -LRB- or even bronze -RRB- shop elsewhere . These piush plates are actually made of very thin aluminum and very easy to bend out of shape . The antique brass finish looks nothing like antique brass but rather brushed brass.If you are looking for solid brass , go to Lowes where you can get solid brass -LRB- unfortunately you have to get the shiny , polished brass , though -RRB- for literally half the cost of these cheap push plates here at amazon.The only good thing about them is uf you have to drill holes in them like I did , they are much easier to drill than solid brass , but they are very cheap and will not last . I would also advise against using these on the outside of a door.Poor , poor , quality .
 I purchased the push plate with the color selected as antique brass . The coloration of the product when ordered looked perfect however the item received is almost black not the copper/champagne color expected . Could n't use it .
 I was told that this was the right model for my garage door but , when it arrived I had to call customer service only to be told that my system was so old , estimates ran from 1993 - 1975 ! - that no opener would be a match.The upside ? Craftsman must have produced a superior product because my door opens without fail , even after all these years . I do hope to get a refund though and initial correct information would have prevented this hassle .
 Would have been a 5 star if I had received the nails that I ordered . I ordered clipped head nails . I received full head .
 I used latex enamel banner red on a storm door I had glazed , repaired and spot-primed . Three coats , so thick I had to dry it horizontally or it ran , did n't cover the white primer . Toughest paint to get off my hands I 've ever seen .
 We had a prior Grohe model for many years that finally gave up the ghost . I called Grohe customer service and they were unwilling to repair or sell replacement parts . The only choice was to replace it.We wanted to stick with Grohe design to blend with the faucet , so we ordered this.It lasted not much more than a month . Too long to return to Amazon and it 's probably not worth my time with customer service .
 When I ordered this product I never expected these nails to just thrown into a box loose !! I 've been a contractor for 35 years and have been buying these nails which are designed to fit into a nail gun for almost as long . In the past they have always come stacked neatly in a box due to the fact that they have to fit into a narrow slot in a pneumatic nail gun . This order came to me like someone had `` THROWN '' a broken box of nails into another box and `` CALLED IT GOOD '' !! NOW I LITERALLY HAVE TO STOP AND STRAIGHTEN OUT EVERY BLOCK OF NAILS BEFOR I CAN LOAD THEM INTO MY GUN !! NEVER AGAIN
 First of all , what is not in the description is that this item is made in Mexico . Ever since Klein has moved their manufacturing out of the USA , quality has suffered.The unit that I received is of very cheap construction . The plastic is very thin , and not very stiff for an item that is marketed to be used on jobsites . Included in the box was a spare handle . However , this spare was broken ! Also , the top cap was missing . Klein was not able to send replacement parts , so the sent me an exchange unit . This unit was received without the spare handle , and the cover was included this time , but it was defective in that it was bulged on one side.Very poor quality from Klein/Mexico .
 advertisement never gave dimensions of overall size nor dimensions of lower box capacity . Had to take a chance on size being big enough by looking at picture . Once received , size was totally inadequate for the tools that were intended .
 Bought these for my Bostitch framing nail gun . Nail gun was purchased earlier this year for some home improvement projects . Two problems with these nails . First they do not advance with two clips properly . Have to pull back the lever every so often to make the nails advance . Not a problem until your 30 feet in the air trying to nail something and it misfires . So have to use one clip of nails at a time , what a pain when you are installing plywood or OSB -LRB- still does not adavance every time -RRB- . Just the other day I had a nail jam in my gun , took over 30 minutes to fix . Long story short switched brand of nails to BC & Eagle . What a difference , no jams and can use multiple clips !!! Do not buy these , you would think Bostitch nails would work with their framing nailer ??? Plus come on amazon , you shipped these without an extra box , half the clips are falling apart due to shipment . Noticed someone else complain about this ????
 Bought these for my Bostitch framing nail gun . Nail gun was purchased earlier this year for some home improvement projects . Two problems with these nails . First they do not advance with two clips properly . Have to pull back the lever every so often to make the nails advance . Not a problem until your 30 feet in the air trying to nail something and it misfires . So have to use one clip of nails at a time , what a pain when you are installing plywood or OSB -LRB- still does not adavance every time -RRB- . Just the other day I had a nail jam in my gun , took over 30 minutes to fix . Long story short switched brand of nails to BC & Eagle . What a difference , no jams and can use multiple clips !!! Do not buy these , you would think Bostitch nails would work with their framing nailer ???
 It works wekk once assembled , but every months or so , from people using it or bumping it , the arm that holds the paper loosened , and must be tightened , or it falls apart . WIll be looking for a replacement .
 My previous Milwaukee drill worked like a champ for over fifteen years . I wanted to get the same quality so I went with Milwaukee again . The 5380-21 failed after approximately 50 holes in the hammer mode . The chuck stopped turning after less than an hour of use . I finished the job with a Hitachi drill costing less than half of the price . Milwaukee lost their legendary quality when they moved their manufacturing facilities to China . I am so disappointed . I will not buy Milwaukee again .
 I 'm really upset because the product all u show in this picture is not what I got , different shape , please try to match the real picture !! How I can get the one I did order and I did n't get ???
 I bought this drill at Home Depot , drilled 4-5 5/8 '' holes in concrete and it failed . This drill got very hot , and was also not so fast drilling into concrete . A 16/th inch per 2 minutes is not an exaggeration at points in the drilling process.Anyhow , I took it back and got my money and bought the Bosch Rotary Hammer at Lowes . By the way , the Bosch is rated the fastest drilling Rotary Hammer on the market . The model is Bosch RH328VCHQ . You can see the details of this on Bosch Tools site and also some detail on here . Also , buy it at Lowes , not Amazon , as it is about $ 70.00 cheaper there . Amazon sells the RH238VCH -LRB- missing the `` Q '' -RRB- here for $ 319.00 -LRB- which is a downgraded version of this one -RRB- at the same price you can purchase the upgraded version for at Lowes . You can also use this on just the `` Hammer '' setting as a mini jack hammer/chipper . Pretty cool.I did not have time to go try another Milwaukee to see if it was just the one drill I had bought.Also , if you are buying this drill to drill smaller diameter holes such as 1/4 '' or so , for tapcons & c ; , a much cheaper drill will do the job just as well for homeowners , even most cordless drills with hammer settings will do the job . The Bosch will work well for those in business or on larger tasks needing more frequent useage.Overall , I have had nothing but good from Milwaukee until I got this tool.I would n't depend on this as a contractor to take to a job and then depend on it to drill multiple holes . I ca n't say enough for their other tools , and I own several Milwaukee tools , and I ca n't say enough for how the Bosch worked in comparison , as there was no comparison whatsoever . 6 '' deep holes into particularly hard concrete at 5/8 '' diameter took about 15 seconds or less.Also , not as a point of attack , just making comment based upon those who posted on this , but all the reviewers here , but one , were using this to drill decent size holes -LRB- 1/2 '' accordingly -RRB- . I hope this helps .
 I 've purchased this drill twice . Both cases the switch has gone out . I assumed the first one was a fluke , but for it to go out on the second one . It 's a rarely used tool with a good reputation . What happen ? I 've got a new switch on order . If it fails , I 'm jumping ship from Milwaukee .
 I was unable to find these nails at any brick and mortar store near by where I live , so I looked online . The picture of the box is the same as what I have seen when I bought 3 '' nails , but I wanted to 31/2 '' ones . I read the reviews about the nail packs being broken and figured I 'd take my chances on shipping and having some broken . When I got the nails it was in a brown box about 16x16 '' I assumed that the smaller Bostitch box was inside . Was I ever wrong ... . the nails were in the bottom of this box and filled it about half way . It looked like the were picked up off the floor out of a big pile and thrown in . I have no idea if I got the 4,000 per box as it was just all thrown in , and I 'm not about to count all these nails since most of them are broken and single nails . I will not do this again : -LRB-
 The nails where delivered in a timely mannner but the packaging was totally destroyed and overpacked with another box . Most of the nail strips where damaged and un-usable . Overall not very happy and would not purchase agian or recommend anyone else purchase this item .
 I received the nail strips loose in a box without any packing . The remnants of the original box , torn and tattered , were included . Several strips were bent and broken . Only the durability of the Bostich product saved the remainder . I needed the nails , otherwise , they 'd have been returned . I do n't know if I even received an entire box .
 I am not happy at all with the two cases I purchased . The do not fit the calculators properly . You ca n't close the case , it bulgers out on the sides . I looked at other case , in the actual stores ans they are a different color and `` fit '' the calculator . I have given on for a gift and have gotten teased the the cases are `` seconds ''
 I was really excited about the case both in design & perceived durability ... however Model 8025 DOES NOT FIT INSIDE THE CASE ! Too bad . You can cram it in there ... but the case bulges at the sides so that the lid does n't close properly . So it 's both sloppy AND ineffective . Like the guy I just fired.Of course I threw out the cheap-o packaging it arrived in , so in this day and age it would be an absolute OUTRAGE if I tried to return it , right ? Waste of postage , anyway . Amazon should just send me $ 13.65 and find a better case to sell .
 CA N'T CLOSE COVER ON MODEL 8025 ULTRA MEASURE MASTER.WHICH WAS IN THE SET I BOUGHT.THE ONE IN CHINA , YOU BOUGHT THIS FROM ; MUST HAVE USED SMALLER RUBBER MOLD THAN MOST .
 case is hard to snap shut and bulges at the sides . big gaps at the sides are n't going to keep all the crap from getting inside . might work for other construction masters but not the CM5 .
 JUST INSTALLED 7 7010B SMOKE DETECTORS ORDERED FROM YOU.IN 5 DETECTORS , WITHIN 2 DAYS , I HAD TO REPLACE THE INCLUDED 9 VOLT BATTERY.IS THIS THE QUALITY AMAZON WANTS TO BE KNOW FOR ?
 Do not buy unless you like being awoken while you 're sleeping for false alarms . Huge waste of time and money . Buy another brand like Kidde .
 I got eight of these alarms . They were hard wire with backup batteries . Every alarm needed a replacement battery after I installed it . They all gave low battery alarms after I installed them . Occasionally one of them -LRB- I do n't kow which one -RRB- keeps chirping . Drives me crazy .
 My condo has 7010B 's throughout , and 7010 's in the shared stairwells . I bought some 7010B 's back in July 2008 to replace defective units -LRB- they seem to go bad and randomly go off after about 5 years -RRB- and I had no problem just unscrewing the old ones and screwing in the new ones . I also bought some 7010 's in March of this year , and had no problems swapping the old units out.Now fast forward to December 2010 and I need to replace another unit , I go back to my order on Amazon from 2008 and re-order another 7010B . In the meantime I take a spare 7010 that I bought in March of this year and temporarily use that inside my condo . When my new 7010B arrived I went to put it up , but it would n't screw on the existing bracket - for some bizarre reason they redesigned the mounting brackets , it 's even different from the bracket design of the 7010 units I bought in March of this year.While it 's not the end of the world having to replace the mounting brackets , I stuck with the same model and brand so that I could easily and quickly swap out defective units .
 I bought an old multi family house and in order for the sale to go through , the owner had to upgrade the whole house and he used First Alert 7010B and SC7010BV throughout all the units . The main unit , where I live had 14 . They were all installed shortly before the sale of the house , so when we moved in they were just a couple months old . Within a month we started having problems . They would go off -LRB- all 14 -RRB- blaringly loud in the middle of the night and I would race around trying to figure out which one it was . Time after time , I would call up , get the same advice -LRB- check batteries , vacuum or blow out with air , unhook suspected unit , see if it goes off by itself , if so it is defective and you can get a free replacement -RRB- . I replaced several . After the first year warrantee was up , I had to pay for shipping -LRB- $ 3.50 each ? -RRB- . This went on for years . I probably replaced 10 of the units , some more than once . You could tell they were getting annoyed with me when I called . I was also getting fed up with the process . One day I just started unhooking them as they went off until the noise would stop . Then I 'd leave them unhooked . Until one day , there were no more left hooked up -LRB- I had given up on calling for at least a year -RRB- . I called in an electrician to see his advice and take some off of my main circuit -LRB- there were 4 in the common stairway and I did n't want to bother the tenants just because mine were going off -RRB- . He also called the company and was told this should fix the issue and to call them up if it continue . Well a few weeks later it happened again . So I blew them all out -LRB- we had replaced all the batteries when the electrician was here -RRB- . It stopped for a month , then started up again every couple weeks.The alarms would blare in the middle of the night for 2 minutes , then stop for 3 minutes , then start again . No lights indicated what alarm was triggering it . I was fed up and called them up to tell them I was throwing them all in the trash . They talked me into giving it another try . They send me -LRB- for free -RRB- replacements for all the 7010B units , and also replaced one of the SC7010BV.These units have been the biggest waste of time/effort/money I 've come across . I have a second house with older smoke detectors and they * NEVER * go off without reason . I * NEVER * blow them out or need to change the batteries . They work flawlessly and have the whole 10 years I owned the place -LRB- and had been there long before I bought the house -RRB- . I ca n't believe these are recommended by contractors or are considered good by anyone . I personally think the photoelectric sensor technology is flawed , but even if that were the case , these units should still flash lights as documented so you could tell which one was the problemI wish I knew of a good product that I could switch to . Even at $ 20/each it would be worth replacing every one of them in this house !
 We keep replacing the model that came in our new construction . We have had to return this item 2 times because it kept sounding , even when new . Replacements end up working OK when you find the right one . The lates purchase came with a string of wires attached to a different connecting head . We do n't need it b/c our house is already wired for this model , but it made me think that next time I 'm going to look harder for a different brand and do some electrical work to change the attachment somehow . This brand is also very sensitive -LRB- which may or may not be a bad thing -RRB- and it constantly goes off in the kitchen area when cooking . It is sensitive to humidity , as well . The one in the master bedroom needs replacing the most , likely b/c of steam then dust build up .
 This is the second model of BRK brands I have tried . Seems quality control on these are only slightly better than the 7020B . Have had 2 out of 9 of these fail in first 4 weeks .
 I bought 4 of this product to install in my home.They seemed to work fine , but every few days , each of them would chirp 3 times . It is n't 3 full alarm tones indicating a fire , just chirps , but its enough to wake you . I talked to the BRK/First Alert customer service agent after the first one did this and he could n't even tell me what the 3 chirps signal meant ! He sent me a replacement , but while I was waiting for it the rest of them did the same thing.This is NOT proper behavior for a smoke alarm !! These units are all on their way to the electronic recycling !! I 've ordered and installed the competitive brand !!!
 I purchased 6 new alarms to replace another BRK/First Alert alarm model that constantly went off for no reason . Less than a month after replacing them , 1 out of 6 of the 7010B has the same problem , and of course , it only takes one to create a really annoying situation . I purchased this because it looked like it was getting good reviews , but I really wish I 'd gone to a completely different brand . Oh , and there it goes again.Customer service seems to be quite good . I called today and they are shipping a new one + no need to ship old one back .
 I purchased this glasses 3 weeks ago , I paid over $ 40 . The mount did n't have shape , the lens got out from the mount easy . I put this item in the garbage . Do n't waste your money and time . You can buy something better from walmart for $ 5 .
 I guess these suspenders do what they 're supposed to do , and hold up your pants but , they 're torture to wear . The straps below the leather fastener are elastic and have give but , the straps above are made of some sort of rigid material with no give making them hard to slip over the shoulder . The worst problem is the leather fastener . It 's thick and stiff and rubs in the middle of your back when you 're sitting in a chair or bent over leaning forward . The military should use these on prisoners they want `` to spill their guts '' .
 You may think you are buying Vermont American quality , but what you will receive is the brand `` Do It Best '' crap FROM CHINA . Junk do n't buy .
 got these and they would not work in my gun checked them and they are 21 to25 degres totaly misrepreseted . Rip off will not buy again
 I 'm renovating my house and wanted to have a clean look on all my outlets ... so I decided to go with this ... the cost difference between this model and the typical two screws plate was exponential -- $ 3.59 to $ 0.60 ... of course , I also saw the Lutron comparable model at $ 3.89 ... my thinking was hell it should be the same at this high price range ... how so wrong I was ... the Leviton was a flimsy piece of crap that easily frayed off the bottom screw area ... leaving the top screw hold the entire plate ... ie . bulging out the bottom and side ... but since my contractor was installing them after I bought around 30 of them ... and discovered afterwards the pathetic condition of them all ... I truly regret the purchase and cost outlay ... the Lutron had two screws to hold the plate and one clean snap-on cover that hides it all ... a much better design than the Leviton flawed and poor design ... save yourself the money and either go with the cheap one or the best and ONLY the best , Lutron model . BTW , the single-gang , double-gang , or triple-gang are of the same poor design !!!
 This is a terrible design . You need to unscrew the switch or outlet to attach to backplate instead of using cover plate screw as in Lutron design .
 I purchased this lamp in November 2005 from an online vendor . Two weeks ago , the light went out and I thought it was because I needed a new bulb . I bought new bulbs and after two different bulbs , realized that the ceramic piece that the bulb sits in is broken and the wires on one side of it were fried and disconnected to the bulb piece . Less than 20 months after purchase , I 'm stuck lighting my huge family room with the light from the samller 50 watt bulb only until I can find a replacement . Not worth the money .
 I had the exact same problem with this light as the above reviewer . The top lamp broke -- only the reading lamp still works .
 I had purchased 2 of these lamps a few years ago . One works fine , one has the exact same symptoms that the previous 2 reviewers have . Unreliable at best .
 `` One 300W/120V halogen J type bulb for torchiere '' - NOT TRUE . Only 180W for torchiere.Extremely bad service , they did n't return e-mails -LRB- twice -RRB- .
 I just received this tool-set yesterday so I ca n't really comment through use of the tools . But upon inspection , the different tools appear very poorly made - example
 This product is only suitable for some one who is going to use it around the home . It consist of poorly made tools of inferior quality that will not stand every day use .
 Bought this product in April , and have used the tie-downs three times . I have used them for light loads only . Seems to be a major problem with the ratcheting mechanism ... the dogs that are part of the mechanism bend very easily , rendering the ratchet unusable , and they fail under light loads . I have encountered no problems at all with the straps themselves , as they appear to be well made , and performed adequately . Out of the four units that came in the package , two have bent and are unusable , the third one fell apart , and I am afraid to use the fourth one . Someone could get hurt depending on these tie-downs . I would not recommend these tie-downs under any circumstances .
 I bought this set for strapping my canoe over the top of the car . While the straps appear to be strong and sturdy , the locks are a different story . After using them 3 times , I had 2 mis-aligned and pretty much useless locks.Even though this set is relatively cheap , I regret my purchase decision . Can not recommend this product .
 instructions were horrible for such a simple product.if you are used to opening your screen door easily , you will be disappointed.it definitely adds a lot of resistance when opening . despite getting the tension as loose as possible , my wife and kids all noticed the door was way harder to slide open.the pro is that you can adjust how slowly the door closes which is nice .
 Several weeks -LRB- ! -RRB- after ordering this item , we were informed that it was being shipped . We were going on vacation , so I made special arrangements with neighbors to receive it . Then , when we were away , we were informed that it was no longer available . Bah . What I had ordered was a good-looking 300w halogen lamp . There no longer seems to be anything like this in the catalog of Visiondecor - or anywhere else , for that matter . Strange , indeed . We simply want a good-looking lamp throwing a lot of light on the ceiling . Ca n't find one . If anyone has any advice where to find such an item , we 'd appreciate it .
 The packaging is so poor that a screw is missing . Please send me 1 screw . I can not use this product until I have 1 more screw .
 Attempted to purchase a WHITE 60 '' downrod from CPO . They confirmed delivery in mid-January . The cardboard tube arrived EMPTY with one end KNOCKED OUT . The delivery was made by FedEx Home Delivery . I called FedEx -LRB- the operator spoke VERY POOR English ; I could n't even understand his name - honest ! -RRB- This FedEx operator was able to comprehensively tell me to `` you must contact the carrier . '' Odd - I thought FedEx WAS the carrier ! After this I called CPO , who emailed me the next day to let me know they were working to resolve this issue . Two weeks later , they let me know -LRB- after I asked THEM -RRB- that it would be best to cancel the order , and re-credit my account since their supplier could n't produce another white 60 '' downrod . ... I hope the money makes it back to me ... Alot of wasted time for my construction crew - which cost me more money!Of interest , FedEx was able to tell me that the shipping tube weighed 6 lbs . The empty tube certainly did n't weigh this amount . So there 's a lot of places where the true blame could lie . Never the less , I 'll not be using CPO again , I 'll avoid FedEx like the plague , and I 'll be very leary to use Amazon as a middle-man , ever again .
 After Limited use the Plastic tool guard became warped and now is useless becasue it catches on the blade.The really bad thing is that I can not find where to get a replacement sheild for this product . I can not find a website to order a replacement guard .
 I bought this saw over a year ago and Im disgust with it . For one , the motor makes too much noise for start but the main turn off is that the saw is not accurate on cross cutting ... piece of s. . t.
 We bought this back in December 2008 , and it already stopped working properly . The little green light does n't come on anymore so you basically have to guess when it 's done . Conveniently it broke just after the warranty period so we could n't return it .
 Even if you follow all the instructions , it will leak and you have to aim your container so that you get the purified water and not the tap . If you ca n't accept that like me , then you might try and fix it like I did . That 's when the fun begins . Several times in my attempts to stop the leaking by tightening it the device popped off and water splashed in my face . It 's doubly frustrating when you sit around and think about how easy it is for these dicks to make this product so that it will fit snugly on the faucet and not leak . This contraption costs about 30 dollars which is n't that cheap in my quarters . So I got it back to where it was to begin with but while I was trying to fix it I noticed how easy the whole thing comes off . So now I have to worry everytime that I use it that its gon na pop off and give me a scare .
 I may be reiterating what many of the reviewers before me have said , but I may have a few helpful points to add.First , they should have never used plastic adapters . Kitchen faucets with internal threads are quite common and the likelihood is high that you will have to use one of the included adapters to attach the filter to that kind of faucet . The plastic threading simply ca n't withstand the water pressure that will inevitably push on it when you turn the water on all the way.It would have been very easy for them to use quality steel parts , and I 'm sure most people would have been happy to even pay $ 5-10 more for something that will actually last . It is especially surprising that they would cut corners on a product where the real profit comes from the replacement filters rather than the original purchase . Who knows what they were thinking -LRB- or if they were thinking at all -RRB- , but this product simply does n't work when setup correctly.The use of plastic is not where the problems end , however , because there is literally less than a half an inch of exposed threading within the top portion of the adapter . The adapters themselves also have around a quarter inch of threading . This is really a shame , because even using a weak material like plastic might be sufficient if they had enough threads engaging to strengthen the connection.That said , if you are set on using this product -LRB- or forced to -RRB- , here are a couple of things you can do to help alleviate the problem . I 've gotten mine to work long enough for me to order something from one of their competitors . - Turn the water pressure down on your faucet . In case you do n't know how , there are usually two levers -LRB- one hot , one cold -RRB- underneath your sink that control the water supply . Try tightening them until the water flow is slow enough that it wo n't blow the filter off . - Try epoxy or a similar plastic bonding agent . I used epoxy to bond the adapter to the filter mount . You can then screw it on by holding the rotating ring in place . This is an irreversible and permanent solution , but it will make it so that there is only one point that will leak . - Another poster suggested you can contact Brita to get a metal replacement adapter . That may be a good solution . However , keep in mind that you will still have to screw the metal adapter into a short length of plastic threading . That may simply shift the weakest point to a different part of the mount .
 We have gone through 3 of these in 2 years . The actual water filter works great but the way it attaches to your sink will eventually fail and end up spraying you or completely falling off . The attachment parts are plastic and if the threads do n't get stripped while you put it on the first time , they will eventually wear down and then there is nothing you can do except shell out more bucks for a new one - mainly just for the little plastic threaded connector . Also , the indicator light is not 100 % reliable . I recall it flashing red for weeks even though we had just put a brand new filter in the holder .
 In reference to the connection problems everyone is having ... save yourself potential headache and IMMEDIATELY call the Brita 800 # and ask for metal connectors . I have n't had success keeping the connection tight without the metal ones . The cheap plastic connectors included in the original package are almost guaranteed to fail . Brita must know this ... I wish they would fix this problem and just include the metal ones standard .
 We just returned the third one of these filters . The filter itself may be good or not , we do n't really know , because we could n't use it at all . The attachments that come with the kit , to secure it to the faucet are defective , and pop out as soon as the water pressure gets up . We initially thought that we got a defective one , but after three attempts , well ... Do n't they have a quality control before they let those units out of production ?? Bottomline , if you have a faucet that will require you to use the attachments , do n't even bother ! .
 this product is useless . i had the white version for years but when it broke i replaced it with this . i ca n't keep the unit on my faucet for some reason . no matter what i do , after a few minutes it is loose & spraying water all over the place . ive tried everything i can think of over the past few weeks and am just sick of the mess . im going to try another brand . this is a complete waste of money . it does n't even deserve 1 star .
 Unfortunately , I 've purchases three of these before . The first the light stopped working so I returned it . The second fell off while I was washing dishes and I could never get it back on because the connectors were plastic and and the threading got all messed up . I bought this last one and the light stopped working again after 6 months . Crap product . Third time 's a charm . I 'm buying something else .
 This product filters well , water tastes nice and fresh when it comes out , but if you turn the faucet above a trickle , even while the filtration is disengaged , it may shoot off the faucet and into the sink . This is unacceptable . I will be complaining to the manufacturer .
 We have used the white sink attachment design in the past ; but stores here favor the black new design . This design leaks through the light window , which shone red on its light upon its use continuously - no green here . Leaks then happened around the replacement filter and the faucet sprout where it was attached . After getting one replacement by Brita -LRB- they had a nice customer service rep who said that the company had a different company and/or design concocted -RRB- . The replacement attachment -LRB- also black -RRB- - not only leaked around the small threaded cap , but under any extended time -LRB- over two minutes -RRB- or an increase in water pressure it blew off the faucet causing massive water sprays and broken dishes when the filter landed on them . Another call to the Brita people lead to them sending what they thought would be the `` correct '' threads for the faucet . When the three connector threads arrived , NONE of them fit the faucet and their filter correctly . After 6 years of buying Brita filters -LRB- and never having a past problem with them -RRB- we are tossing the filter and the replacement filters in the trash and starting on a new brand - Du Pont 's . Hope this one will work out better . Do n't say you were n't warned !
 I have been going through the installation difficulty that many people complained about here . So far I have exchanged the product 3 times and none of them could be installed properly due to the junk plastic adapter/threading . Finally I found a temporary solution today - I took out the strainer so the plastic threading is deep enough to stay on the adapter . To prevent leaking , I put plumbing tapes on the adapter . Now the filter stays on the faucet just fine and there 's no water leak . But I am not sure whether the product will function properly without the strainer .
 basically it does not attach to the faucet ... I do n't understand why they put in the market such a bad product .
 The brita filter functions well - it filters the water and it tastes better than your regular tap water . However it comes with flimsy plastic accessories . If you screw it even a little bit tight it `` snaps '' past the groove and becomes completely loose . You can also easily knock it off the faucet while washing dishes if the dish or your hand bumps into it . I kept screwing it back on but eventually got tired of it . If you want a filter - buy one that does not have plastic screws.Definitely would not buy this item again .
 This , this filter thing , is a turd.I do n't mean to be vulgar ; this product falls short of any expectations of decent service . The plastic threads are a warning sign ; the lack of plastic threads available to make a tight seal on the faucet are precious few with the rubber washer in place.If you enjoy surprises in the form of water spraying in your face when you turn on the water , then Brita has you covered . Be prepared to tighten the little gem hard without the washer to keep some sense of sanity in the kitchen sink , then keep your fingers crossed.Oh yeah . The LED light may stop working before your first filter has seen its service duty . No matter
 The unit was stripped after taking it off the faucet once ! It is a waste of mony !
 Had one of these eons ago . You know , back when they shipped with metal adaptors ? sigh ... Anyway , I hated them passionately back then . Just found them in the way all the time BUT they never popped off.However , my wife likes them . Idiot that I am I bought one for her birthday a while back . So , in the past year went thru 3 of them . Yes , popping off.And oddly enough , we have a hose that has a filter in it . Has a button that 's either spray or filtered . That 's handy . But , she wo n't use it . Got ta have the britta . Go figger.In the process of glueing the adapter to the filter to see if that works as a last resort . In a way , I 'm hoping it does n't work ! : -RRB-
 Neither of the adapters work on my faucet -LRB- of course -RRB- . I had an absolute fit trying to get this thing installed . Why on Earth would a company sell something like this knowing that such a large percentage of customers would need to get replacement parts?I will not buy from Brita again , and I only wish I had read these reviews before making the purchase.AVOID !
 If you have a Moen 7400 , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . It 's horrible . The filter constantly falls off . I 'm returning mine and going to try a Pur system .
 I bought the chrome Brita faucet filter a couple months ago and ordered a Culligan yesterday to replace it . As others have said , the fitting to the faucet is made of plastic , not metal , and thus several times per week when we turn on the water above a trickle , the connection becomes loose and we get sprayed with a face full of water . I do n't recall that ever happening with the white Brita faucet filter we used to have , but perhaps that was an older model with better parts . This filter is just too aggravating to use daily so we went with Culligan which supposedly has a stronger fitting , even though it only comes in white .
 I have to concur with the other reviewers . I 've used these for over 10 years . The first iterations had metal adapters and even though the unit itself was plastic , they seemed to hold up . The one that is currently in our kitchen , for about 3 years , is just starting to leak around the fitting and sometimes , if we 're not gentle with it when switching the filter on and off , it falls off.Before this started to fail , we replaced the kitchen faucet in my sister 's home with the exact same unit that we have knowing that the Brita filter would fit . We purchased a filter unit for her . The plastic fitting did n't even survive installation . This is a shame as another reviewer noted , we would certainly pay a bit more for metal fittings since the ongoing revenue stream for Brita is the filters . I 'll not be purchasing another .
 This generation of the product seems to have a flawed connection to your faucet . The plastic threads that hold it to the faucet will strip , and it 'll constantly fall off . Taking out the washer helps a little bit , but ... turn on your faucet to a reasonable level ... it 'll fall off again.Naturally it does this at inconvenient times , spraying all around with water . You might want to take a pass on this product for a while.Pluses -- it filters ! The 3 modes are nice.Downsides -- after a while , the battery -LRB- ? -RRB- will die , so it wo n't give you the LED indication on when to change the filter . This 'll happen after around a year ... assuming the aformentioned fatal flaw does n't kill it first .
 What a disappointment ! This product comes loose OFTEN , & falls off as well . After just 2 weeks , we 've called it quits . It was a waste of money !
 DO not buy this unless you really need some aggrivation in your life . The filter comes with flimsy parts that just do n't hold up . I 've had this less than a month and it 's flown off of the faucet more than 5 times . I will use this POS until the filter time is up and then it 's time to get another brand .
 I liked this faucet filter until ... I changed the filter and went on vacation . No one stayed in my house . When I cam back the filter only lasted 2 months -LRB- I only use for drinking water -RRB- . I decided to call Brita . Per Britas customer service there is a internal time in the filter that automatically makes the `` Bad Filter '' light come on regardless of use.They designed this product for you and I to waste our money buying expensive re-fills when they are n't even needed !
 I 'm reiterating what a lot of others are saying . I should have listened to them . This thing broke off my faucet tonight -LRB- when I bumped it with my hand -RRB- , and in the fall the plastic adapter got damaged . . It 's been there less than a week . When I put it back on , water shot out from every direction . It no longer works.One week . This is a total piece of junk . Do yourself a favor and get something else .
 The plastic threads wo n't hold . With after three applications , the water pressure blew the entire filter unit off the faucet .
 I used an earlier model Brita filter system for years with no problem . I wanted to buy a new one and decided to stick with Brita . The first one I received would not tighten properly to the faucet , even using the metal adapter did not help . I returned it to Amazon and had a new one sent the next day . I installed it and found the same problem . I looked at the threads and there was no evidence of damage . The washer was seated firmly and the metal adapter that I received from Brita was tight to the faucet . I snugged it up as best as I could but when I turned on the water and moved the lever to the filter position , I was welcomed with a huge spray of water as the whole unit exploded off the faucet ! I threw it back in the box and it 's in my mailbox for a trip back to Amazon . I 'll take my refund and find a more reliable product . Until Brita comes up with a better attachment method -LRB- like metal -RRB- I would steer clear of these . Perhaps it works fine with other faucets but certainly not on my Delta .
 Could not install filter system onto faucet using adapters provided . As soon as you turn on the water , the pressure would blow the whole unit off splashing water everywhere .
 What a waste of $ 30 ! The poor quality construction is beyond belief ! Plastic screws just do n't work and eventually leak , with water splattering all over ... Save your money , this is garbage !
 I installed this filter having high hopes for it . The first hint of a problem came early on , I had to use a plastic adapter to screw it onto my internally threaded faucet . Seemingly low-grade plastic on plastic I thought ? Surely the designers must know what they are doing . Flash to twenty minutes later . The whole assembly pops off spraying water everywhere.I managed to jury-rig it for about three months , but lately there have been a series of failures until tonight it gave out entirely.If you have an internally threaded faucet , DO NOT BUY THIS FILTER . If you get it working at all , it will not stay that way .
 I bought one of these about 6 years ago . It worked well , never fell off . I could taste the difference in my water . The light stopped working , so I decided to buy a new one recently . What a waste of money ! It has cheaper parts-the plastic adapter is ridiculous . I went to the hardware store and got a metal one . Now , instead of falling off three times a days it falls off once every three or four days . I will try to use it until the filter wears out and then buy something else . This filter is absolutely terrible . Unbelievable how much the quality has declined from six years ago .
 I have been using this system for several years without issue until last year . I bought another system last year to replace one whose battery had died . The replacement system only lasted a few months -LRB- its supposed to last 5 years -RRB- . The battery died prematurely . I called customer service and after doing some tests over the phone , they determined the battery had indeed died . They sent me a brand new replacement at no charge . It lasted less than a month ! Same thing ... battery died . I 'm through with Brita . Sad , because it used to be a great product and works great while it lasts .
 Indicator light did not come on . Extremely frustrating , especially because Brita knows , or should know , about the problem . I am -- or was -- a long time Brita pitcher user . Wanted a faucet filtration system because I thought it would make my life easier . Chose Brita because I trusted the brand . BIG MISTAKE !!! Horrible product . Useless without the indicator light . Going with PUR . Never using a Brita product .
 This filter is cheap and flimsy . I had no problem with attaching it to my faucet with the parts made availabe in the package . MY problem was when I had to SNAP the filter into place . I heard and felt it SNAP into position . When i turned the Brita unit on the filter shot into the air and water spilled everywhere . I nearly had to break my faucet with the amount of pressure i had to place to keep the filter on . It 's not worth the hassle . I would just look into another unit .
 This product has great features , and for the first day that I used it I was happy with it , but the second day I flipped the water on and the sudden increase in pressure blew it completely off . Now I ca n't get it back on . If you have very low water pressure it might work for you , but do n't plan on taking it on and off and try not to bump it . It does n't matter how good a product is when one aspect makes the entire thing unusable !
 The change in taste of water , from ordinary tap water , is very noticeable . We were amazed and happy how much better it tasted!But it is very flimsy . I accidentally knocked against it once while washing dishes , it fell out , and I have n't been able to refit it.NOT recommmended for small sinks .
 Despite it 's seemingly universal design , the included adapter wo n't fit your sink and once installed it will work for a few minutes , giving you the glimmering illusion of future days of cups quickly filled with filtered water . But soon it will pry loose under the pressure , will start spewing and pouring water everywhere before falling off and breaking any dishes in your sink.I 've really , really struggled to make this work . Seriously . I wanted it to work . But ultimately a miserable product and $ 60 -LRB- incl extra filters -RRB- forever lost .
 The threads inside this device are plastic . The threads on the piece that attaches to the sink are also plastic . Very bad design . An extra twist and the threads will become ruined , the filter will end up falling off your faucet.Designs in previous years never had this problem . Back to PUR , which still includes metal threaded pieces -LRB- yes , on the device itself as well -RRB- .
 They really need to use metal adapters and threads on the unit . After a couple uses , I would turn on the filter and the whole thing would fall right off the faucet . I guess I have high water pressure because the plastic threads were striped . No ... I did not tighten it with a wrench . I went through 2 units before I gave up and bought a Pur system . Pur uses metal.Followup . I just got an e-mail from Brita . They were shocked this happened and said they would not expect something like that to happen . Then they said the would send me metal adapters . What ? If you are so shocked and this is unexpected ... why do you have metal replacement adapters to send out ? This sounds like a known issue to me , and they only send metal adapters if you complain.So ... I got the Pur filter and was not happy with the taste . I researched here and decided to try Culligan . Wow , what a difference . Less expensive , superior quality and taste . Check out Culligan .
 Fit faucet fine - problem was , it restricted the flow so much that we developed pinhole leaks in the arm of the faucet . Now we will have to 1 -RRB- buy a new stainless steel faucet to replace the one we had which was only a few years old -LRB- Cost $ 289 -RRB- 2 -RRB- Have the plumber come out and install it -LRB- Cost Approx $ 125 -RRB- And to top it all - if someone accidentally turned the faucet on all the way the Brita filter FLEW off the end of the faucet like a projectile ! So , it 's now in the trash along with our 3 year old Delta Faucet . Did n't save us anything - but it sure COST us a lot ! Do n't waste your money on this piece of garbage ! I 'd rate this one MINUS 10 stars if I could !
 It started leaking after too short period of time . The same problem happened in my sister 's unit . You can patch it with a special tape but it takes quite a while . Low quality product .
 eventually through using the switch to select the spray or filter the unit 's cheap plastic threads will be damaged and the unit will leak or pop off completely when water pressure is applied . This is my third unit in 3 years , and I plan on never buying this again . For me to save money versus lugging bottled water home I need to have it last me more than a year or two .
 This is by far the worst product ever sold by a major manufacturer . . The Unit Sprays everywhere , Drips continuously , and is confusingto use . They were nice enough to send a new unit . Nice move on their part however the new unit was just as bad as the original . I really do not understand how they can market this item since it gives such a bad name to their other products . I am changing to under the sink unit by a different manufacturer.Bye Bye Britaeye ball on you
 My one star rating is for the new metal threads.The old plastic threaded units get five stars.We have been using the Brita tap mounted filter for many years and have been very happy with it . The plastic faucet threads have never been a problem when its attached to our Grohe kitchen faucet . We just purchased a new one with the brass threads because the old plastic one 's battery has died and does not show the filter life status . The new brass thread model is terrible . It leaks profusely when hand tightened as instructed . Also we do not like the spray pattern of the new updated design when using the filter - the old ones had a single narrow stream from the filter.It seems like some people are having problems with the old plastic threaded ones , but for us , the new ones with the brass threads are the problem . We are disappointed that a great reliable product that we use to have just does n't work . It seems like other people are having the same problems because when you call the Brita help line they are out of stock of adapters that are supposed to fix the problem with the new brass threaded models . If anyone from Brita is reading these reviews , they need to fix this problem or many previously happy customers like us will move to other products .
 Brita 35214 Base Faucet Filtration SystemI have threads outside my faucet . I do n't need the adapter . However , the little strainer that comes in the base gets warped after a few months of use . Then the water starts spraying out of base . I have a replacement filter in my closet for the past year . I never get to use it because I constantly have to buy a new base just because of that strainer . This last time , I finally called Brita . They are very nice and sent a replacement base . However , the person I was talking to at Brita told me I 'd also get a new set of adapters and to please use one . The adapters are the same as came with the base that went bad . Nothing new . There is no way I can use them to mount the filter . I would like to buy a dozen of the strainers so that I can just replace those , but Brita does n't sell the separately.In addition to the strainer warping every couple of months , I have a few more warnings to prospective buyers . It is not easy to mount the base at all . You have to put considerable pressure upward to the faucet as you turn the connector . Then , every so often you have to let the whole base twist around , hold connector , turn base back and continue . Make sure you have the base set to let plain water run through while connecting . Be prepared for many blasts of cold water in the face while you test the connection during installation.Putting the filter in the base is tricky . I did align the faint lines on the gadgets and thought I had it right . I set the apparatus to filter and left the room while it ran for the recommended 5 minutes . Unfortunately , I did n't hear the pop as the filter blew out . I had water sprayed all over my kitchen , including the under-cabinet lights . What a bother.For a few days there , I was n't using a filter . Hey , I lived , but still would prefer to have one on the faucet . However , it is a constant source of tension . Every time I turn the water on , I expect the filter to pop or a the base to spray in my face.Finally , the little lever that you use to switch from filter to plain water is too tight . It is much too hard to turn . I 'd get the more expensive model with the easy to use lever , but then I 'd be paying $ 10 more every few months when the strainer warps and I have to replace the base as well as the filter . As it is now , when I need to replace the filter I have to buy a new base and this costs $ 5 more than a simple replacement filter would.Maybe it 's time to give Pur another try . I gave up on them years ago but I see they have a new model out .
 Just like everyone else has said it 's a cheap piece of junk . I was n't going to write a review , but I 'm sitting here and I really want a drink of water but the filter wont hook up to the faucet anymore due to the cheap PLASTIC THREADED ATTACHMENT . Tomorrow I 'll go try to find a metal one.Also it takes about 3 minutes to fill a single glass of water and I have decent water pressure . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this .
 This has to be one of the WORST products ive ever bought , EVER ! As the other reviews state , the adapters wont allow you to mount the faucet filter . And when you think you have it secure , and you turn the water on , the whole setup just shoots off the faucet . Do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy this crap !
 Horrible , takes up space in sink , and filters are $ 20 + and they do n't last long . Your better off with something else .
 Bad , Bad , Bad . To Start the piece that screws this product to your sink is plastic and because the threads are `` fine '' one twist to many and the entire thing is ruined . Plus even if you opt out for a steel one -LRB- purchased from your local hardware store -RRB- it wont help any because the threads inside the device are also plastic and its very likely damaged from the previous extra twist.Horrible design , but good idea . I owned a simular device about 5 years ago and it was all aluminum.Do yourself a favor and just get the pitcher instead .
 I agree with most of the reviews already written for this . The bottom line is that if you 've had this for a short period of time it is great . Water tastes great , everything is fine but after a year coincidentally about the same time the warranty is up the plastic threads holding it to the faucet start to weaken and water leaks until eventually one day you 're washing the dishes with very hot water and it springs a major leak and sprays scalding hot water on you.Given the price , even if you bought a new one of these every year or so -LRB- my most recent one lasted almost a year and a half -RRB- it 's still cheaper and better for the environment than bottled water . I 'm about ready to switch brands and try something different .
 Bought unit and it worked fine for 3 months . Purchased new replacement filters since the light stopped working . Replaced old filter with new filter and the light still did n't turn on . Called Brita and they sent me a replacement unit and everything worked fine -LRB- including the light -RRB- for 3 weeks ~ Then the light stopped working just like the first unit except this time I had 2 unused replacement filters to use ~ Otherwise I would have junked the unit at that time . Called again to Brita but there was no replacement unit offered this time . `` We 'll send you a paid return label and you can ship the bad unit to us if you want to ... But that 's all we will do ! `` Something I did learn . The light -LRB- green , red -RRB- have no relation to how/what the filter is actually doing . It 's just a timer , just like the one on their pitchers . The lights have nothing to do with monitoring the remaining effectiveness of the filter . The Britta spokesperson almost agreed with me that their filter system tracking `` light '' was a piece of `` JUNK '' .
 Normally , I listen to reviewers on this site for advice . If there are a lot of 1 star ratings , I tend to raise an eyebrow after filtering out ones where people may or may not know what they 're doing . This is one purchase I wish I listened to the negative reviews on here.Plastic . Why use a plastic adapter for a filtration system ? After first installing , it worked like a charm ... until the first time I tried to fill a pitcher with it . Barely grazing this device will cause it to fall off , and spray water everywhere . This happened about 6 times , and then I went and got some teflon tape to wrap around the adapter . This worked for a little while , however , it would still leak a little through the threads . Then , it fell off again after the slightest bump of a hand -LRB- or maybe a feather fell on it , it 's all the same with this piece of junk -RRB- . I will be taking this back to Target tomorrow ... what a waste of time and money.The filter pitcher option will probably be my next buy . I had one a while ago , and it worked pretty good . As for this , I recommend to stay away from this , unless you are willing to bond this thing permanently to your faucet .
 I recently purchased on of these filters . It did n't fit my faucet -LRB- a seemingly fairly standard faucet -RRB- . Brita only provides two adapters in the box , which is fine if they want to save parts . They give a phone number in their instructions that buyers are supposed to call if neither of the adapters work . I called , and the machine I `` spoke '' to said they will send new parts in -LRB- a whole slew of adapters I assume -RRB- in 1-3 weeks ! I do n't understand why this is so slow . Hopefully it will work when they come . I 'll keep spending lots of money on water until then .
 I see a lot of previous reviews from other people who got sucked into this product . It 's the biggest waste of $ 30 I have ever spent . It leaks , sprays water all over my kitchen , and if I , heaven forbid , turn the water on past low , it will just fall off . I know the initial assumption is `` operator error '' , but I assure you , as an engineer who works for a consumer products company , I have installed the thing correctly . I have the most standard faucet you could find , and it leaks everywhere . When I contacted Brita about the poor quality of their product , they ignored me and never responded . And you better hope you never have to move . I am moving right now , and the little plastic adapter literally disintegrated in the faucet head and is stuck there . When I tried to remove it , the plastic just kept snapping off until now it is embedded into the faucet , which will probably now need to be replaced because of it . DO NOT BUY BRITA and DO NOT BOTHER WITH THIS PRODUCT !
 This did n't fit on my faucet . I called customer service and they sent me some additional parts and it STILL did n't fit .
 one of the worst products i have ever bought!the ring -LRB- made out of plastic !!! -RRB- that mounts on the faucet was worn out and broke -LRB- ! -RRB- before i could even get it on the faucet ... stay away from this product , it 's a complete waste of money.now i am stuck with a broken filter and a bunch of replacement filters i bought with it ...
 The depth setting does not stay put once you start working . The vibration from the tool running causes the depth setting to vibrate loose . I found it easier to just use the bit by itself without the guide in place .
 So the picture of the Chandelier looks good . The quality is very poor . Three of the six tubes that hang the globes are slightly bent and ca n't be adjusted . A tool is shipped for tightening the tubes after unpacking but the problem is the units that the fasteners screw into are slightly bent and this causes each globe to look UN-level from a distance . After spending all day putting this up I 'm not taking it down at this point . It takes over an hour just to unpack the chandelier without damaging it . Each lamp socket has two very small screws that hold it in . On two sockets all fastening had vibrated out and the screws had to be screwed back in with great difficultly . There is no room to work inside the socket . After turning on the Chandelier , one of the sockets blew the breaker in the basement . There was a short in base of the socket . The center of the socket was touching the side that the bulb screws into . A dead short . I do not advise anybody without handyman and electrical experience to buy this Chandelier . The Chandelier was manufactured in 2006 , this was on the box . I will never order another lighting fixture through the mail ; ever ... Art
 The product info and product description is not for the item being sold . This is only a post . The item description is for the Oasis mail box .
 The Amazon description of this lamp said it had a 300 watt halogen bulb , just what I wanted . When the box arrived , it said in clear letters that the lamp was only 180 watts . I contacted the seller , who said the 300 watt bulb can no longer be sold in California . I was given a free shipping form to return it . I still had to pay for the repackaging of the lamp , another $ 20 .
 Do n't buy from this manufacturer . The box was missing the entire stem of the lamp . Major hassle to return due to size and weight .
 After trying for three hours to assemble this lamp , I gave up . The threads in the pole that connects to the lamp arm were poorly machined , so it was impossible for the arm to be inserted onto the pole properly . On top of that , the small lever that holds the arm in place when the lamp is finally assembled fell off , because it was too big for the part of the arm it is supposed to attach to . So the lamp was unusable . The only good thing about this purchase was that I got a full refund . It is not a well-made lamp .
 why ca n't someone make a product like this out of strong , durable parts . . it would be such a great concept to be able to vacuum up all the small leaves and debris.This does suck it up ... but the product is basically a piece of junk that will be broken in a few months for sure .
 This product has such weak suction that it will hardly pick up dust let alone twigs leaves etc.Don ' t waste your money . I used it once and then tossed it away.Or you could just burn a couple of C notes !
 Hi there , I am a international buy in Sydney , Australia . When I receive it today , after two minutes using for the vaccumn , it smoke and totally out of work . Since the internation shipping fees will be expensive more than $ 500 , I just want to make sure , can I get a refund for the item , I can send you the picture if you like.Could anyone tell me how to get to the refund ?
 This vacuum is significantly louder than my wet/dry canister shop vacuum and the kickstand is poorly designed with the result that the vacuum tends to fall over , as other reviewers have said . It does n't pick up debris on smooth concrete as well as a standard indoor upright or a canister shop vacuum , and always left fine dirt on my garage flooor that I was tracking into the house . I find I always reach for my canister shop vacuum instead , so I ended up throwing this vacuum out . It looks like a great idea -- and for some kinds of debris it may be -- but it was an expensive failed experiment for me ...
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT YOU WILL BE RIPPED OFF WHEN YOU NEED A REPLACEMENT BAG - THERE IS NONE!This is a great product but is useless becasue you can not find a replacement bag . I have tried 16 sources from Walmart , to Pickent Fence to Amazon . All the same answer , `` I can not believe that we do n't carry a replace bag or have a source for a replacement bag '' ! I absolutely refuse to pay over $ 200.00 for another vac just to get a new bag . I guess mine will go to the land fill.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS ITEM !
 After using the Shop-Vac 4040010 Shop Sweep Indoor/Outdoor Vacuum for less than an hour , we noticed that the strap holding the collection bag to the handle had already torn -- or come unsewed . Hoping that I might be able to get a new bag , I called Amazon and was told just to return it . I am still in shock . It was a lot of work to assemble it . Now to think about disassembly and repackaging is just too much today !
 I was hoping this was the answer to vacuuming my warehouse floor but was disappointed . Lasted less than 30 minutes before the motor seized up . I would not recommend . Might be OK for extremely light duty applications .
 I wanted something for outdoor cleanup of leaves and other debris from my neighbor 's tree on my carpet putting green and my cement driveway . The tree has `` berries '' of about 1/2 inch as well as little `` caps '' in the spring -- the caps are like little spiders and weigh about the same as one -LRB- very light -RRB- . It does n't pick up anything worth a darn . Y' know those cracks in the cement -LRB- expansion joints -RRB- where everything collects ? It wo n't pick up anything in those.Basically , I wasted $ 175 . Take my word for it . Do n't get this machine . If you want one because you do n't believe me , go to Goodwill , that 's where mine will be tomorrow .
 Bought this on recommendation of a bud whos dad uses and likes the vacuum , so I thought I was safe.Xeriscape landscaping results in lots of decorative rock in the yard which collect leave and other debris . My primary use for this item was to pull this from the rock . In the past I 've used the combo blower/sucker vac , but one needs to carry the weight of the vacuum and bag on ones shoulder leading to fatigue.This unit puts the weight on the wheels which is good . But the inlet to the impeller is way too small to allow anything sizable to pass thru . The inlet gets jammed quickly -LRB- majority of my yard waste in the rock is dried oleander leaves -RRB- . So that 's a non-starter for me.Other features I did n't like were the spring loaded trigger . The trigger must be held for the unit to work . A latch or simple on/off switch would have been my preference . Another mis-step by the designer is the lack of a place to wind up a cord -LRB- you must supply your own extension cord as the unit has only maybe a 12inch length -RRB- . And I was n't impressed with the kick-stand . Empty , the unit is marginally stable as far as being free standing . Any weight in the back causes the unit to fall backward . The designers solution is a spring loaded stand . To engage , one must tilt the unit forward a far bit and work the load leaver against the spring using ones toe . So you 're tilting a vacuum , standing on one foot working the other against a spring . Easier to touch finger to nose after a half dozen martinis !
 The actual product that was sent to me was a discontinued Henry HE .185 Asphalt Saturated Cotton Fabric , clearly an inferior product . Beware of ANTOnline .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased this toolbelt for my husband last year and it is the worst gift I have ever gotten him . My husband works as a professional framer with over 10 years experience . I chose this belt because I actually believed all the `` BS '' that the seller wrote . I have given him several DeWalt tool belts before and they are the best by far . Within the first week the tool belt 's stitching was coming apart , the velcro is coming off and weak to where it does n't hold together . The pockets are really tiny and tools do n't fit properly . The material is cheap and just overall very poor quality . Do n't waste your time and money .
 I have installed 100 's of towel bars and never seen one engineered to fail like this one . I have installed this thing three times today and it is JUNK ! The styling is nice . I love it in fact , that is why I bought it . It was to replace a Kohler double towel bar . Well , there is about 1/16 '' play where the bars enter the mount attached to the wall so they WILL fall out . Using the template and level each time it fails , not enough of the bar enters the mount . They should give a lifetime warranty ... it will never be used because the thing wo n't ever work long enough to break ! Save yourself the trouble , buy a different brand .
 Looks really nice , but poorly engineered . A single set screw on each end of the bar is all that keeps everything together . Both screws stripped before I got it assembled the first time . Replaced w/locally purchased set screws , which tightened down ok , but will not hold well enough to support the stresses from 2 large towels .
 the second bar pops out all the time . It also comes loose from the wall and has to be adjusted often . I 'm now looking for a replacement !
 This tool is not the pro grade I expected it to be . It may be adequate for homeowners but is not made nor engineered well enough for pros . Sloppy tolerances make it useless for precision work , so it is more of a nuisance than anything else so I threw it the bottom of my tool box , never to be used again . The magnetic bit holder is so weak it allows bits to fall out during work , but it is strong enough to attract metal filings that have to be removed constantly before a bit can be connected . The engineering is poor and construction is worse . Improvements are needed before this `` tool '' will be anything but junk . The main thing is to build it better ! Anyone liking this tool is real easily pleased or works for the company .
 The cloth filter bag offered as a group with the cartridge filter is way too small to fit . These are not compatible items .
 It stated that this was the right sleeve for my vacuumed but it was to short to fit on it
 I bought this because I liked the size , weight and cost . I end up having several different types . Each quarter I review what is in my basic overnight pack , which is a single strap over the shoulder . I have replaced these with Adventure medical kits 8.5 ounce Bivy . Much more expensive ; but for the weight and size it offers much more capability . i would not buy these again .
 The width of these is 50.75-51 '' if you hold completely stretched out.Amazon says it is 52 . The shorter dimension is the one that is most important that it covers your body when you are laying down . I also use them to cover windows in the hot summer and cold winter .
 I received my package today thinking that I would have 10 packs inside , since that is what I ordered . Instead , one pitiful package fell out which was n't even the same as the one pictured above . I assume that there must be something wrong with the shipments going out of this business . I hope they remedy this quickly since they still owe me 9 more packs .
 This delivery was prompt - HOWEVER - I have opened 3 so far and all of the 3 are not cut properly and are torn on one side . If you have ever worked with his item you know that it will tear very quickly if there is the slightest cut . The first is in the garbage and the other 2 had to be taped . I have to assume that the other 7 are the same .
 I tried to open one of these and it was stuck together - I could n't unfold it without it tearing . The reflective lining was also missing over most of the blanket . It would be completely useless in a survival situation .
 I bought this product as a pack of 10 . They seem to be what I expected , except when I opened the box -LRB- there were other items shipped along with this -RRB- , the `` pack '' -LRB- really just a plastic bag -RRB- had been opened , and there were only 8 blankets - not 10 . I am upset with Amazon - rather than the seller - because their only remedy is for me to ship them back to them -LRB- at Amazon 's cost -RRB- , get a refund , and re-purchase them . Well , the problem there is that I now have to pay shipping , which is pretty much the same as the cost of the item . Why should I have to pay to re-ship an order that Amazon screwed up ?!? I guess that this is a lesson learned for me and anyone who reads this review
 false advertisement man . . its a film not blanket . . rips like toilet paperman so sad i wasted my hard workin earned money on it
 I do not care about bargan or cheap . That seems to ba all folks care about . What about get what you pay for ?????
 not effective . I tore one of the sheets unfolding it so I could look at it . I think in an emergency this would be a real let down .
 These are very thin . Afraid to open one up as it might rip . Disappointed in the quality , really expected something a little more durable .
 item clearly says pack of ten , yet I only received one blanket for $ 8.19 Wanted these for prizes for a Civil Air Patrol party and now we go without because someone ca n't count to ten .
 I ordered 2 packages of 10 `` emergency mylar thermal blankets '' . When I got the package , there were 2 individual mylar blankets ... not 2 orders of 10 .
 I suppose these are ok -LRB- I have n't used them -RRB- however , I only received 9 of the 10 and they are n't in a ` pack ' they are just thrown into a box individually .
 Product specifications list these as 52 inches x 84 inches . I just received my order and they are labeled as 82 inches . If size matters , and it does , this item comes up short .
 Emergency blankets are usually used in -LRB- oh , I do n't know -RRB- an EMERGENCY . That being said , these blankets tear extremely easily . They just are too thin . Do n't waste your money .
 I ordered this and it came today . It came in a very small package . I opened it up and it was only ONE large emergency blanket . Did you all get ten packages sent to you because I sure did n't .
 the item is really good but in the desciption say is a pack of 10 i just recieve 1 blanket so were is my other 9 blankets plus i wait like a month to recieve this
 I recently bought this item from Amazon in order to remove the battery in my Macbook Pro . According multiple sites I needed a Y1 bit to do this . When I got this item the Y1 bit did not fit the Y1 screw . I believe this was because the tip did not come to as fine of a point as it should have.Even if I was mistaken about the screw , I would still not recommend this set . As others mentioned the bits are not good quality . The metal seems of poor quality , the security torx bits are drilled off center , the bits do not stay in place in the case while it is closed , and there is no place to put the screwdriver .
 Nice case , but as you can see there is no spot for the ratchet driver , and no handle for case . Although the case is not that big . The `` Specialty '' bits only go down to a T7 level , which was disapointing . They should have eliminated the flat heads/hex/phillips tips to accomadate for T1-T6 -LRB- smaller heads for the specialty bits . You will not be able to use this set/case of bits for Cell phones or most newer small electonics . There were no Triangle bits .
 I 'll give this a couple of stars because it does definitely have a wide variety of useful bits . Maybe it deserves 3 stars for that , because the price is not bad - but this set has frustrated me so much that I just ca n't give it any more than 2 stars . Like others have mentioned , I also dislike that it does n't have a place to hold the driver - but you can see that from the pic , so it 's not really that much of a strike against it . But the case itself is still a piece of garbage -LRB- or at least the one I got -RRB- - the latch does n't close snugly so it can easily open up , not only that , but the bits are NOT held tightly AT ALL !! That is like 90 % of my my review is so low ... it 's absurd . I have to handle this thing like it 's plutonium every time I pick it up to avoid getting bits all over the floor . Because of having it happen so many times , the bits are not in the right places anymore -LRB- That 's totally my own fault of being too lazy - but I just do n't have the patience to put every single bit back in it 's correct spot after the 10th time they all fall out onto the floor . TO be fair - it 's only the bottom ones - so if I actually remember which side is ` up ' , it 's not SO bad , but I still have to be careful , and they still fall lose even inside the case . It 's just a mess - it should n't be such a problem.Then the driver itself - that thing broke within a few months of owning it . The main functionality still works , but the little bearing that holds in the bits popped out , so now the bit is not held tightly in the driver . Any time I pull the driver away from a screw , or if I hold it upside down , the bit gets pulled out or just flies out ... extremely annoying that I have to hold it there by hand , or hold the driver pointing up any time I 'm not actually turning a screw.It has come in handy on what you 'd expect - projects that involve security screws . This thing usually has the bit I need , and that 's something ... but it 's become such a pain to use that I dread pulling it out . At some point i 'm tossing this thing in the trash and just putting up the cash to get something that does n't cause so many headaches ...
 The quality control sucks . Several bits had the holes in the center off center . The case did not close well and some bits rattled around . I spent almost 3 times as much for my set but it worked the first time and will work many more . I do my own lock work and I use security/tamper-proof screws so these bits have to work . Save up and pay a little more .
 I bought this item with somewhat high hopes because most of the reviews were positive . However upon unwrapping the packaging on the case and opening it , about 1/3 of the bits are missing altogether . This a joke .
 i thought i 'm ordering quality products on Amazon but this turned out to be cheaper ebay quality . most of the bits are defective .
 the bits actually started rusting on the 3rd day !! the 3rd day ! chip in a little more a get a better quality one
 if you are trying to use the Tri-Wing screwdriver to Open Your Nintendo Wii , please do not Buy it ... but if your reason is different , i will recommended to buy . .
 I opened up the vac to dump it and the pre filter was laying in the bottom ! Seems the adhesive is not strong enough to hold it in place . Now what to do , I am thinking maybe rubber bands . Poor quality .
