 This book is a great example of rational thinking . The way Paley states his argument is flawless , and he uses all the resources available by his time . His arguments , of course , are no longer useful to creationists , this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory , but at his time this was a must read . Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later , when they were students , and this book imprint -LRB- at least as I 'm concern -RRB- a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory . It is so well written , and , again , so well founded , that dismiss it was quite a task . Recently Dawkins wrote a book `` The blind Watchmaker '' that was inspired by Paley 's `` Natural Theology '' , and solidly refutes his arguments -LRB- irrefutable in Paley 's time , since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so -RRB- . This is a classic book , it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives , I highly recommend it .
 This book is a great example of rational thinking . The way Paley states his argument is flawless , and he uses all the resources available by his time . His arguments , of course , are no longer useful to creationists , this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory , but at his time this was a must read . Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later , when they were students , and this book imprint -LRB- at least as I 'm concern -RRB- a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory . It is so well written , and , again , so well founded , that dismiss it was quite a task . Recently Dawkins wrote a book `` The blind Watchmaker '' that was inspired by Paley 's `` Natural Theology '' , and solidly refutes his arguments -LRB- irrefutable in Paley 's time , since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so -RRB- . This is a classic book , it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives , I highly recommend it .
 This book is a great example of rational thinking . The way Paley states his argument is flawless , and he uses all the resources available by his time . His arguments , of course , are no longer useful to creationists , this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory , but at his time this was a must read . Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later , when they were students , and this book imprint -LRB- at least as I 'm concern -RRB- a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory . It is so well written , and , again , so well founded , that dismiss it was quite a task . Recently Dawkins wrote a book `` The blind Watchmaker '' that was inspired by Paley 's `` Natural Theology '' , and solidly refutes his arguments -LRB- irrefutable in Paley 's time , since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so -RRB- . This is a classic book , it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives , I highly recommend it .
 This book is a great example of rational thinking . The way Paley states his argument is flawless , and he uses all the resources available by his time . His arguments , of course , are no longer useful to creationists , this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory , but at his time this was a must read . Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later , when they were students , and this book imprint -LRB- at least as I 'm concern -RRB- a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory . It is so well written , and , again , so well founded , that dismiss it was quite a task . Recently Dawkins wrote a book `` The blind Watchmaker '' that was inspired by Paley 's `` Natural Theology '' , and solidly refutes his arguments -LRB- irrefutable in Paley 's time , since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so -RRB- . This is a classic book , it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives , I highly recommend it .
 William Paley 's `` Natural Theology '' was written over two hundred years ago . But it is by no means an historical curiosity , for two reasons.The first is that no author , before or since , ever presented the Argument from Design in a fuller , clearer , or more persuasive form . The prose is elegant , the examples and arguments well crafted , the conclusions precisely stated , and all without either the pious condescension or angry threats typical of much religious apologetics . Paley engages the reader with his sympathetic tone , startling analogies , and shining sincerity.The second reason is that this is one of the most influential books ever written . Every subsequent writer on the Theory of Evolution , from Charles Darwin to Richard Dawkins , stands consciously in the shadow of this masterpiece . Read it yourselves , and find out why .
 This book is a great example of rational thinking . The way Paley states his argument is flawless , and he uses all the resources available by his time . His arguments , of course , are no longer useful to creationists , this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory , but at his time this was a must read . Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later , when they were students , and this book imprint -LRB- at least as I 'm concern -RRB- a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory . It is so well written , and , again , so well founded , that dismiss it was quite a task . Recently Dawkins wrote a book `` The blind Watchmaker '' that was inspired by Paley 's `` Natural Theology '' , and solidly refutes his arguments -LRB- irrefutable in Paley 's time , since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so -RRB- . This is a classic book , it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives , I highly recommend it .
 This book is a great example of rational thinking . The way Paley states his argument is flawless , and he uses all the resources available by his time . His arguments , of course , are no longer useful to creationists , this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory , but at his time this was a must read . Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later , when they were students , and this book imprint -LRB- at least as I 'm concern -RRB- a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory . It is so well written , and , again , so well founded , that dismiss it was quite a task . Recently Dawkins wrote a book `` The blind Watchmaker '' that was inspired by Paley 's `` Natural Theology '' , and solidly refutes his arguments -LRB- irrefutable in Paley 's time , since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so -RRB- . This is a classic book , it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives , I highly recommend it .
 Damon Knight was a genius who was largely unapreciated . `` Rule golden '' is amazing.As was `` A ' is fir anything.Can not praise his brillance enough .
 This book gives intimate details of the events most important to the women involved -- family dynamics , marriage , childbirth , and so forth . Because Ms. Abu-Lughod seems to have become almost a member of the family , the book reads like an insider 's rather than outsider 's account . It is affectionate without becoming sentimental or lacking in objectivity .
 In the preface to the new edition , Lila Abu-Lughod confesses that her book failed to reach its public . It was `` billed as a book about women and an experiment in feminist ethnography '' , and its key messages failed to pass through . In any case , she may have tried to kill too many birds with one stone . As she recalls , `` in Writing Women 's Worlds , I used the narratives , arguments , and everyday lives of some individual families living on Egypt 's northwest coast to try to do three things
 A very insightful look into a world that many of us would never otherwise venture into . The author takes a very personal interest , and presents the subject from a very intimate viewpoint , such as a scene of women around the dinner table , or out and about shopping . After reading this novel I have acquired a bigger appreciation of the struggles of the women in these worlds , and have gained a similar appreciation for how far we 've come since then . A very interesting read . Easy to read for any level of interest , whether you 're reading this for a class , work , or for personal enrichment .
 I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in the development of women in Islam in Africa . The book portrays anthropological and feminist insights to construct a critical ethnography . Furthermore , it explores the difficulties that women in developing countries must face on a daily basis . Other than this , I received the book within of week of my purchase and the book was in excellent condition ; I would recomment this seller to anyone .
 I am not usually particularly intrigued by anthropological or ethnographic treatises , but this one is very well-written and very interesting . The author plays with narrative styles and tells stories as just that -- stories -- even as she describes a life in an Egyptian Bedouin community that many readers will not have imagined , let alone experienced.Highly reccomended .
 In great condition . Plenty of email notifications on my order 's status and info . This purchase was quick and simple .
 This book is a comprehensive guide to the art and science of public speaking . It covers all the basics and then some . I am a professional speaker and a professional member of the National Speakers Association -LRB- www.nsaspeaker.com -RRB- . I teach public speaking skills and always recommend this book . I totally disagree with a previous reviewer who says the way to better public speaking is through practice . Experience without foundation is not the best teacher where public speaking is concerned . There is much to be learned about presentation technique , content development , preparation , etc. . The book also gives great tips for using humor to make your point , using audiovisuals appropriately -LRB- so many people use them inappropriately -RRB- , handling questions and so much more . Whether experienced at speaking or a novice , everyone can glean something from this book .
 I 've had a copy of Successful Presentations for Dummies on my bookshelf since 1996 and found it to be a great reference and source of ideas for presentations as I have moved forward in my professional career . The book is broken up into various sections that address the most common problem areas for presenters and is easily referencable when you just need a quick review . I recommend this book , but it is now out of print .
 As a professional speaker , I found this book full of useful information . The author covers everything from how to be introduced to how to end your presentation effectively . He tells you how to involve your audience , how to use humor , how to design your presentation , and more . It 's full of tips and examples . While it 's true that the best way to improve your public speaking is to just do it , this book will shorten your learning curve by years !
 I quite like this book.For example , it has a very nice discussion of radiometry . It even has sample questions so that you can verify your understanding.On a number of topics , it has a clear discussion that has enough depth that you will not need additional references . This includes the ideas of NEP and detector noise .
 My Darling Villian is about Kate , a middle class girl and her boyfriend Mark . It shows how class difference really does effect every day lives and their are class differeces everywhere . It 's very well written and easy to read . It 's my favorite book
 well , recently i have been reading lots of books and annalysing them , the most appreciating of the books was a book by Lynne Reid Banks called my Darling Villain . its about the class differentiations between the english society -LRB- ies -RRB- during the early 20th century and how the author portrayed each class was just astonishing . the contrast can make one move and feel all emotional . it is really touching and one could say its '' book to its perfectionate '' . i can almost certainly gurantee that this book would let one feel emotionally touched and would certainly reccommend it to anyone who is interested in such variation in class society in Britain during the war .
 My Darling Villain is narrated by 16-year old Kate Dunhill , who lives with her middle-class parents in London . It is sensitive and detailed in its description of the highs and lows of growing up . The underlying theme of this book -LRB- and many others by Lynne Reid Banks -RRB- is that of conflict and reconciliation . In Kate 's life these are between parents and children , brothers and sisters , the upper , middle and lower classes , Jews and Non-Jews , Kate and her friends , teachers and relations , and the strong conflict between men and women.For me a defining moment in the book takes place on a family outing to the British Museum where Mr Dunhill finds Kate and her mother discussing Kate 's new boyfriend . He rolls his eyes dramatically -LRB- well , he is an actor -RRB- and calls upon Heaven to witness that women have no earthly right to claim equality with men when they can not keep their minds off sex even when surrounded by the greatest works of civilisation . -LRB- And you 'll have to read the book to find out Mrs Dunhill 's clever retort ! -RRB- As we experience the full richness of emotion with Kate , the reader sees that this is an accurate and lovely portrait of teenage life , especially for anyone nostalgic for the 1970 's . I strongly recommend this book and any other by Lynne Reid Banks , particularly The L-Shaped Room
 Ah - The Sperm Engine - Stephen Greco 's debut success ! This nasty little treasure , is a compilation of erotic journal entries , short fiction and narrative essays , with enough dirt for your inner voyeur to feast upon for weeks . After all , what else do you do with your inner voyeur ? Offer to play a game of catch?Greco certainly is an acquired taste for those who prefer the memoir/essayist , David Sedaris . But for those for decide to take the risk , they will find that Greco is as witty and creative , if not a lot more risque . Alas , one shoud not catagorize this as plain erotica , though many of the chapters contain greatly detailed sex acts and thoughts . Greco tends to tell a greater story using erotica as a mere literary tool to help push his story along . His first chapter , gives an intense testimony to meeting his partner in the cruising grounds of a Brooklyn park and is handled very bluntly , where the reader mouth will drop open in pure shock and amusement . However other chapters confess darker tones , such as a story devoted to a character 's last act of intimacy with his dying lover in a hospital bed . Greco explores more of the human frailty and conflict through sexuality . Not only does he share some of his most intimate secrets , but some of his wizdom as well.Of course , memoir and fiction certainly do interwine within this book and it can be difficult to distinguish which stories are fiction and which are not . One particular fiction piece , `` Men and their Issues '' , follows the storyline of about 15-20 different characters over the course of one evening - some of the characters being humurously created and others more tragic.The `` Sperm Engine '' is a truely excellent read , blending in dramatic memoir , humour and erotica together . This may not be a book to read through in one sitting , but perhaps to be savored over several nights and reads .
 I never thought I would get addicted to this book in the way that I did . As a hetero female , I assumed I was n't the target audience . And I 'm not . But that 's besides the point . The stories are so engaging , so honest and funny that they transcend gay porn or erotic fiction . They 're fascinating stories -- a truly spectacular entree into the world of the penis .
 If you enjoy costume and accuracy this is a catalog with a snap shot in time . The picturs are large with period description . This isnt a pattern book but rather an idea book .
 As you might expect it is filled with illustrations from catalog , great reference for costumers and any one curious about what was worn in that time period .
 This is the first review I have ever posted on Amazon . This is a book published only last month -LRB- Oct. 2005 -RRB- . One of its most outstanding features for someone seriously considering relocation to La Belle France is what appears to be very recent and deailed information -LRB- in both Euros and dollars -RRB- calculated per square meter for the most part but it has tables for converting to feet -RRB- of what it takes to buy or rent in 5 different areas of France that are most popular with foreigners who have been coming to France to live in recent years in large numbers
 I have visited France many times but have never lived there for an extended period of time , but have recently thought about the possibility of relocating there . This book has provided me with a good overview , though probably outdated concerning cost now with the advantage of a stronger dollar . I enjoyed reading about someday being part of the French dedication to living and what would be expected of me as an expat . Concerning some of the red-tape discussed , for anyone seriously considering relocating , it would probably require more comprehensive information than this book offers . Informative and a good indication of what to expect , and for the adventurous it will have us packing .
 Why the need for a specialized title on France when so many general travel books exist for the country ? Because it 's quite a different matter living in France as opposed to visiting it
 Book was as described in perfect condition - buy from this seller with confidence .
 do not read this book in first class the air hostess will come over and say it is scaring the other passengers !
 A beautifully photographed subject , the text provides outstanding detail on different plant varieties in addition to general information on climbers -- growing them and sustaining them . The book is organized by types of climbers and I will say it expanded my thinking about climbers and their uses . An excellent three pages on care and cultivation , with pruning diagrams . Those might just be worth the price of the book itself . The downside is that it is not area specific and I wonder which of those in the book are either available or suitable for southern California .
 I always had troubles with putting vines in the wrong places . I found that they were often nuisances more than pleasures when established . With the tips in this book , I have been able to make smarter selections so I have the advantages of vines and climbers without the invasive problems . Especially useful were tips on espaliering climbers and pruning specialty plants , such as clematis . If you are planning on using climbers , this book is worth a read .
 Henry James -LRB- 1843-1916 -RRB- was nicknamed The Master by admiring fellow-authors towards the end of his life . He is truly a noble , gifted , psychological author depicting a by-gone era but including timeless insights about human beings and their general and mental situations in his writings . He is a master of lengthy prose -LRB- too lengthy for some ! -RRB- These Library of America editions of James 's writings are wonderful , high-quality , unabridged books with expert editing -LRB- notes -RRB- at the back of the volume . They have a knack for selecting the best editions of the author 's writings where more than one version was published in the author 's lifetime . The short stories of this volume are from the mature period but before James ' final developed style of fictional writing . There are a large number of stories including many wonderful gems such as `` Owen Wingrave , '' `` The Coxon Fund '' and `` In the Cage . '' To be fair , most of the stories were written quickly for magazines , and a few -LRB- `` Glasses '' comes to mind -RRB- just are n't good stories at all , in my opinion . However , most of the stories do succeed quite well . `` Owen Wingrave '' -LRB- criticized by Bernard Shaw as being too deterministic and neglecting free will -RRB- is actually a penetrating tale about military culture , military values , and the role of the military in the nineteenth-century world . `` The Coxon Fund '' is about a brilliant lecturer supported by the fund but whose life and the lives of his supporters are full of pitfalls outside of the Fund 's influence . The story shows how the successes and failures of the Fund -LRB- and the Lecturer -RRB- have subtle and not-so-subtle ramifications for each of the characters . With `` In the Cage '' , the author steps outside of his accustomed higher-class and higher-educated mix of characters to present the plight of a penetrating lower-class telegram processor and her insights on life and her suitor . I found it a nice rendition of late-nineteenth century London . I encourage readers to explore this and other Library of America editions of James ' writings .
 During the 1890s , Henry James was a proper Englishman with special knowledge about the cousins on the other side of the water . Americans continue to crop up in the stories . So do ghosts . Several among the 21 stories in this volume 4 of LoA 's edition of James stories have ghostly elements . HJ generally treads lightly in this field though , there is no cheap horror . ` Nona Vincent ' is a story about a play and a platonic triangle between the writer , his lead actress , and his benefactress . There is a mild ghost element , or is it a dream ? Very much tongue in cheek.At the time of writing this story , HJ was himself trying to set foot on the stage as a playwright . He failed . He was not destined to be a stage star . Several of these stories are stagey . ` The Real Thing '
 Despite the objections that readers may raise as to style -LRB- difficult , convoluted -RRB- and his sometimes limited subject matter , Henry James remains one of the Great American writers , and also one of the most prolific . The mountain of fiction James created is truly impressive and almost consistently interesting . Library of America has dedicated multiple volumes to James , excluding only -LRB- as far as I am aware -RRB- his `` dramatic '' efforts , which were by and large a failure , if not a disaster . Consistent with its approach , LoA has published all of James 's short stories in 5 volumes , organized by date of composition/publication . The present volume covers 1892-98 , a fertile period for James 's short fiction , encompassing the final years of his theatrical efforts and somewhat before his most difficult final period -LRB- i.e , The Golden Bowl , and others -RRB- . This volume includes a number of stories that should be in ANY compilation of James 's stories , including The Turn of the Screw , The Real Thing , The Figure in the Carpet , In the Cage , and others . It also is interesting to note that , at this point in his career , James 's stories increasingly were concerned with loss , mortality , and ruminations on the `` legacy '' of an artist , for example `` Greville Fane , '' `` The Middle Years , '' `` The Death of the Lion , '' `` The Alter of the Dead , '' and '' The Figure in the Carpet . '' The volume is done with LoA 's usual quality and is certainly a worthy publication . My only reservations are these . First , if you are looking for a volume that includes the `` best '' of James 's stories , you do n't specifically care about this `` period , '' and you do not intend to collect or read all 5 LoA volumes of stories amounting to something like 4000 pages , you are probably better off with an anthology that covers all of James 's writing career . Second , LoA has consistently followed a philosophy of letting the works speak for themselves , with little -LRB- if any -RRB- critical commentary or guidance , except for very good chronologies of the authors ' lives . I certainly respect and understand this approach , and an interested reader can relatively easily acquire useful criticism or commentary from other sources . However , with James , perhaps more than some other LoA authors , some critical input would be quite valuable . For example , taking only The Turn of the Screw , the various interpretations are diverse and fascinating in their own right
 The short stories of Henry James are a microcosm of his novels
 Why is Amazon listing this book , Henry James
 This book is a great story for any children who are attached to a stuffed animal , blanket , etc. .
 my 2 year old daughter is always excited about how mum & dad & the sun fix Louies ` s goose , cute story & pct .
 A good childrens ' book , excellent for reading to pre-school aged children . The text can easily be understood by the 3 and 4 year olds in my library story hour as they identify with Louie and his most favorite stuffed animal , a red goose . The illustrations are great !
 The poet , of course , says it best
 ... who finds his own path through the arcane , the obscure , and the unique . In these 40 essays , some published for the first time , Williams champions the reader as well as the writer , the artist and the tinkerer , the big idea and the passing fancy . What brings them all together is JW 's unflagging faith in the individual ; his enthusiasm for the regional writers and artists he celebrates -LRB- many published for the first time through the Jargon Society -RRB- is a joy to read . Sadly , the number of memorials included here -LRB- Joel Oppenheimer , James Loughlin , Robert Duncan , among many others -RRB- indicates a wealth of talent that is quickly passing ; and , as Williams himself notes , the number of `` 85 genuine poetry readers sounds much too high to me . '' Still he persists , and continues to promote and publish . The wellspring of American creativity is a self-renewing resource , even as JW echoes Walter Lowenfels
 I bought this book a number of years ago . I am presently teaching photography and find the content to be well organized and understandable as a source of technical information . I wish it was more readily available to use as a text book for my students .
 The layout of the book is very textbook like . Principles are explained , examples given , then a short homework assignment . This `` old school '' method of teaching works , and for photography , it works well . Many of the lessons are not helpful for digital photography . Most are , since they deal with general principles of photography . This book does a much better job at explaining the technicalities of photography than any other I 've encountered .
 Pam , one of the Pony Pals , is shocked to discover that Lightning , her pony , is behaving oddly . He seems upset with her , her friends , and even the other ponies . Pam soon learns the problem is more serious than Lightning 's hurt feelings . Readers will be just as anxious as Pam for a happy resolution.This is the first Pony Pals book I have read , and I found it very enjoyable . While its relatively straightforward plot and writing style are clearly aimed at younger readers -LRB- well , younger than me , anyway -RRB- , I still got caught up in the emotion . I was also impressed at the level of complexity shown in the friendship between the Pony Pals . Yes , they 're all friends , but that does n't mean everything is always sweetness and light . I 'm surprised to find myself wanting to read other books in the series , and I 'm sure regular readers will be pleased by this installment .
 I do n't usually have trouble with my pony Acorn but I know what it 's like to fall out of the saddle.It hurts!Pam loves her chestnut Connamara pony Lightning.She never has trouble with her.But lately Lightning has been acting very strange.Pam falls off her back more than usual and gets a lot of bruises.Pam 's Pony Pals Anna and Lulu are worried.So then Pam 's dad the vet is called in.The Pony Pals find out that what is troubling the poor pony is more than feelings.Can the Pony Pals help Lightning?A great book to read and find out for yourself !
 In this book , Pam finds herself having trouble with Lightning that she does n't know why . Soon , Lightning starts getting more dangerous and gives Pam a couple more bruises . That 's when it 's decided to get Pam 's dad involved , but what 's wrong with Pam 's Pony ? I liked that at the beginning for once that I did n't have a clue what the problem was . Even though I am getting a little old for this series , I like the fact that these books are well written and deserved to be read .
 This book is one of my favorite pony pal books . It 's about Pam 's pony Lighning is out of constrol and Pam does n't know why . Lightning bits Anna 's pony Acorn for no reason and was mean to Snow White . She bucks Pam at least twice and tried to kick her.This was the first pony pal book I read and I thought this was quite interesting . So I read more pony pal books and I kept on reading them over and over
 Pam has NO idea what is making Lighting act very strangly . She gets bucked out of the saddle , refuses to eat , and does n't listen . Will Pam have to give up her pony , or is some seriously wrong with Lighting ?? Read to find out !! I LOVE this book VERY , VERY much !!!
 This is one of thegreatest pieces ofmath art that I haveever seen . Trulymagnificent !
 This is a great thesaurus . Easy to read , easy to understand . If you are looking for a top notch , high quality , inexpensive thesaurus , this is the book for you . I recommend this highly without reservation .
 While the storyline is not great , it does explain all the words in alphabetical order.The description of antidisestablishmentarianism was most enlightening though . The ending was a little predictable , the build up to a description of zytoplasm disappointing.A little more imagination required here , I could find no reference to common terms such as bum bandit , hand shandy , shirt lifter and fudge nudgers .
 Took me almost three years but I did it . Read every word -LRB- I think they were words -RRB- . Much like running a marathon a lot pain was involved along the way . However , also like a marathon that pain was replaced by a tremendous sense of relief and accomplishment when it was over . The end of the novel became my quest , my obsession - just like Ahab 's white whale.Can ' t tell you what `` Finnegans Wake '' was about because I ca n't even pretend that I understood it . For me , `` Finnegans Wake '' was more of a one-of-a-kind experience than it was a traditional read . Most of the time I kept thinking what kind of a mind creates this style , this language , this alternate reality ? There were times that I thought I almost grasp something but that something quickly evaporated much like a phantom or a hallucination . Though I did n't understand it I ca n't say that `` Finnegans Wake '' is without merit . It has endured too long and has sparked too much debate to be rendered insignificant . Frankly , I enjoy reading the wildly diverse opinions/analysis/commentaries on Amazon.com more than I did the book . And that is why I gave `` Finnegans Wake '' a 4-star rating .
 ... Joyce oddiously was under urdress when he wrought this apict pome . She war a barmaid floodsea at a Dublin tub . Le francaise percie o'really gave Joyce a belt on the gob , said right me a story bout meself to show the boys back hoe , will ye , or you ' z the bottomest blarney in Eire . Tip ! Tip ! Tippytoes ! Thonder struck ! You Big Bud Bugmaster Vinfindlander ! Then numpty tim had a bawdy fall , all gang to Funagain 's wack , whirl there 'll be ye old earwigs on the greene , ear wags on the green ! No toller man than he , that furagrain balcon climber . Indeed this be Joyce 's mammaknowbesta , but `` this is not language at any sinse of the world '' . Joyce sange a song of six pennies `` the king was in his cornwall melking mark so murry , the queen was steep in armbour feeling fain and furry '' , fable of the `` Ondt and the Gracehopper '' , cited Shakespeare `` Rose Lankester and Blanche Yorke '' `` heigh hohse , our kindom from an orse ! '' and Nietzsche `` Also Spuke Zerothrustor '' , so inretch yourself with this Ale of Man , like a loki afternoon in the bar , overbearing con versailleshunals of real men drinking `` the wine that wakes the barley '' og `` cupturing the last dropes of summour down through their grooves of blarneying '' , sans doubte ...
 There is , I think , one prerequisite for enjoying this book . Be open to it . Whatever legendary reputation is attached to it , is there because it is , in any sense , an extraordinary book . Understanding a plotless novel that a positively brilliant man spend over a decade on is not a very realistic goal , I think , when reading it . However , enjoying it is no hard task at all . Reading it attentively , not meticulously , left me smiling all the time . People complaining about its inaccessibility are , I think , too preoccupied with assuring their own intelligence by trying to understand everything .
 `` You is feeling like you was lost in the bush , boy ? '' -LRB- FW p. 112 -RRB- . Here we have the ultimate in desert island choices ! It is the Ring cycle and the Sistine Chapel of literature . Though not one of the longest books ever written -LRB- at 628 pages -RRB- , it is undoubtably the deepest . I am only a teenager , but I think my limited grasp on this veritable tome has led to a more complete understanding of this zany world . Look for anything in this book and you will find it . It reflects the entirety of human history , but is only as esoteric as you want it to be!Do not be afraid ! It was far more of an undertaking to write this than it can ever be to read it - remember poor , bespeckled , blind old Joyce slaving away on his unrecognized magnum opus . Just try it , and laugh your heart out .
 `` This is the book that never ends it goes on and on my friends . Some people started reading it not knowing what it was and they will continue reading it because this is the book that never ends ... '' -LRB- based on the song the never ends -RRB- If you are a person who like to read the ending first please do with this book . Read the ending or at least the last sentence . The book opens with the last half of the sentence that closes the book . Just as I jokingly changed the song lyrics from song to book , this book does not really end . It is a cycle that repeats and does not really have a begin point . Open the book any where at begin.Since it is a book that does not end , I have read the pages twice through , but truely I have never finished reading it.The book has a flow which as printed text stays the same but each reading through is different . It is a simple plot as given in the summeries , but also one of great complex . It is a book to be spoken , not one to read in silence . The way to read this work is to simply hear it . If you do not understand , simply keep listening . As a child I was told , if you do not know a word look it up . In this book , skip the looking up and keep the flow alive . At some point you will enter the flow of the words.The book remind me of the Lord of the Rings . Both authors create an multilayered and deep reality . Both authors like to play with language . LORTR is adventure styled after the sagas of spoken by the winter fires old and creates a myth saga in a dream like world . FW is styled to be spoken by a winter fire and interweaves myth with the conscious and the unconscious struggles of modern life in a dreamlike world . The LORTR is easy to follow , but the reminding ends for FW is not easy to follow . Yet how can flowing struggle of conscious and unconscious be easy to follow?It can be said half joking `` that reading FW is like the withdrawl off Paxel or any of its class of drug . You risk part of your sanity as you struggle with the conscious and unconscious flow of life . ''
 Okay , folks , this is how you `` read '' Finnegans Wake . First , you read Shakespeare , preferably Hamlet , start with Cliff 's Notes . Then you read the encyclopedia blurb on Vico , the author . Then you read everything you can find on Finnegans Wake in your local half-price book store , and maybe two or three current books on Finnegans Wake from Amazon or one of the big box stores . Then read Joseph Campbell 's books on James Joyce and Finnegans Wake . Finally read Harold Bloom 's Western Canon . Once you have read those books -- then place Finnegans Wake by your bedside and read a bit every night . Do n't start at the beginning . Start anywhere . Harold Bloom will guide you . But read a paragraph or two each session , and then spend about an hour trying to sort out the puns , the historical references , the inside jokes , the psycho-social-sexual history of Joyce , and you will never tire of picking up the Wake again . And that 's it . They should never assign Finnegans Wake to high school students . I agree with earlier reviewer
 This work is Joyce 's finale . It is the logical extension of processes within his work from the earliest writing through Dubliners the Portrait , through Ulysses , and at last ` Finnegan 's Wake ' . He invents a language of his own , a language of all languages , and expects Mankind to spend ' all the years of the nights ' reading it . Aside from his courage , and conviction his great arrogance and literary power this work is the proof of the artist going to the end of what he is with all that he has.And this said in praise - the truth , the basic truth of the unreadibility of the work , of its being rescued for readers by certain lyrical passages , the opening and ending most notably , leaves the work as a secondary one in the Joyce canon . Joyce is Joyce because of Ulysses . Finnegans Wake is the curiosity of his middle old age . The truth is too that the fundamental efforts to make all of history myth , and to find in repetition the answer to our meaning is mistaken historically . And the other great failing is in the punning language itself , the proof positive that in trying to mix up everything into one , one arrives primarily at confusion.Finnegan 's Wake thus stands more as kind of chapter in the literary biography of Joyce than as a literary work of value in itself . And yet how to forget ' riverrun past eve and adam 's from bend of bay to swerve of shore ' all the way to ' carry me along taddy like ya done at the toy fair a way a lone a last a long the '
 `` Finnegans Wake '' -LRB- no apostrophe , kids -RRB- is the logical conclusion -LRB- `` It 's Phoenix , dear ! '' -RRB- to Joyce 's creative life , the last work of the greatest master of words in any language since Shakespeare . -LRB- Admit it ! -RRB- If you think `` Ulysses '' is `` incomprehensible , '' then head for the Mystery section at your bookstore . I 'd recommend reading a page , tho ' , to see what all the shouting is about . For me , I knew I could n't look back , and Joyce has been a blessed thorn in my side for 20 years . Good gosh , what would I do without this man James Joyce , the last heavyweight in the pantheon of godlike writers . ADDENDUM
 `` Finnegans Wake '' is a novel for people who are tired of reading novels . The chapter summaries in the table of contents , and not the body of the novel itself , give evidence of a plot , which concerns the dream-consciousness of a man whose initials H.C.E. recur as an acronym at various points in the text and whose wife Anna Livia Plurabelle , sons Shem -LRB- the Penman -RRB- and Shaun -LRB- the Postman -RRB- , and daughter Issy figure prominently among many other exotic and unexpected characters . However , the presentation is so nebulous and abstract that the novel resembles nothing else in literature , although the style looks deceptively easy to imitate.Upon first looking at the pages of `` Finnegans Wake , '' one inevitably must wonder what it 's supposed to be . My explanation of it is an extension of my theory about `` Ulysses , '' which is that `` Ulysses '' was Joyce 's effort to write a novel that used every single existing word in the English language , or at least as many as he could . -LRB- Among its 400,000 words , `` Ulysses '' certainly has a much broader lexicon than any other novel of comparable length . -RRB- Having exhausted all the possibilities of English in `` Ulysses , '' he had only one recourse for his next project , which was to create an entirely new language as a pastiche of all the existing ones ; the result is `` Finnegans Wake . `` The language in `` Finnegans Wake '' is a continuum of puns , portmanteaus , disfigured words , anagrams , and rare scraps of straightforward prose . What Joyce does is exploit the way words look and sound in order to associate them with remote , unrelated ideas . For example , his phrase `` Olives , beets , kimmells , dollies '' may sound familiar to those who happen to know that the first four letters of the Hebrew alphabet are aleph , bet , gimel , daled . `` Psing a psalm of psexpeans , apocryphul of rhyme '' recalls a nursery rhyme that may reside quietly in your most dormant memory cells , while `` Where it is nobler in the main to supper than the boys and errors of outrager 's virtue '' sounds like a drunk auditioning for the role of Hamlet . Imaginary adjectives that pertain to letters of the English alphabet are employed to describe Dublin as a city `` with a deltic origin and a nuinous end . '' `` Finnegans Wake '' is the ultimate in esoterica , and what you get out of it depends largely on your store of knowledge , so that upon completion , with a mutual wink at Joyce , you congratulate yourself for being so clever.The text is supposed to reflect a dream or a dreamlike state , an imperfect rendering of hazily remembered pictures and thoughts , but it also evokes the multivocal babble one might hear in a crowded Irish pub , multiple rolling streams of lilting brogue-laden speech combining into a sort of rhythmic cacophony , a variegated procession of verbal images ranging from the mundane to the fantastical . It can not be read in any conventional manner of reading prose ; each sentence has a melody , and the words must be vocalized in the mind to hear the verbal music . It can be maddening if you try to make meaning of it all , but if you 're familiar with Joyce 's past work , you 've already risked your sanity adequately to make it through `` Finnegans Wake . ''
 To answer a few points made by other reviewers :1 -RRB- Yes , some people have finished this book . I have , and so have several people I know .2 -RRB- Some people enjoy this book . -LRB- see above -RRB- .3 -RRB- It is n't just self-indulgence by academics . For example
 Call me crazy , but I almost never stop reading a book I started . Sometimes I 'm sorry I did n't give it up at first , but other times -LRB- e.g. , `` Moby Dick '' -RRB- I 'm not.It took me five years to read finnegan 's wake , on and off . It is probably the hardest book to read in the English language -LRB- I wo n't go into Joyce 's use of German , French , Latin , Hebrew , etc. -RRB- But why is it worth it ? What makes Finnegan 's wake different from utter nonsense ? A LOT . Many readers complain that they can only understand two or three points every page . True for me as well . But when I checked , the obscure points of the seemingly meaningless sentences * always * had some deeper meaning.For example , let us start with the title
 I 've just reached the end ... or is it the beginning ? It 's taken me six months , with Anthony Burgess ' ` Here Comes Everybody ' providing a basic and unsatisfactory commentary on this nightmare of a book . I ca n't really recommend anybody to read this unless you know exactly what you 're letting yourself in for ... unlike Ulysses , which I believe everybody should attempt at some point in their lives . So why have I given it 5 stars ? Because it simply had to be written.Without the Wake , twentieth century fiction would have been simply an extension of the nineteenth century . This book is what sets us apart . Do n't believe the people who tell you it 's a joke - a genius like Joyce does n't spend 15 years , resign himself to penury when a `` Ulysses Lite '' could have made him a rich man , and ultimately ruin his eyesight all for nothing more than the literary equivalent of a whoopee cushion . There are deep things here , it 's just that they 're buried so deep that it 's mostly not worth the effort of mining them . But again , I 've given it 5 stars because this book is like a nail bomb in a library -LRB- shhhhh ! -RRB- - it destroyed everyone 's perception of what could ever constitute literature . If the Wake can be created , anything is possible . The Wake gave the green light to everyone 's wildest imaginings and bizarre method of telling it - after all , whatever you write it wo n't be as difficult or as slow or as mad or as painful as this work.Don ' t let anybody tell you that there is an easy way into this book . Whichever way you approach it , however many primers and explanations you read , nothing will prepare you for 650 pages of dense dream-imagery written in polyglottal puns through which you grasp at anything that makes the slightest sense -LRB- and I mean slightest -RRB- . The basic story of a publican dreaming over the repercussions of being caught urinating in a public park by two soldiers and then being accused of indecent exposure is by the by and of little import , because it is so thoroughly buried beneath hundreds of layers of Irish , oedipal and religious history , myth and gossip and the minutiae of everyday life transfigured by dream , that it would be easy to miss -LRB- and if you did , it would n't be a problem anyway - this is hardly narrative-driven -RRB- . There are moments of comedy , but they 're few and far between . The publican becomes the man-myth-mountain Finnegan , who represents Ireland , his forgiving and defending wife becomes Anna Livia Plurabella , the river Liffy and mother nature herself - reading the book is a battle that 's impossible to win and you ultimately simply surrender yourself to the flow , the cycle of life which , like water taken from the sea to clouds to rain to rivers to sea to clouds ... . takes you from the end to flow back to the beginning without even a full stop to halt things . I wondered whether it would make more sense the second time round , then decided that I did n't really care to find out.So , be glad that you do n't have to read this book , but you should all definitely celebrate that it was written .
 I have been reading some of the positive and negative reviews of Finnegans Wake , and decided to post my own thoughts.I think of Finnegans Wake as an experiment . It 's really up to the reader to decide whether it is a successful experiment or not.I kind of like it , but it probably would n't be a book I would take with me if I was going to be marooned on a desert island and could only take a few books with me . On the other hand , maybe I would , because it is a book that the more time you put into it the more it gives back . So if I was going to be on the island for a LONG time , Finnegans Wake would be a good choice.Some folks have been saying there is no plot or characters . Well , yes there is . The main character is a fellow named Humphrey Chimpden Earwicker , HCE for short . He is a bar-owner in Dublin , Ireland . His wife is Anna Livia Plurabelle , ALP . They have two sons , usually called Shaun and Shem -LRB- short for Seamus -RRB- , and a daughter named Issy . Also at the bar work an old woman named Kate and an old man named Sackerson . Other characters are the customers at the bar and schoolgirls who are friends of Issy.The main plot concerns rumours that circulate about an incident involving HCE . These rumours are very vague , but they usually seem to be accusing HCE of some sort of sexual misbehavior in the park.But Joyce has written the novel so that it can be read on many levels . HCE and his family stand for every human family , and for all of humanity . The rivalry between Shaun and Shem stand for all sorts of struggles between man and his `` brother man '' . The two of them together come into conflict with HCE in a basic Oedipal struggle . HCE comes to stand for every person accused -LRB- rightly or wrongly -RRB- of misdoing . The whole thing is structured as a pattern that repeats itself over and over , from generation to generation , in families and whole nations , throughout history . Each generation takes the place of the previous one , and then in turn has its place taken by the next . Joyce symbolizes this by beginning the book with the end of a sentence that begins on the last page , making the whole book a circle with no real beginning or end.In order that the book can exist on so many levels at once , Joyce uses the peculiar Finnegans Wake language . The words of this language are each able to mean two or more things at once . So any given sentence or section will mean one thing on the level of the story of HCE and his family , but will mean all kinds of different things on all the different levels that Finnegans Wake exists on.Looking at just the first sentence : `` riverrun , past Eve and Adam 's , from swerve of shore to bend of bay , brings us by a commodious vicus of recirculation back to Howth Castle and Environs . `` So he is saying that he is now circling back from the end of the book back to the beginning.On one level , he is talking about the river Liffey , a river in Dublin which does almost go in a circle , but starts near Howth Castle and runs past a church called Adam and Eve 's . He is also talking about the historical theories of Giambattista Vico -LRB- hence the word `` vicus '' -RRB- who saw history as going in circular patterns that constantly recurred.And Joyce realizes we could call this a `` vicious circle '' . When he says `` Howth Castle and Environs '' he incorporates the initials of his protagonist HCE , which is where he is going to start . -LRB- note that Joyce capitalizes the H , C , and E. -RRB- He has also cicled back to the beginning of humanity , with Adam and Eve . -LRB- On a certain level , HCE and ALP stand for Adam and Eve . Think of how Adam was thrown out of a garden for committing a sin -RRB- And the one sentence , or selected words from the sentence , can mean even more different things . The opening word sounds like the french for `` Let us dream '' , and Joyce described all of Finnegans Wake as a dream.The point is that this one sentence means all these things , and more , all at the same time . And these are the kind of word-games that Joyce plays with us for 628 pages . It does n't get any easier , it stays like this for the whole book . To play the game well , you need to try to think the way Joyce did . It often helps to read the words out loud , with an Irish accent -LRB- like Joyce had -RRB- . -LRB- Parenthetically , when I personally read a book , or anything else , I can `` hear '' the words in my mind . My understanding is that there are at least some people who when they read do not `` hear '' the words they are seeing . Finnegans Wake really requires the reader to `` hear '' the words , so if you have trouble with this try reading the book out loud . -RRB- I guess the problem is that many people find these sorts of word games very difficult . Also , Joyce does n't tell us the rules of the game . -LRB- There is one chapter where it looks like Joyce is about to tell us the rules , but then he does n't -RRB- Many scholars have written excellent books about Finnegans Wake and their personal understanding of the rules of Joyce 's game , and also the parts they believe they have `` solved '' . But with Finnegans Wake , there always seem to be more levels of meaning that can be explored.So if you enjoy these sorts of word games , you will enjoy Finnegans Wake . If you do n't , then you wo n't . And you may not be able to tell the difference between Finnegans Wake and random gibberish , such as a computer generates . But this is not random gibberish , Joyce is really telling the story of humanity through this one Dublin family . If you know how to play the game , you will be able to find the characters and themes . I would recommend that someone coming to the book for the first time should get a hold of one of the books that gives some idea of how to `` play the game '' . There are a lot of people all over the world who enjoy playing the Finnegans Wake game . But if this is not your thing , that 's okay .
 Have I read the Wake ? Yes . Did I understand the Wake ? No . Was I threatened by my lack of understanding ? No . Did I feel intimidated by its author ? A little . Did I feel insulted owing to that intimidation ? Not at all . Quite the contrary . Does the Wake `` make sense ? '' Of a sort . Does it `` mean ? '' Perhaps , in the sense that a symphony or a cathedral `` means . '' Was I humbled by it ? Certainly . Did I appreciate it ? Absolutely . Would I read it again ? Yes , I would . Is it the greatest novel every written ? Who 's to say ? Is it the worst ? No , decidedly not . What is it then ? Words on a page . Sentences . Their syntax . Their rhythm and cadence , euphony and flow . Is it anything more ? Doubtless . What is that more ? More than I can say .
 James Joyce 's last novel , and incidentally the one his wife considered his best , is , as they say , unreadable , in that if you sit down and go through the book from cover to cover -LRB- as I have done -RRB- you 'll only get the vaguest idea of what was going on . So if that 's your idea of the all-time downer reading experience then spend your money on something else , because this is one of those books that is liable not only to change the way you look at life , but the way you read and think . Joyce called it a night book - the `` action '' , such as there is any -LRB- and the action comprises pretty much all of human history and civilisation -RRB- takes place while the characters -LRB- a Dublin pub owner , his wife and family and sundry other unsavoury types -RRB- are asleep . But you 'd never know that if I had n't told you , because the language is a punster 's dream -LRB- literally -RRB- , a braided and twisted weave of most of the various tongues in the world , based on an idea by the English language , all to be spoken with a fairly strong Irish accent . -LRB- Non-Irish people often do n't notice this , but the rest of us can hear it . -RRB- It 's not a book to while away a plane trip . It 's a book to spend a few dollars on and then spend the rest of your life dipping in and out of it for profit and pleasure . Some of it is pretty straightforward , such as the visit to the Willingdone museyroom or the episode about the chicken scratching around in the rubbish heap -LRB- a lot more gripping than it sounds -RRB- , while other bits are maddeningly opaque . But if they read novels in heaven they probably read this one . The best way to get the most out of it is to have read every book ever written , but failing that , an open mind , an active imagination , and a sensitivity to the buried layers of meaning in words will get you through . Frank Zappa fans ought to love it ; this is conceptual continuity with a vengeance . -LRB- Wow . I never thought the day would come when I 'd get to review a novel by James Joyce . -RRB-
 Imagine you 're in a pub in Dublin , and a regular has started talking to you . The combined amount of beer in both of you makes it difficult to understand much of what he 's saying , but every once in a while there 's a moment of clarity where you get it . You laugh not only at what 's said but at yourself for the situation you 're in . In the meantime you can only stare gape-mouthed at the beauty of the sounds he makes and in hopes that another moment of clarity is near.It is easy to get frustrated with this book if you ca n't get comfortable with its style .
 Finnegan 's Wake is a book apart from others . It does not succeed because of great characterisation , fascinating plot , or for any of the usual criteria with which we generally judge literature . Rather , it succeeds because of the purity of Joyce 's vision ; this is not a cultural purity -- in fact , it is quite the reverse -- it is instead an artistic one . Comparable to the visual techniques of Tanguy and Kandinsky , or to the musical techniques of LaMonte Young , it functions way beyond the dynamics of conventional art . It is , to grant it proper appreciation , impenetrable through normal eyes ; hence , the polarisation of the reviews on this page.Here , finally , is what Joyce was building to over the course of his writing -LRB- following ' A Portrait ... ' and ` Ulysses ' -RRB- . He reached a point of transcendence , where he was no longer constrained by , among other things , conventional grammar , or the use of a single language at a time . Where everyday language is clumsy compared to , say , musical expression , the voice of ` Finnegan 's Wake ' is liquid -- and this is something that no other writer achieved to the same degree.It is infinitely subtle , each word functioning as its own microcosm , but also operating as part of the grand design of the book . Particularly , this characterises the eloquent divergence of the ` final ' pages . The book is concise
 Should you buy James Joyce 's Finnegans Wake ? Three reasons for getting to yes , she said , yes , yes , yes .1
 You will probably consider this novel to be difficult . I agree with anybody who thinks so . It is very difficult . It certainly is hard to grasp , but once you get into it , that is it . James Joyce stretched the language and brought the book to a far higher form of writing that is uncommon around . Uncommon in the sense that you have to get into it to love it . Like Disciples of Fortune , this is a very compelling story with vivid descriptions , a varied and rich setting and peculiar characters . The pacing , characterization and the flow of the story are well observed . Overall , this is a well-crafted story .
 This is one of my favorite books of all time . It takes patience and a great deal of time to work through Joyce 's experimental style , but is well worth the effort . '' -LSB- Joyce wrote Finnegans Wake in Paris over a period of seventeen years , and published it in 1939 , two years before his death , Finnegans Wake was Joyce 's final work . The entire book is written in a largely idiosyncratic language , consisting of a mixture of standard English lexical items and neologistic multilingual puns and portmanteau words , which many critics believe attempts to recreate the experience of sleep and dreams . Owing to the work 's expansive linguistic experiments , stream of consciousness writing style , literary allusions , free dream associations , and its abandonment of the conventions of plot and character construction , Finnegans Wake remains largely unread by the general public . -RSB- `` Finnegans Wake inspired me to create a children 's book on life , loss , and the space between . It can be found on Amazon.com as well as at paperbackswap -LSB- dot -RSB- com.If you enjoyed Finnegans Wake and have children you might take a look at it . It 's been called , `` An extremely creative collection of stories where the reader plays an active role in the outcome . I found this to be sort of a cross between a book of fables and a collection of poetry , with an homage to Finnegans Wake mixed in . Very enjoyable . ''
 If you like larger print , get this version , the Penguin one.If you like accuracy with Joyce 's alterations and corrections , get the Faber and Faber one , black cover with red type : Finnegans Wake
 I like to keep this book around to impress people.You know how Joyce 's Ulysses shows up on those best of all time lists , but you secretly have n't read that book and suspect that no one else has talked about that day 's journey in the Hibernian Metropolis?This one is like that but worse . You ca n't even rightly say what it is about -LRB- many will disagree -RRB- . It is deep to the point of deliberate obtuseness , a work Twenty years in the making that was so mythical that halfway through it Joyce 's peers wrote a book about this book , `` Our Examination Round His Factification for Incamination of Work in Progress '' . It can blow you away and bore you . It can make you want to visit Zurich to stop buy his grave and ask the same question Joyce asks on his death bed , `` Does nobody understand ? '' Most who read this wo n't . And you know what ? That 's just fine .
 As I 'm sure many have discovered , it 's imperative -LRB- if a near prerequisite -RRB- that anyone wishing to appreciate `` Finnegans Wake '' acquire of copy of Joseph Campbell 's Skeleton Key . One could theoretically go it alone , or certainly use the many other companion pieces and interpretations that have appeared over the decades , but not only is Campbell 's by and large the `` original '' Rosetta Stone for this tome , it 's also , at least to me , the most intellectually and spiritually fulfilling.Of course , as the saying goes , ask someone to interpret a passage of the Wake and that will tell you a lot about that person . So I do n't pretend that Campbell 's analysis or my own is correct . Rather , I feel it 's a good rebuttal to the cynically prevalent question of `` Is it worth my time ? '' , for which the asker usually has their own answer of `` No ! '' at the immediate ready.The Wake is Joyce 's attempt to put the Universe in print , to squeeze Life , with all its yins and yangs , between two covers . It is an exhaustive and noble effort ; `` ambitious '' proves too thin a word for the scope of , well , his ambitions . Quite honestly , many elements mesh when viewed through a pantheistic prism . Finnegan 's fall from the ladder at the beginning is essentially the fall of Adam , or , rather , to put it more positively , the transformation of the `` God '' figure from a high state of paradise to the ruggedness of the physical world -LRB- the idea being that , always perfect , God/Cosmos could n't know perfection until it had experienced the other polarity - one ca n't know hot without cold , etc. -RRB- . Soon after , Finnegan is replaced by the character HCE -LRB- one meaning of which is `` Here Comes Everyone '' -RRB- , who creates multiple families -LRB- just as humans have created multiple societies -RRB- , and is swept up in violence and scandal.This barely scrapes the surface of the Wake 's vastness . It is also drawn from over sixty languages , cycles back on itself much as seasons -LRB- and the Universe , as projected by the Big Crunch theory -RRB- , and some have even spotted patterns of DNA structure in its pages.Just as the world is a three-dimensional Rorscharch test , seen differently by every set of eyes , understood differently by every mind , so too is the Wake a glorious experience in subjectivity . Life in print . And for this if nothing else , Joyce as an imaginative artist deserves significant accolades .
 this is a solid version of Finnegan 's Wake because it embodies all of the corrections made by Joyce himself after publishing the original version . Joyce touched up many bits and pieces of this one , contrary to the Penguin Press editions which still contain all of Joyce 's original errors .
 There is no way to capture Finnegans Wake within a few short paragraphs , and so I will refrain from the attempt.Instead , I will simply let you know that this is the one book that any serious scholar of `` English '' literature needs to reckon with.It is not an easy work . It is , however , immensely enjoyable once a few of the games are understood.There are levels within levels of depths to this work ... but the reader can get a surface understanding of the work by simply reading it aloud.Read aloud , the score of the work comes alive . The cadences and colorful language -LRB- and humor -RRB- can be appreciated on this level.Now re-read the work , only this time pay attention to the awkward spelling . There is a level of meaning here too -- which can be added to the surface level to gain a bigger picture.It is not unlike Life in this regard.Each time we re-return -LRB- to the Wake OR to Life -RRB- we gain a deeper understanding -LRB- of both -RRB- . Finnegans Wake is the Akashic Record , the Collective Unconscious , the subaqueous portion of the iceberg ... and it speaks to every one of us.If the beginning is too difficult a place to start ... plunge in anywhere . The book has no discreet beginning or end , and , in fact , reconnects with itself like the proverbial serpent that eats its own tail.Also , do n't hesitate to consult the many great works that aim at aiding the reader through this vehement behemoth . The works by Joseph Campbell , Anthony Burgess and Stuart Gilbert are among the best.After reading but a few chapters of Finnegans Wake you will receive this benefit
 Hearing beats reading but hearing while reading is best . Or should I say reading while hearing ? Those who already have an affinity for Finnegans Wake will enjoy listening to these selections , a new way to go deeper into the work . The readers make the words sing and the included companion text makes it easy to hum along .
 Finnegans Wake places the act of reading in crisis . One can not so much `` read '' this novel as study it , or at best re-read it . The most pleasing surprise of FW is that spread out among passages that are difficult and abstruse there are other passages that are surprisingly beautiful in their lyrical quality . When one comes across such passages , we realize that FW is a typological work , a landscape that quickly changes -LRB- really a seascape , since the transformations are more like bodies of water flowing into other bodies of water -RRB- . For the casual reader , not interested in parsing every pun and allusion , this is the best way to approach this novel . Read it and allow yourself to flow with the stream of language . Understand that nothing exists but language here , that the language has no REAL representation , and amazing things being to happen . The very act of reading is transformed .
 The Wake is reviewed by so many people who have n't read it!How can anyone familiar with Joseph Campbell 's Wings of Art or Skeleton Key , or even John Bishop 's Joyce 's Book of the Dark , suggest that the Wake is not great art?The greatest novelist of the twentieth century did not spend seventeen of his most creative years on a prank . Joyce had a flair for foreign languages , regarded Catholicism as `` a beautiful lie '' , had at his disposal the collective wisdom of East and West , was * extremely * well read , gifted in music , delighted in wordplay , extensively researched the psychology of sleep , and was notoriously autobiographical in his literary productions.Joyce describes a night 's dream in both biographical -LRB- Freudian -RRB- and archetypal -LRB- Jungian -RRB- terms
 an ineluctable trasmission of the incommodious
 I tought dis was claaaaaaaaaaaaassssssssssssssssssssssssss !! Joyce , he be rockin ' ! Wot he done wit ' words was just deadly !!
 Innocently , I checked FW out from the library in the hope that I might quickly glean a little more insight into Manannan Mac Lir.There 's a very enjoyable dissertation in the University of Washington libraries that traces Mac Lir 's literary metamorphoses from the earliest Irish epics through Finnegan 's Wake . -LRB- Sigh -RRB- I 'm afraid I just do n't have the kind of time to spare these days that it would take to really enjoy FW . It looks like a great deal of fun , but it would have to replace one of the absorbing obsessions I already have -LRB- like playing better chess and writing more efficient S code -RRB- , and I 'm just not willing to do that.Yet .
 Finnegan . Begin again . Fin ... Oh , you get the point . James Joyces ' 1939 masterwork ; `` Finnegans Wake '' seems to have been revived as neatly as poor old Tim himself . Seminal essays posted on the net by Donald Theall and others , have made the case for a new reading of this daunting novel as the primordial hyper-text . This is perfectly correct . Joyces ' synaptic links and dream-scape modalities overlay seamlessly with the topographies one encounters on the web . The one difference being that , without the edifice , you , had to intuit or decipher all the puns , codes , gags , puzzles , neumonics , ironies and literary allusions yourself , -LRB- usually very late at night -RRB- . Now you point & click . So hey , buy it and read it -LRB- aloud -RRB- , or just fry-your-eyes . Etherway , thouarrght Chapeauleon ittisyore Roswelingtome . Was n't it the truth I told ya
 As is or all is `` betwixt a wink and a wake & quot
 I could not understand 95 % of the book . Understanding came as a sort of blissful peak above the fog , the crest of the high of the ride.But it was still fun , & probably the most original novel I have ever read.I noticed if I took a hallucinogenic , it all seemed to make perfect sense to me - however , if I was stone cold sober , it all sounded like random word generated garble.A dublinsleuthdropsThe search forThe clue toGo pubbinthe citybuilt under dublin
 get some help and give it a chance . skeleton 's key is good and if you can get the tapes then you 're half way there .
 Perhaps , as the conspiracy theories say , Finnegans Wake is the gospel for some yet uncreated religion , and it will remain sitting on bookshelves until some inhuman reader will take up Joyce 's challenge to follow him , at which point the shade of Joyce will be chuckling , along with those of William Gaddis , Cao Xueqin , and other writers yet unborn , at the spectacle of a new prophet roaring in thunderous rhetoric of the glories of `` the flushpots of Euston and the hanging garments of Marylbone . ''
 One of the defining moments in my life has to be the time that I read a few pages of Finnegan 's Wake while tripping on psychedelic mushrooms . I have yet to read a series of words like the ones I read that night . My soul wa literally tranfigured by the sheer brilliance of Joyce . While I would n't recommend drugs anymore , I would say that one has to have a certain amount of expanded consciousness to fully appreciate and be moved by this fractally complex work . `` Two thumbs up ! ''
 The greatest literary work of the 20th century . Period
 Okay , so maybe I 'm an idiot , but I tried reading this thing about ten years ago . I 'm an educated guy -- two masters degrees and work toward a Ph.D. -- but I got nothing out of FW . Now , I 'm not suggesting there 's nothing there to get , but whatever it is I just ca n't say.I have no idea how many stars this book deserves , so I 'll leave it at five . When it comes to FW , everything seems meaningless ... I read the first 50 pages , determined to wade through it all . I finally realized , since I did n't have the faintest notion of what I had read to that point , I could quit and have the same experience as if I had finished it , but with less time spent and far less frustration.Now , do n't get me wrong -- I usually enjoy difficult fiction . I 've read The Sound and the Fury a half dozen times , for God 's sake and I love it.Okay , just wanted to put my two cents in . I 've just checked Terence McKenna 's Surfing on Finnegan 's Wake -LRB- the audio version -RRB- out from my library and will give it a listen . Perhaps I 'll give Joyce a try again some day .
 I 'm 13 years old , however , I started The Wake when I was 12 , and I must say , it is possibly the best book I 've ever read . I think that Joyce 's use of language , puns , allusions , and references other pieces of work , completely unlike the Wake , was amazing and better than Lolita , Pale Fire , and Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man . His main theme is renewal and the fact that history is cyclilic . This is represented by an abundant number of things , such as the fact that he has exactly 1001 characters , and that he has the first and last sentences combine . GET THIS BOOK NOW !
 It was funny , but not `` ha ha '' funny
 Actuation of ` Wake '
 Unbelievably complex book ; possibly the last book you ever have to read & understand . Take 3 years to work on this masterpiece . A good grasp of Celtic and British history essential to its full appreciation . The story of creation , the theory of cultural evolution of civilization , the history & mythology of the Celtic people ... what more could you possibly want ?
 I 'm 20 years old , and in eighth grade , and , after picking up the Wake , i 'm a totally different person . REading the book is similar to some -LRB- i 'm guessing here -RRB- mind-altereing , drug-induced experience which forever alters your mind , and its inner workings . The Wake is the best book ever . It completely eschews all the typical `` norms '' for a novel
 I love this book so much , and think I understand all of it . It means more to me than anything I have ever read . I 'm just blown away by it , because it is beautiful.I 've never actually read the book , but hey , why does it matter ? Those who 've read it , have n't read it either . This book can not be read , because it is not a book or even literature , it 's antiliterature . So the only way to read it , is to anti-read it , meaning to NOT read it at all . That 's why I love it . It 's the only book made to be unread . Those who try to read it are wasting their time , like treating pregnant women as broken lightbulbs.I recommend you definitely buy this book , it 's critically worth having . Just do n't open the covers or look inside . Make sure you tell others how great Finnegans Wake is , and urge them to buy it too . But not read it .
 Do n't write a review until you read this and waited.Finnegans Wake takes time to penetrate the mind.At first , it makes no sense . But keep trying , and try , and try ... and then you will get its awesomeness .
 ... fall if you but will , rise you must
 People who miss the point of FW are missing the point of Irish wakes , indeed of Irish culture ; Irish wakes are a celebration of the continuity of life.This is probably the most erudite , and literate book I have ever read . Certainly it is one of the most symphonic - for this really is a book that should be experienced aloud . If Shakespeare 's plays need to be seen and heard on stage to appreciate them , then certainly FW needs to be experienced aloud . The overall plot is a celebration of the cycle of life.Did I understand all of the quips , multi lingual puns , and word plays ? No , but I could make sense and appreciate most of them . This is truly a superb piece of art written by a master of several languages.Was I intimidated before reading the book ? Frankly I am more intimidated now after reading FW . This is one that should not be missed .
 Does n't anybody get it ? It 's impossible to rate this book . It is n't even a novel in any conventional sense . I 'm not one of those rhapsodizing academics who claim that all the stars in the Milky Way are n't enough for FW . You ca n't assign any number of stars at all , finite or infinite . Review -- how can I -- I 've only read the book fifteen times . This book is a net to trap linear thinkers -- Joyce probably listed about thirty thousand words -LRB- shoelaces , chalices , trees , wine , windmills , etc. etc. -RRB- and eight hundred names -LRB- Stanislaus , Mary , Nora , Adam , Eve , Anna etc. etc. -RRB- , and came up with all the conceivable associations between them .
 This book was in and out of focus for me . I lacked the knowledge of Irish history and foreign languages for many of the references . But the moments that were in focus -LRB- the end of the book is the most sublime lyric I have ever seen -RRB- are overwhelmingly rich . If you are into writing , this book has an infinity to teach . Do n't read this if you want a novel . This book is a monomyth . Spherical representation of reality . Yeah it 's that sublime . Skip the muddy parts . Joyce was writing for Ireland first .
 Finnegans Wake is a wonderful , brilliant and complex magnum opus of the past , present , and future of humanity . It encompasses everything that a book possibly can , and is of such density that years can be spent getting down to the various layers and depths of meaning in the book . Of course , the style of writing and language can be -LRB- more than -RRB- a little challenging at first , but after one reads and re-reads -- first merely with the uninterfering awareness and perception of one listening to a symphony of music , and then , each subsequent time , with increasing comprehension -- the nuances and subtleties of the writing become more accessible . It is a conscious , personal and adventurous discovery , and it is one that will leave you perplexed and pleased to no end . Give it a shot . And then a dozen more . Give it as many shots as it takes to make Finnegans Wake your favourite book .
 Finnegans Wake -LRB- spelled without an apostrophe , and spelled many different ways in the actual text -RRB- is one of the most difficult , enigmatic , and comedic novels ever written . An extremist might argue that the novel is gibberish -- however the language certainly is real and flowing , albeit heavily peppered with portmanteau and deliberately misspelled words . Even characters ' names are spelled inconsistently , such that one may not realize how early the three youngsters , Shem , Shaun , and Isobel , are introduced into the novel until rereading . As the novel intentionally ends on the word , `` the , '' one can start to reread the book and discover more of its secrets just with an appreciation of the feel for what Joyce is doing.And just what is Joyce doing ? At its most basic level , the book is an attempt to capture an entire night of dreaming with the same feel that a dream actually has , and it succeeds . The book reminds me of a more sophisticated version of what I was doing in seventh grade in response to novels that I found pretentious and enigmatic largely due to my more limited vocabulary and life experience and try to write literature that had that same feel , sounded interesting , but did not necessarily have any real meaning . Here , however , there is more to that in Joyce , who certainly inflects his work full of social commentary and satire , and thus , meaning . The book is predominantly composed of wordplay , and its narrative , if it can be said to have any is structural and slight.My understanding of the book is based on my own perceptions of the actual text combined with the introduction by John Bishop and the outline of chapter contents . The central character is a man named H.C. Earwicker , in the sense that he is the dreamer , but he is not telling us the story , at least not most of the time -- he is experiencing it . He has a wife named Anna Livia Plurabelle , and they have the three aforementioned children , young adults now , who are major players in the dreams that follow . It begins with a town and a museum , and we are introduced to many colorful characters who never appear again , but not in the conventional way of a narrator , but rather experientially . Various crimes are committed and suspects nabbed.The book becomes lucid in a Carollian sense more than eighty pages in with the trial and exoneration of the obviously guilty Festy King , followed y his sea passage . There is something about a letter from Anna to H.C.E. , but that shifts into a manifesto on writing nominally about The Book of Kells , but more trying to philosophize how one goes about the act of writing . . H.C.E. has two sons , Shem and Shaun . Shem is guilty of forgery and all sorts of non-violent crimes . Shaun is the good son and adored by his sister , Isobel . H.C.E. eventually reasserts himself into the story , but while in a drinking bout with his friends , he passes out and we enter into a synapse-firing remembrance of the story of Tristan and Isolde . If you do n't know the story , you wo n't learn it here , since it 's mostly follows arguments of a bunch of men in a boat , with references to King Mark and the ill-fated romance , ending in a poem.Shaun and Shem get into a major argument over Shem 's ethics , and after example and counterexample , Shem sends Shaun down a river . Eventually he crashes onto a shore and receives a new identity . Nevertheless , he is still able to speak at Isobel 's confirmation in the church . She sends Shaun a letter telling of her deep love for him , perhaps not entirely appropriately for siblings , and joins a convent at the age of twenty.Shaun , now called Yawn is pushed into a seance and answers questions as numerous people . Eventually , H.C.E. asserts himself , and he proves to be brash and arrogant , claiming himself as the conqueror of many lands and going into detail about supposedly heroic acts and the building of a new city , as well as his marriage to ALP , which seems to be alternately a courtship and a rape.Nevertheless , after an examination of the greatness of a youth named Kevin , Anna Livia Plurabelle tries to wake H.C.E. . This section of the book feels very romanticized . Although it is as opaque as the rest of the novel , it is reminiscent of the common romantic tropes of older couples reminiscing on their courtship and how young they were when they became husband and wife . This , then trails off into the intro , through its ending on the word `` the , '' and not because Joyce died or stopped writing -- he lived three more years after the book was published to his exact specifications , seemingly misspelled words and all.No book has ever captured what it is really like to dream the way Finnegans Wake does -- as interesting as , for example , Neil Gaiman 's The Sandman is , it still takes more or less a conventional and relatively rational approach to the most irrational of thoughts and makes too much sense to be the capturing of a dream on paper . Can the book be faulted for its use of clich&eacute;s ? It certainly has a lot of them , even if the hybridized words present these tired sayings with multiple meanings of new and old . More unfortunately is its frequent use of the N word in ways that do not appear to be parodistic . He even creates an obvious portmanteau with the word `` niggardly '' that does n't seem to be anything but pure racism , which is kind of disappointing since so many ideas in the book seem so ahead of their time . Moments like this are embarrassing to read . It is often in the danger zone between being puerile and writing about puerility in many of its anatomical references , most of which actually do not appear in the `` four positions of lovemaking between HCE and ALP '' section.Overall , the work is best appreciated as a work of art with a comic vision , rather than as a story , or as a series of jokes . Anthony Burgess 's comment on the back cover that the work has things to make one laugh aloud on every page is probably true . I laughed aloud at many a page in this book , and I am sure there are many , many jokes in the book that I did not get other than appreciating the entire tapestry . It left me wondering if it is even possible to do anything truly experimental with the written word , or if Joyce completed every possible verbal experiment imaginable with the book . He probably did not , but as much as I would like to write in this vein , it seems that he covered so many as to have made a creative cul-de-sac , in that one is simply doing a take-off on Joyce . Many have said that this is exactly what Samuel Beckett did , although I do not agree . While Joyce influenced Beckett , Beckett 's work is pretty standard-lexicon and even a book as difficult as The Unnamable is more of a character study than Finnegans Wake , and thus move in a new direction that is not a dead end , in a spare style of observation rather than the fill-in-the-blanks of the conventional novels that general retell the same stories we already know and feel like clich&eacute;s even if there are not any clich&eacute; phrases as such . This is not your plot-driven page-turner . You will not be compelled to return to it out of interest in where the plot is headed -LRB- though you may at some points in the second half , which is a little more accessible than the first , if only because reading the first half makes the second half seem clearer -RRB- , but to appreciate the artistry , the wordplay , what clever bit is he going to give you next , and what thoughts will it provoke in me . Any book that works in those latter terms is a triumph for the author . It may be a triumph for the reader to get through , but the reward is not in having finished something so difficult . I found myself wanting to read it again immediately upon coming to the final `` the , '' and as the clarity of the first several pages improved a great deal , I really had to decide that now is not the time to begin the book again , simply because it is such an insider work that one has to have been exposed to as much literature prior to 1939 as one possibly can to gain more fruit . Not far from the beginning , and not far from the end , are dialogues between characters modeled on Mutt and Jeff -- the characters have different names from the end as to the beginning , but with all of Shaun 's name changes , one can only assume Joyce wanted us to read these as the same characters -- old comic strip characters most people today would be unfamiliar with , and whose names mean something to me only because I have heard of them in reference to the history of comics . Joyce draws from so many disciplines -- some portions are enhanced by familiarity with the work of Mozart , for example -- that it is clearly a book to return to years later , or else take a shortcut via the many books written about it . The book took me about two months to read at roughly an hour or two per day . I would definitely want to acquire my own copy and go back to it and see how my perceptions have changed now that I have a feel for the work 's overall structure , although it would probably years before I reexamine the novel , if it can be called that rather than simply verbal art , musical and poetic , as a whole .
 Possibly the most difficult book in the English language -LRB- if that is what it is in -RRB- but worth all the trouble in deciphering , which is immensely helped by the Introduction . I recommend also all the other guides to The Wake because , believe me , you will need all the help you can get in getting through this book . Then , read it again ; then , read it again . Soon the mesmerizing language of this dreamscape will reveal its many beauties . Well worth any effort .
 ... . is definitely an understatement . I thought Nabokov was an intensely self-referential and thoroughly allusive writer . This knocks him out of the park -LRB- in those departments , at least -RRB- . Although I 'm sure that John Bishop 's statement -LRB- in the edition that has the introduction written by him -RRB- that , for Arabic and Hungarian readers , there are Hungarian and Arabic puns on every page , is an hyperbole . Most likely Joyce learned about ten to twenty words in most of these languages -LRB- most scholars guess 60 to 70 are used at least once -RRB- , wrote them out phonetically -LRB- if they were in a different alphabet -RRB- and began puzzling for various contexts to place them in to be the wittiest or most clever -LRB- or , some will say , the most profound -RRB- . I also think that while Joyce said he wrote Ulysses to puzzle scholars , he wrote Finnegan 's Wake to fool them . As other reviewers have said he was hardly concerned with the exact replication of words when dictated or transcribed from notes to another draft . His concern -LRB- presumably ; he may have had none at all -RRB- was more on the overall arc of the story -LRB- the descent into darkness and the subsequent climbing out of it ; that is , if there even is a story -RRB- Not that Finnegan 's Wake is a genius 's -LRB- or madman 's ; or charlatan 's ... -RRB- trifle ; he spent 17 years of his life on it , so of course it had atristic and literary value to him . But examining it bit by bit will likely not get you as far to Joyce 's intended themes as interpreting larger pieces and whole structural parallels.Of course , there are camps that say the point of Finnegan 's Wake was that anything can be interpreted in any way . And I 'm inclined to agree with them . But under that , I feel , is a more intentional story of family , history , and ... well , other reviews have lists of them . So maybe Joyce 's `` Take it as you like it '' device is a superficial example of what he really did intend for you to walk away with.Anyhow , the first time I read Finnegan 's Wake I thought it was actually going to be about a wake ... I had read it was about `` one night '' , and that it was a comedy about a corpse that could n't stay dead -LRB- < -- this actually is n't an interpretation many people walk away with -RRB- , and so I pictured a Rules of the Game-esque chateau where a patriarch 's family had gathered to fight over the will or estate or something . Also , my 7th grade teacher , who first told me about it , had said that she really enjoyed it , and she was -LRB- to me -RRB- a conservative old lady who devoured all of those `` musty '' classics like Gone With the Wind and Emma . So I was expecting some ... plot . Especially after reading Dubliners , which barely had any run on sentences.Finnegan 's Wake is just as easy to dismiss as to enjoy , and I 've known people that to some degree do both . But you should really scan through it -LRB- or read said introduction by John Bishop , which gives you a very clear idea of how everything goes down -RRB- instead of going by what critics , fans , or teachers say , because the traditional reader -LRB- or even the most literate one -RRB- may loath it .
 One of the most supremely delicate and beautiful works of art to have been created . Ideas flit through the pages , run parallel , interconnect and cross-fertilise , giving birth to a language that resonates with numinal power . Perhaps the only book that to be understood -LRB- if such a thing is possible -RRB- must be contained within the mind , and not within clumsy ink . This is a book that refuses to prostitute itself , that forces the reader to interact and seduce it . Only then will anything be gained from it . If you want something that carries its justification and spirit within each word and individual letter then read this . And rejoyce . But a word of advice to all those who follow in its Wake . If you truly love it then it will inspire you to create for yourself . And if this is the case , then by all means echo Joyce but do not ever try to be him . For in taking up the pen you must acknowledge that , however beautiful the old artificer 's book is , it is not THE book .
 Gentle readers , beware ! Finnegan 's Wake is the most difficult book I have ever tried to read . Joyce 's play with language , plot , and myth make for one of the most difficult readings in the history of literature.On the other hand , I can say -LRB- honestly -RRB- that the last ten pages of this book are my favorite in all the world of books . After the twentieth reading , or so , they began to make enough sense to my feeble brain for me to fall in love with this truly spectucular work of language .
 Was FINNEGAN 'S WAKE written as an experimental novel , or as a literary prose mutation ? Not knowing the literary terra incognita ahead , I approached my commitment to the understanding of this book as a trek through a vast poetic jungle , with much hacking through the vines of allusion & wordplay.This is Joyce 's `` night book '' , a prodigious grabbag of allegory , history , literary allusion , and amalgamated word-alchemy . The words are fused & outright disfigured in order to assemble this pastiche , this mulligan stew , of seemingly unrelated ideas ; the loops & pivots of the prose weave through many many puns , allusions and strange coinages.Without bothering to find and focus upon a plot , I felt at times I was bodysurfing though some very choppy poetic surf . Of course , there is a vague cyclical storyline in this convoluted book
 What helped me understand this monument of literature a bit better was the anecdote I read in Nora Joyce 's biography `` Nora '' , where she complained that she could n't sleep at nights when Joyce was writing FW in his working room , laughing at his own scribings.Finnegans Wake is one of the most hilarious/beautiful books I 've read . In fact I could replace the `` hilarious/beautiful '' with just about any other adjective , and it would explain as much .
 The strange format of this book is often intimidating to people -LRB- myself included -RRB- , but once you learn how to get past that and decipher this work , it is extremely enjoyable . I have re-read it again and again , and every time I find something new to enjoy . My advice is to read aloud parts that do n't make sense to you .
 Virtually any prep you are given for Finnegans Wake amounts to this
 OH MY GOD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not as good as sex ... depending . Drugs ... yes , unless you 're tired , in which case Joyce , Sex and Drugs wont help , so play some music instead . Oh , it 's music , more than it is literature , only you have to play it instead of just listen to it . More like a score of notes and symbols . Some people ca n't read music , ca n't hear the result . Hell , I ca n't ready music either , but this book is the only thing I have * ever * found that matches my natural astonishment at the intense immediacy of being alive in all it 's frighteningly beautiful detail . If and only if you have the right type of cosmic laughter and `` tape recorder '' like open eyes inside of you , it will play your mind wild and hard , and you * will * smile , because it * is * you.It can ruin you , though , to `` he said , she said '' type of literature . Like any pleasure drug , there is an associated let down when you turn to other pursuits , such as boring things like skydiving.I 've been searching ever since . *** Favorite Quotes : Ugly and futile
 Remember when you were really young and ` grew out ' of having pictures in your books?Well Joyce has ` grown out ' of the English language , the great genius of literature evolved past all boundries and greater a work that traps you.Inescapably profound Inescapably brillant
 We do not read this book , it reads us -- what negative criticisms we make of it we really have made of ourselves . The idiot that neeeds to make judgments or find messages is the dupe of the five paragraph english essay with the topic sentence and the pat instrumental lack of imagination mentality that is the cause of all paralysis , pain and evil . Detractors of this work are the true detractors from life . Nobody is as pretentious as the pseudo-Holden would-be fault-finding class so actively making facism fashionable again . So long as there is any spark of consciousness alive to the soul of the inspired and the beautiful they will find the true depth and the love that is continuously overflowing from every precise and pain-staking sentence left in print by Joyce . There is nothing worse than debunking people on the grounds that they have a `` superiority complex '' for the complaint lodged returns on itself and is the ultimate height of meaningless ressentiment and banal venality concievable to our generally tawrdy affair of humanity . You escapists in love of logical plots and opposed to post-modernism who enforce your standards as the only ones have no need repeating your radio-show cliche rid angst here -- since every Reader 's Digest , daily paper , TV guide or social commentator is just as likely to have made your point for reasons quite likely some million times more forgivable . Joyce was the world 's colossal novelist of some of the greatest verbal , parodistic , historic , metamorphic metaphorical powers with more learning and intellectual ability than any Einstein , Eisenhower , Edison or other . To cite a minor case
 Here Comes Everything . Not Everybody . In terms of quantum reality theory and cyborg anthropology , The Wake is structured around a recursive temporal spiral , overlaying an archetypally-driven consciousness matrix.While one could break the book down into a basic linear story , which weaves and meanders through the seven-stage structure , like a river , the reductionism or deconstruction approach is itself vulnerable.While there are many serious threads , FW is also a minefield of literary and linguistic-phonentic puns . I once read a review in which the writer dismissed the word `` upfellbown '' as one of Joyce 's many nonsense words . Nope . Upfellbown is a phonetic portrayal of the German word apfelbaum , or apple tree , which Joyce had mentioned slightly earlier in the text . Where people often go off the deep end is in attributing undue significance to these individual words.If The Wake is about anything , it is about phenomenology or holism versus reductionism . The significance of the whole versus the sum of the parts . You do n't understand The Wake , you experience it . On a vastly simpler level , the superb Bruce Willis movie 12 Monkeys brilliantly captures the beauty of the recursive temporal symmetry that underlies Joyce 's re-entrant epic.For those who have never read FW , it is basically about an Irish bricklayer called Tim Finnegan -LRB- Finnegans Wake being a traditional song , of sorts -RRB- who falls , probably drunkenly , from a ladder . The ` story ' that follows is either his Death Dream or Near Death Experience , in which the entireity of Earth 's history cycles through his mind . -LRB- There has even been debate about the identity of the Dreamer . -RRB- Symbolically , Finnegan 's fall from the ladder could be representative of the Fall of Lucifer or the Fall of man.The Wake means whatever it means to the individual reader at that point in his or her lifetime . For me , the many references to the Triple Goddess and Masonic ritual leaped out of the text . Yet had I not read so much about these things , the references would mean nothing . Yet , I have probably missed thousands of things that others will see.Quick example ... The three main female characters , Kate , Issy -LRB- Isis -RRB- and ALP form the principle references to the presence of the Great Mother/The Triple Goddess . Both Ulysses and Finnegans Wake are about return . The return to the cosmic womb of the Great Mother . The beginning and the end of Time.Issy is Isis , who is in herself the Mother Goddess . Issy 's room is blue with a ceiling of stars - `` the twinkly way '' . A classic feature of the ceilings of Masonic lodges . Sirius , the Star of Isis is the Blazing Star of freemasonry , whose square and compass logo can be extended out to form a pentagram , depicting the four elements , plus the fifth element - the Creatrix . The third degree ceremony of freemasonry is a symbolic death and rebirth , symbolized by the skull and crossbones - the sign of Osiris risen . The Wake , which itself is about rebirth and resurrection - Finnegan = Finn Again , has many esoteric references , and even obvious ones , such as PHOENIX Park , and the fact that the book is set on March 21st , the Spring or Vernal Equinox - the beginning of the pagan New Year.Aw hell , I 'm rambling . That 's the trouble with The Wake . It sucks you in . Give it a shot , but do n't try to understand it from the outset . Try to just read it all the way through first and then maybe do some dissection . Whereas Ulysses is 24 hours out of Bloom 's life , allegorically interwoven with the Ulysses myth -LRB- instead of returning to Ithaca , he returns to Number Seven Eccles Street -RRB- , FW is just too massive to see a linear series of exact correspondences . There 's also a great deal of literary chaff . The man had a sense of humour , after all.The bottom line for me , is that The Wake is about the transforming power of the Feminine - like Mary Poppins , like Chocolat , like A Midsummer Night 's Dream , like Alice In Wonderland and Through The Looking Glass , like Cities Of The Red Night ... Here Comes Everything ...
 O.k. this book is unreadable . It is not enjoying and it definitely shows you your limits in all categories . But what power must lie within a text whose first 5 or 6 lines could be the subject of 100 dissertations or 1000s of interpretations that make sense too . Just hand the first paragraph to a student class and let them brainstorm what could be meant by `` riverrun , ... commodius vicus or recirculation , ... etc. '' and you will see and feel it .
 Marshmallow-muffin pies and moonbeam soups curtail and confound -- meaning , no more spherically related adages -- but avail themselves not of paradoxical efficiencies any more , certainly no less , than subcutaneous matter does to the seven veils of Baghdad , which is to say , if indeed such badinage needs voice at all , that exploding beyond the rail-thin walls of logical impairment will neatly bring one closer to the inherent truths of so flatulently brilliant a work as this ...
 Anyone who posts about this book just wants people to see it so everyone else thinks , `` whoah , he read that book , he must be smart , I want to marry him -LRB- maybe her -RRB- . '' God knows that 's why I am posting this.To be honest , this book makes no sense . I am convinced that James Joyce was a pre-computer robot , and this book is just a list of commands that when spoken to him , caused him to do marvelous things , ranging from deflecting eart-bound comets , to baking pie.Still an interesting read.Even though it 's a `` literary classic '' , -LRB- MY GOD ! A LITERARY CLASSIC ! THIS BOOK MUST BE SACRED ! I HAD BETTER BE SEEN READING THIS RIGHT AWAY ! -RRB- it 's no where near as good as many modern contemporary stories.This book ages surprisingly well , except the pages yellow slightly . That was a joke , stupid .
 you will , not likely , ever `` read '' the wake in any average sense of the word . joyce has created something amazing , a book that , rather literally , has something for everyone , yet encompasses all too much to be read by any one person -LRB- likely even himself , he spoke only a handful of the languages -LRB- estimated at upwards of fifty -RRB- he made use of in his prose -RRB- . making sense of even just a paragraph may contain a slive of russian history , a nod to the great italian violin makers , and -LRB- almost without fail -RRB- contain some lesson about the catholic church burried in it somewhere . if you enjoy puzzles that require remarkable reliance on outside sources for help , this is an excellent place to spend your time . truth be told , whatever it may be literarily , what it is socially is even greater , for an attempt at a reading verily requires a group of variagated back-grounds to even begin to scratch the surface , an end-result of which is that it brings together people -LRB- particularly academics -RRB- of various backgrounds to work on a single problem . i would imagine few other ob - and/or sub - jects require such interdisciplinary co&ouml;peration . so , the next time you find yourself sitting around a table with a physicist , a musician , a historian , a linguist , and a carpenter , pull the book out and see if you ca n't make some sense of it . it 's all there , it just takes a bit of work .
 The best and truest use of Finnegans Wake is to practice the divination called `` bibliomancy '' . In bibliomancy , you open a book to a randomly determined passage and peruse the selected text for insight into a question or problem so vexing that you 've turned to divination for answers . Traditional books for this purpose are the Bible and Homer.The Bible and Homer are not ideal for this purpose the way Finnegans Wake is , though . With them , you 're likely to light on something like a genealogy , a ship catalogue , or instructions for the curtains on the Tabernacle . But every page of Finnegans Wake is properly oracular , laden with obscure hints that might actually shed prophetic insight on the topic at hand . No other book is its equal for this purpose.And , of course , Finnegans Wake also has the advantage of being inerrant in all matters of fact clearly stated therein .
 John Lennon put out a book while the Beatles were still together , titled IN HIS OWN WRITE . That title is a Joycean pun -LRB- it 's even `` bad '' and ungrammatical in the way of Joyce 's puns -RRB- and the entire book and its sequel is written in the manner of FINNEGANS WAKE , slightly simplified -LRB- fewer foreign words -RRB- . John Ashbery also writes in a simplified form of FINNEGANS WAKE 's style , and some people think he is the greatest living American poet.Thornton Wilder based his 1942 Broadway play THE SKIN OF OUR TEETH on WAKE , and was `` found out '' by Joseph Campbell and by Edmund Wilson.There are several other writers who have been influenced by WAKE in this way , including several hit rock lyrics . Lennon 's book was not only popular among Beatles fans , it demonstrated to lots of them how Lennon was a very special and intelligent writer -- yet he could n't have written it without the example of Joyce behind him.All this is no particular reason to think WAKE is good or great . But it did create a new way of writing , and that new way has led to success for other writers beside Joyce . That in itself suggests that WAKE is an important book . It can also be thought of as a `` failure '' or a `` mistake . '' Even so , with that kind of influence , it would still be important.Of course it did n't spring up out of nowhere
 Finnegans wake is a written out dream . It took 17 years to write , it was a labor of love . Upon release it polarized critics , with its sampling of 60-70 different languages , its use of multi-lingual puns , portmanteaus , it reads more like a word puzzle than a book . It has no discernible plot upon first inspection . The first sentence is the middle of the last sentence making it an endless cycle , and upon first read it looks like a load gibberish . And you friend reader may wonder why one would read such a work ? Simply put
 Usually readers wants benefit from a book , especially from a novel . They want to learn some historical , ethical or philosophical.Or they just want to enjoy it ; but this is also a benefit . The relation between a novel and a reader is an ` interested ' relation . Whereas , Finnegans Wake is pure , abstract literature where you can ` get ' nothing . You can not buy or sell anything , when you read it . You get connected to pure literature that hurts you a bit . But it is a challange
 That 's really the the whole point , a multi-dimensional romp through the universe of our understanding and experience . More than anything I know in all art , the Wake makes me happy , and glad to be alive . But you must be able to read it in Irish tone and rhythm before it works . It takes a while , but when you start laughing you may know you 're on the right track .
 The one thing that has struck me upon reading the negative reviews of Finnegans Wake on this page is the seemingly immature reactions of those who failed to enjoy it . One reviewer says his ` farts make more sense ' , while another says he urinated over a picture of Joyce because he could n't understand the book . Pathetic . Sounds very like a 12 year olds reaction to me . I know , I know , it 's a big step up from your Harry Potter books , but get over it , you either like it or you do n't . I find it hilarious to hear people rave on and on about how Joyce commits disgusting crimes against the English language and so on . It 's so plainly obvious that the people who write these things are people who are frustrated and afraid because they ca n't understand a book that is so acclaimed and highly-regarded and so to cover up the fact that they simply could n't decipher it -LRB- which is nothing to be ashamed of -RRB- they attack Joyce and accuse him of destroying the English language . Give me a break - he revolutionised it.Now , Finnegans Wake is not exactly a book with an exact point or meaning to discover . It is there for you to use , so to speak . It is a wide open universe of sound , image , thought ... . almost everything . You can just open a page and draw something magical from it . It is like an encyclopedia of literature . It is also probably one of the most self-indulgent books of all time , seeing as only Joyce was able understand its ` true ' meaning , if there is one at all . It would be completely impossible to read this like a novel , page to page , chapter to chapter . This is a book with no beginning and no end , literally . The first line continues from the last line . This symbolises the theory that history goes around in circles . There really is not much to be said , other than you can find every other book written inside Finnegans Wake . It is a linguistic zenith . It is the sum of all modernist work . It is a masterpiece . And , there is no pretense or snobbery with this review . I am an Irish teenager and I happened to enjoy Dubliners so I read his other books in order of their release , and I found each one a work of genius . This is not simply an intellectual book , for intellectual garble is only a fraction of the books power . I feel you could give this book to a ten year old and they could fall in love with it , that is , if it had a nice colourful cover with smily faces and flowers on it . Anyways , that 's my review . You can either surrender to immature jealousy and fear just like D.H. Lawrence and Virginia Woolf did when Ulysses was published , or you can open your mind and really use your imagination to get something from this classic .
 It 's one thing to read from , another to ear to , for the curiously cautiouslyhere 's a reading worth raiding fromforget about meaning and remember the soundingJames Joyce read by Jim Norton -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The type of book that stands alone . It is a true masterpiece and a sentinel for the English language . I was not able to follow the story very well but the the combination of words that are strung together are magnificint . It is something that I think should be read aloud as ther reader will be able to put the sounds together in a more coherent structure . It is enigmatic and incomprehensable . A mystery that will take scholars centuries to try and decifer but guess what ? The never will . Not for your average reader but for the lover of words and language .
 What a zen master would state in a 3-line Haiku poem , Joyce says in a 700-page book , with ever dancing , ever-changing words in an amazing , multi-levelled labyrinth , more suitable and charming to Western intellect than Oriental thought . Definitely NOT the first Joyce book to read . Life is a wake , live it or krikkit !
 A long long time ago , before my Grandma passed away , I watched her sitting at the window , wandering outside . I said to myself '' Boy I 'm so lucky . I have read Finnegans Wake and my grandma doesnt.Lucky me.I 'm smarter than her . I have done something beyond her thought '' Yes At least I 'm miles ahead of her even tho I myself dont really understand this book.Even when i was a kid I knew that someone somewhere out there must be writing something that no matter how good iam or how smart i am , I will never understand it . Boy how I was right.This book maybe difficult , but books like this should be written - just to show how smart we human being can be .
 But has anyone ever read every book ? How does one know when they , having read a sentence of such a book , know its eternal value ? I do n't question these other people 's powers -- their omnipotence , their clairvoyance . I suggest that no humble `` intellectual '' or `` closet/on-the-side/hobbyist scholar '' read this -- it would simply be ridiculous for an omnipotent to read when they already know everything ; or a most-humble to read a humbling book . Why bother ? I 'm sure that they are busing writing their own magnum opus right now ...
 It was mentioned in the movie `` Enough '' with Jennifer Lopez . Apparently it 's among the most difficult reads in the English language , and after reading just the Amazon look inside excerpt , I can believe it . Great if you wan na impress friends , but I dunno if you want an actually engaging book .
 I admit it . I never ` finished ' Finnegans Wake . I did not sit down and read it from cover to cover like I did Ulysses . And yet I read Finnegans Wake . Those people who treat it as a hoax are missing the point . Finnegans Wake was meant to be read out loud in small sections . The richness and beauty of the language are unbelievable and the cohesive structure of the book is astonishing . The book begins with the passage of water , and ends with the sea . It is the journey down a river , the journey through life . During the past few years I have picked up Finnegans Wake on numerous occasions and read parts of it . It is beautiful . The sounds are so overwhelming that I always find myself repeating them over and over . Joyce was a master with language and this book was his ` masterpiece ' of language play . It does n't matter that you do n't understand the words . Read it for long enough , and the words will begin to make sense . Maybe by the time I die I will know the full meaning of Finnegans Wake .
 I read Finnegans Wake in eight days . My goal was to get through it , reading every word and trying to make sense out of the puns but not worrying excessively about deciphering the meaning . Someday I may go through it with a fine-toothed comb , but this time around I wanted to read it as I would any novel . The verdict?Well , Finnegans Wake is clearly masterfully put together . For someone like me , with a solid knowledge of Latin and word roots , the puns that made use of etymology -LRB- and those are a large proportion of the puns -RRB- are not difficult to decipher ; I also frequently had the pleasant experience that miscellaneous bits of obscure knowledge floating in the back of my head , that I never thought I would use , were jolted into memory by a passing reference in the book . Joyce poured references of every describable kind amongst the pages , and I could tell that I was not understanding even a small fraction of them , nor was I -LRB- by a long shot -RRB- understanding the book at every level . Finnegans Wake is like a delicious ice-cream cone that is covered in one of those crunchy shells . Now , imagine trying to eat through that shell only by licking , and that is what kind of task getting to the meat of Finnegans Wake is . The reward is delicious , but you have to lick through a heck of a lot of hard chocolate and nuts -LRB- I would liken biting through the chocolate to using one of the companion guides
 In his classic collection of aphorisms , The Trouble With Being Born , the Romanian-French essayist Emile Cioran , makes the following remark
 Much of the humour of Finnigan 's Wake comes from reading the book in a Dublin accent . So if you 've never been then try and go and apply the cadences of speech you hear to the novel , new avenues will open up within the text itself and other passages will reveal themselves .
 I 've read `` Finnegans Wake '' nine times . Verdict ? I dunno , let me read it again . When you read Joyce , you get Joyce . Stick with trash if you 're a normal . So it 's unusual . So what ! His books are what the greatest mind of the 20th C. have left us
 Finnegans Wake may be my favorite book of all time . Not that I completely understand it , but the incredible beauty , mastery , and especially mystery of its language is astounding to me . This is the ultimate re-readable book , since it takes many readings to even begin to make sense of it . FW is probably not for everyone , but for what it is , it is amazing . Certain passages have a quality of uncanny timelessness , despite being somewhat incomprehensible , and deep down there is a simple story of humanity . This is Joyce 's great masterpiece .
 I 'd like to address some of these other critical reviews , thought by thought , as most are intelligent people who are asking all the right questions but can not accept the answers they are coming up with . Your right FW is not `` readable '' , in the normal sense . If you must have a good , solid story , a `` page turner '' , which entertains you and that you finally `` get '' , a story where the meaning is clear
 Have n't read FINNEGANS WAKE in many years , probably not since grad school , but here it is again , everybody talking about it for some reason -- it 's resumed its place in the zeitgeist , the way Frank O'Hara 's `` Meditations in an Emergency , '' featured on the season opener of MAD MEN , is now rising up Amazon 's best seller list as we speak -- has anyone noticed the boxed ad for MAD MEN on AMC right on the page for `` Meditations '' ? Merchandisers do n't miss a trick . When I first read it we really thought it was the greatest novel of all time and we aspired to be just like James Joyce . Then postmodernism set in and FINNEGANS WAKE seemed valuable as a monstrous failure , one that moreover had everything in it , a capacious junkyard like the `` golden '' scrapheap at the center of Dickens ' OUR MUTUAL FRIEND . In any case I pulled it off the shelf last night at 7:30 and have just come to the end , feeling like I 've just swum the English Channel.The back story has never been less obvious to me . Okay , I can just about believe that the whole of the novel -LRB- bar some `` real life '' events impinging on the dreamers ' consciousness -- chimes , house noises , bladder pressure -RRB- takes place during a dream of a very sound sleeper , but how do they know for sure his name is Porter and that he actually has three children ? I always liked the idea of `` Kevin , '' my own name , being taken up by the great novelist James Joyce , and that `` Kevin '' was the golden boy of the family , but now I do n't even remember how I knew his name was Kevin . In any case the dream of Humphrey Chimpden Earwicker shows the eternal return of man -LRB- and woman -RRB- , the endless of cycle of history , exemplified by the legends of Swift , Parnell , Adam and Eve , Tristan and Iseult , even nursery rhyme characters like Humpty Dumpty and Little Boy Blue . The two boys are always in competition with each other , and physically different too , like Laurel and Hardy , except sexier , while the young daughter is the apple of daddy 's eye , and sometimes he seems to be lusting after her in an incestuous way . The great setpieces remain hypnotic , but it is significant that they are the extracts that most respect genre conventions -- the trial of HCE , the procession of ALP giving out treats for 111 `` children '' -LRB- or are they the witnesses in Porter 's trial for -- and what is it he did in Phoenix Park , showed off his `` penrose '' I expect ? The puns , anagrams , and blended languages keep one guessing , but I can see how they might grow wearying -- just keep inhaling them , like weed , and you 'll be able to ride the wild surf to the end.I noticed on page 387 that there 's a reference to `` poor Merkin Cornyngwham , the official out of the castle on pension , '' and I wonder if this is where Merce Cunningham got his name from ? Because it 's such a grab bag , you can find everything in the book , and it 's no wonder my professor used to say that Joybe had predicted events like the Berlin Wall going up , the assassination of JFK and the war in VietNam . Without even meaning to I found Lindsay Lohan ! You doubt me , punk ? The extravagant exchange of the quarrelling washerwoman , in which every river of the world is named , yields the following
 When I first saw finnegan 's wake in the library , I had already heard of its difficulty and strangeness , before i lifted it and looked inside , which only affirmed my suspicion.it was then that I decided I would never read the book . it took only a year or so later to decide to give it a shot.Of course , i recommend at least some sort of guide to help you through , because this is the most difficult book to read possibly in the history of man . ' A Skeleton Key ... ' is a good one , but I have never checked the other guides so I cant recommend any others , but Campbell 's other book on Joyce , ` Mythic Worlds , Modern Words ' is also good , perhaps even better , because it provides a guide to all the works of Joyce.He was a difficult writer to read and of course he will get even more difficult to read as his ` pop ' -LRB- not sure if i should call it pop ... -RRB- culture reference ... historical references is a better term , when his historical references become obscure ... not to mention he is a very vague writer , and he expects the reader to exert him/herself on his works constantly . But once the rudiments of the story gather together inside of your head , you can see the sea of information he had inside of his crowning achievement , and thus the reason for the title of the review , and the true beauty of his rambling words , sentences and phrases that at first glance mean nothing , only to eventually coalesce into meaning and poetry.it is a very difficult read , but those up to it might be able to appreciate its grandeur.also , to spoil some of what joseph campbell says in his ` mythic worlds , modern words book ' , this book is purgatory , evidenced by its dreamlike repetition and idiosyncracies , while Ulysses was Inferno , his illumination of hell within the psychologies and eccentricities of the human mind . his version of paradise was never written , but campbell finds within a letter Joyce wrote to his brother that the words were to be ` simple , lucid ' -LRB- a clear departure from anything he wrote -RRB- . i almost feel cheated now that he never wrote it ... makes you wonder what might have been in his head , after his latter two monster works ...
 I read them aloud with my kids , age 7 and 5 . They have been force fed phonics and Dr. Seuss for the greater part of their lives . I read to them nightly , and have to compete with video games and action adventure comics for their imagination .2 sentences in I knew I had them ; They were wide-eyed . 1 page in they were slack-jawed . After 5 pages I closed the book came the myriad pleads `` No , do n't stop ... `` Thank you , Mr. Joyce , for making my children smile .
 I think what I enjoy most about it is that -- like e e cummings -- charles dodgson -- emily dickinson -- his joyceness gives us all persimmon to push the limits of our language . For example , any apparently misspalled weirds or seemingward aukly sentents constriction in any of our reviews here can readily be defended as missed puns in the style of Finbar -- er , Flynn -- er , Finnegan . O dyin ' flybuzz -- 't is still early brillig ! Gird up your chatterjoes and follow those slithy toves ? Khospodi ! Bol ` shoe spasibo , Dzheimz Dzhois ! Into the alley of depth flowed the 600 ! And per jimbritt zeroing kelvin
 Finnegans ' Wake is only underrated by those who either A
 Joyce 's Finnegans Wake is a masterwork of linguistic indecipherability . His puns , wordplays and encyclopedic depth reflect the genius at work in this novel of night . The disgust shown above clearly reflects a culture of sarcasm and anti-intellectuality . But this novel is no place to start with Joyce
 I do n't think that Finnegans Wake itself makes so many so angry . Rather , the offending party is that tiresome brood of sanctimonious and disgustingly pedantic clowns collectively insisting , in a manner devoid of decency and respect for the common man , that it is the greatest and most important piece ever written , that somehow the entire history of the universe is encoded within its babblings , that it is their duty to proclaim its manifold glories to the vulgar masses , and that you are but a debased philistine and a hopeless product of the MTV generation if you either do n't like it or ca n't understand it upon your first perusal . It is they who engender such ire , and deservedly so . Ignore them . In the words of Christ , `` Verily I say unto you , they have their reward . `` The idea that one should sit down and read FW as one would your average novel is as absurd as they come . I say that if you are so inclined and are looking for a challenge , by all means give FW a try . Dig up for yourself a quality dictionary , preferrably of the Oxford variety , whether in print or online -LRB- many works of classic literature practically require one as a companion piece anyway -RRB- , an explanatory work like Campbell 's if such suits you , and dig in . Take it little by little , do n't feel yourself obliged to plow through it like a steamroller , and do n't be afraid to read other , lighter works along the way -LRB- this last suggestion also works for those looking to tackle Proust in its entirity , but that 's another can of worms -RRB- . Reading it aloud , as has been said , is highly recommended . Of course you 're not going to understand it all or even most of it -LRB- those that say they do belong to that class of fools already mentioned -RRB- , but with adequate preparation and time for reflection you 'll surprise yourself . No , it is n't easy , but it absolutely is rewarding . FW is one dense fruitcake , and it is comforting to know that you can return to it again and again throughout your life and continue to pick out all manner of goodies.So if you like it , great ! If you do n't , you 're in good company , as some of the sharpest literary minds of the 20th century did n't like it either . In the end , it 's a matter of individual taste and whether or not you 're looking for something as radically experimental and unique as this . As I have read somewhere -LRB- although I forget where -RRB- , Ulysses was Joyce 's masterwork and this , his grand experiment .
 How I would mourn being inside the brain of anyone who can not simply ENJOY something and instead demands :1 -RRB- A plot . `` Hey this is a book/movie , howcome there 's no plot ? All the other books/movies I 've experienced have plots . How DARE anyone create something otherwise ! The NERVE ! `` 2 -RRB- Linearity and/or logic . `` But without linearity or logic , you might as well publish a math book that says 2 + 2 = 1,364,772 ! Because abandoning these things means abandoning creativity also !! Everyone knows all creativity resides in the left hemisphere of the brain . '' Oh , of course ! Go ahead and publish a string of random numbers to satisfy this belief and see if anyone `` pretends to like it '' .3 -RRB- That no one get the funny idea of rejecting politics and intellectualism and `` merely '' ENJOY something . -LRB- Along with logic and linearity too ?? But where 's the bias in THAT ?? -RRB- `` I enjoy my favorite foods for logical reasons ! `` 4 -RRB- An objective translation . You poor thing!Who told me to like this book ? Me . When I first started , my first thought was , `` THIS got PRINTED ??? '' . I recovered from that in about five minutes and started laughing . Soon after , I felt as though I 'd experienced a beautiful evolution . It CAN speak to you , but those who insist upon obstructing it with -LRB- fill in semantic here -RRB- have my condolences . As well as those who assume that anyone who likes something must be doing so because they 're afraid not to . -LRB- Because everyone knows that DISLIKE is always more honest than LIKE , right ? -RRB- . The true courage lies in discarding these petty semantics and calling up Robert Anton Wilson to ask him if he 's read it . `` But I like my favorite foods for LOGICAL reasons ! `` Oh dear.Oh by the way , only OTHER PEOPLE 'S beliefs are subjective . Not yours . Never . No way , Jose . Nuh-uh .
 A lot of people say that ` Finnegans Wake ' is a worthless book because they do n't understand it . They 're right , of course -- nobody fully understands this book . That 's the whole point . ` Finnegans Wake ' does not tell a story ; it plunges the reader into it . The reader becomes the dreamer -- things are slightly out of focus , the real and the unreal mix freely , words and thoughts blur and merge together , everything has multiple connotations , and it is both beautiful and baffling . However , its not simply unstructured chaos -- there is a `` plotline '' which seeks to examine the relationships between members of a family through the dreams of H.C.E -LRB- the central character and father -RRB- and his wife . But Joyce extends the `` plot '' far beyond the specific characters , so -LRB- like ` Ulysses ' -RRB- ` F.W. ' becomes timeless.Speaking of Ulysses , I think many people -LRB- I , in some ways , was one of them -RRB- are upset when they realize that F.W. is entirely different , because Ulysses is so amazingly beautiful and perfect . Many reviewers here ask why Joyce did n't write more of the gorgeous prose-poetry of ` Portrait ... ' and Ulysses . Here 's why
 For the uninitiated , the crowning of Joyce 's mad genius is summed up best here -- Hugh Hall `` Speakcore '' -LRB- NJ , USA -RRB- - With this lit tall reave view I rue in all love Joyce is `` Fink Against Wake . '' Poor Read errs , why do use still read that mess ?! Be cause it is litterassure ! Aye con cur ! Joyce sad little skill lend less art . I ownly at hack him be cause tomb many read errs prays him . He is dead end gone . I am all I 've ! Your hear owes dead ! Go back kenned lessen to what he rote . Then calm back hear end read this say gain . Come pair . There is no con test . ============================================================= Mr Hall does not even recognize the influence Joyce has had upon him !!! For anyone involved in writing -- poet , rapper , novelist , journalist , etc. -- THIS is the definitive book to have on your shelf if you want to be a BETTER writer.The secret to this book is discovering where it begins ... and the answer is THE SAME PLACE IT ENDS ... and the magic of Joyce 's masterpiece is that you can begin and end anywhere . A GREAT book is one that you finish and wish that it did n't end ... Joyce takes that concept one step further and GIVES you a book that NEVER ends.Confused?You will be totally perplexed once you read * Finnegans Wake , * a perplexity that will open the doors of perception ... a confusion that will blow the hinges off of reality .
 This book is not to be read literally , rather it should be read aloud -- `` sung '' as if it were a piece of music . And like a piece of music , I find myself lazily following the words whilst occasionally getting a flash of images . One wonders how a musician , not of instrument or voice but of words , would interprete this piece.I know there are audio book versions available , but they 're abridged . Besides , they 're probably read as if the text were prose not poetry -- like a student reciting an historical document . I eagerly await the release of an unabridge version in the vein of the complete and unabridged Ring of the Nibelungs by Wagner -LRB- with James Levine and the Metropolitan Opera -RRB- .
 I tought dis was claaaaaaaaaaaaassssssssssssssssssssssssss !! Joyce , he be rockin ' ! Wot he done wit ' words was just deadly !!
 FW is not a piece of literature . It is beyond literature
 Oh , man , it just puts me down to see how people who obviously have n't read the whole book -LRB- and more importantly read it twice , thrice and so on -RRB- slag it down , blame it a joke , a pure jumblebumble of twisted words , blame the author insane and so forth ... It 's not too great to hear , when I recommend it to someone
 If someone tells you he or she has read Finnegans Wake and understood a fair amount of it , you may safely assume he or she can not be trusted to tell you the truth . Read the first five pages -- any five pages -- and declare otherwise . I dare you . Although there are undoubtedly a handful of literary scholars who feel compelled to try to grasp everything Joyce wrote , the vast majority of those who actually venture to wade through it -- let alone those who pretend that they have done so -- are playing ego games .
 Finnegan 's Wake is a beautiful , profound work . It succeeds as an interpretation of the dream of everyman -LRB- history -RRB- . The reader becomes an active part of the novel because , even if two or three meanings escape notice , the meanings that have relevance to one 's own life stand out and are easily interpreble as having signifigance to the entire work . Secondary sources are unnecessary . Understanding the entire work is not the point of reading the Wake - the book is meant to help one understand one 's role in history , but not to allow a holistic vision of history itself.As an expression of the state of sleep from the sleeper 's perspective , Finnegan 's Wake is intentionally garbled and thrown together as a rubbish heap of information from the dreamer 's life . Because the sleeper is meant to represent Everyman , however , the dreams and thoughts of this particular night are applicable to everyone 's life in some way or another . As in Ulysses , although to a greater extent , the words are often obtuse while the scenes depicted are commonplace . This gives an air of mystery and insolubility to everyday life . You may say that this is disingenuous pompous posturing - but I would respond that life in itself is a great mystery and that I am sorry you think you have it figured out.The language is decipherable , but do n't read the book just to decipher the words . As with any novel , the innate joy in reading it is just that - reading it . Take what you find therein - if you do , upon reading it again , you will find more . The humor and power of the work shows itself again and again if you allow it to do so , and the many meanings and perspectives of Joyce 's universalism are often subconciously understood and not realized as such until later thought.I highly recommend this book to anyone with a great amount of time on their hands . `` Phall if you but will , rise you must . '' Dive in ; Finnegan 's Wake does not disappoint .
 A test of patience ? An extended discourse on sanity ? `` She gave ilcka madre 's daughter a moonflower and a bloodvein
 Reading this is the literary equivalent of doing pull-ups . I thought it was interesting to read it out loud , like poetry . It had a different feel to it that way.Boring , gratuitous Finnegans Wake story follows : I had heard about this book for years , ever since high school , and one day , while in college , I went to the library and took out a copy . I started reading it and thought , `` What the ... `` Actually I realized I was reading Anthony Burgess 's short version , so I went back and took out the real thing . I showed it to my friends who were likewise all bewildered.So next I marched into my 20th Century Literature professor 's office and asked him what was up with this book . He actually began laughing at me . When that was over he told me I should n't simply start reading Finnegans Wake , I should begin with Dubliners and then move on to Portrait . Then I could try Ulysses . If I made it that far I could proceed to Finnegans Wake.At that time I had just read The Promise by Chaim Potok and was impressed with the way those Jewish kids studied the Talmud with various guides and commentaries opened side by side - so that is the way I approached Joyce - like a young Talmud scholar . -LRB- But on my own - never in the context of a class or seminar , unfortunately -RRB- I found Burgess 's ReJoyce very helpful , and of course there are a million Ulysses and Finnegans Wake guides available.Eight years later -LRB- punctuated by six years of podiatry school and residency -RRB- I had finally finished all four and honestly have no idea what I was reading as far as Finnegans Wake was concerned ; but I appreciated the style , the rhythm of it , and the overall experience .
 The thing that makes Joyce so difficult is his tendency to write stream of consciousness , with an emphasis on the here and now . But you figured that out.In Ulysses , the narrative is more or less linear in time . Not necessarily so in FW , or not obviously so . Where Ulysses ' narrative involved a sort of mumbling about what to prepare for breakfast , a running commentary of the act of doing so , and then fleeting thoughts of friends , family , and events from the past.FW ? Well there are definite sections to the book where the mood and the activity level changes . I 'm told this indicates the various stages of sleep , and the physiologic changes during sleep.That being said , the rest of the book is less of a narrative and more successive word plays , tangents , I understood only a fraction of his references in English to literature and history . I understood very little of the foreign language bits - and there are many bits from many languages . You 'd pretty much have to be an ethnographer to get any of it , I believe . It not Reader 's Digest , that is for certain.But I still believe it 's worth reading in a odd out of control sort of way.Who the hell is HCE?I plan to obtain Joseph Campbell 's `` A Skeleton Key to Finnegan 's Wake '' and use it as a study guide next time . Joseph Campbell was one of very few people in this world with the extensive knowledge required to actually understand James Joyce .
 this book is great for the very reasons it is hating . in response to the reviewer who noted that with a program he could write a sequel and that most Joyce scholars would n't tell the difference . Well , the important thing about this book is that Joyce sat down and actually did it . Art moves forward by a few souls cutting down what lie in front of them , and plant something new . Then others come , and hybrid that with the past , and so on . This work is important because he could down everything in front , and replaced it with something so different , hybrids are impossible . So what if its pure gibberish ? In madness there is always an essence of genius , and in this madness , the stench of genius permiates throughout . i say that we can scorn it all we want , but if we do , it should be with a grain in awe in that someone had the audacity to go out , and hurl this challenge back at us .
 Before continuing this review I would first like to make it clear that I have only read parts of ` Finnegan 's Wake . ' Not the entire thing . I personally do n't think it 's necessary to read all of ` Finnegan 's Wake ' to truly enjoy it -- it is , for the lover of nonsense , explosive creativity , and utter literary chaos , a delight . I loved what I read of it and intend to continue sifting through it 's many linguistic treasures . Who knows , maybe I 'll finish it one day . ` Finnegan 's Wake ' was an experiment . The result of an idea James Joyce wanted to flip around . I 'm sure all you writers out there understand the concept -- Joyce was trying out a new form of the art . Whether or not he succeeded is totally up to the reader . Fan of the nonsensical ? Sick of technical , murky prose ? Give ` Finnegan 's Wake ' a try . To those people -LRB- myself included -RRB- , Joyce 's book is an absolute joy ; a hilarious , thought-provoking joyride through the English language.However , there is the other side of the argument , a side not entirely without merit . ` Finnegan 's Wake ' makes no sense . Literally . It is not supposed to . It represents the intricacies of Joyce 's complex mind . There are those that scorn that type of literature , calling it pointless and difficult , lacking depth and meaning . To them , ` Finnegan 's Wake ' is a failed experiment . Perhaps you are one of them -- if so , read the lovely section Amazon has open and decide whether or not you REALLY want to spend your money on this book.What 's truly wonderful about ` Finnegan 's Wake ' is that it 's ambivalent . It is the embodiment of ridiculous -LRB- sometimes frustrating -RRB- linguistic puns , yet also hints at a deeper meaning . Perhaps that in and of itself was Joyce 's experiment , to create tension between the rational and the irrational , and he 's poking fun at us ` artsy intellectuals ' as we argue over this oddity in traditional canon.One last note
 If you 've heard anything about this novel , it was probably that it is difficult . Well , it is . Very , very difficult . It is so hard to get through , most people need more than a little help along the way . This book shows just how far a writer can push language , and just how farthe novel form will go . This is a book by an obtuse , highly literate type for other obtuse , highly literate types . If you fit the bill , dig in .
 book cause when you 're reading it you 're on the other part ; they 're calling it the levels . I was running earlier when this book came along . Some people in the other room were sleeping until I fell of my chair . That is . It was arguably the best moment because of smiles and of course the `` Temper-Chur '' . Zabadoo-zing song rides twice in the loop . Finnegans Wake is a spectacular
 On the bonnie , bunny , funny banks of my dreams of thee . I now ambly sweetly , oh so sweetly when the nebucadezzarrrrrrrrrrruff . King can move only one square at a time . Thyme.Bugga Bugga woo woo . hottentot got cot in a not .
 ... the story , of recourso , is a lovely ellipse , Vico . Great rivers inspire great minds . For the life of Joyce that river was the Liffey . Anna Livia . Finn , again . Up the wall . Falling down dead . Thud ! I am , I do , and I suffer . I yam as I yam . A touch of Irish whisky to wake him . Eggburst , eggblend , eggburial and hatch-as-hatch-can . Mounds of fun in the wordplay . Obscure as Kells . Shocking as the lightningmotifs . Thunderation ! Characters drawn like Remembrandt . Good ole Shem the Pen Man . A brilliant work of heart to a degree excelsius . Life , he himself once said , kills himself very soon , is a wake . Tip ! But what I love most is ...
 Finnegan 's Wake is perhaps the most difficult book in the world to read . If you hope to understand it , do n't read it . There is no way to possibly comprehend this book . I have read 590 of the 628 pages and am convinced that it is an enjoyable book that nobody in their right mind could understand . Even if you read thousand page books in a day , give yourself an absolute minimum of a week for this great work of nothing . Not a book for the impatient . -- Sean Moberg -- 13 years old
 I think alot of the reviewers on both sides here have no business reviewing this book in the first place . Let me explain with this example
 This book makes you gifted and all your past readings become more accurate and connected with everything you have in store to read . And it 's immensely funny , too . One should read it in several places
 this book is like so cool man i mean it is like watching the spice girls movie cept its in a book i really like it so i think you should buy it
 I 've read some - especially in the James Joyce Quarterly - that FW is n't exactly supposed to make sense . And obviously it does n't . Apparently , Joyce - nearly blind at the time - he wrote FW wrote out a lot of the text & had it typed up . Apparently , fairly often the typist could n't read Joyce 's handwriting , so she would guess what the word was . Joyce is reported to have been amused by these errors & let them stand . Also , Beckett took dictation for a lot of FW
 This book is a drug . This book is a weapon . I 'm almost surprised it 's legal . But then a friend of mine tells me that people can get away with a lot more in books than they can in other mediums , because so few people read these days . Buy this book . Pick any page . Make sure it is daytime ; reading late at night may cause insomnia . You do not have to finish or understand this book to enjoy it . It 's like Joyce took all of human energy and made it into one huge handy random reference tome . Incredible . A sure cure for depression . When I discovered it I almost immediately felt like going out on the street and reading ramdom parts to random people .
 The question of the Wake is rightly espoused by Harold Bloom , who wonders , and then affirms
 I did n't expect to like this book at all . I certainly did n't expect to fall in love with it but that is exactly what happened ! I love this book ! It is really funny and readable , in fact it 's a page turner ! It really is a lot of fun and as I already said it is funny on almost every page . I think of it as a long beautiful poem written in a dream language . I like it better than any other Joyce .
 Without a doubt this is the most fun I 've ever had `` reading '' a book . I frequently had to put the book down to wipe my eyes and blow my nose from the tears of laughter . After just a few pages I started taking notes so I could go back to especially humorous passages and read them to friends . Forget all the garbage about how difficult the book is and how it will require all sorts of study and research to appreciate the deep meaning and language . Nonsense . There is no meaning and there is no language . The book is a continuous series of some of the funniest writing ever commited to paper . I suppose the reader gets from the book what they already have in their own mind and from the things I got from this book ... I undoubtedly have a very dirty mind . Joyce frequently comes up with `` sentences '' that strike me as undoubtedly and hilariously obscene -LRB- in the best possible way -RRB- . Honestly , this reads like a series of those filthy limericks that make you marvel at what sort of demented and nasty mind could have conceived them . For me , this is quite simply one of the dirtiest books I 've ever read and certainly the most fun . I 'm not even sure that `` reading '' is what you do with FINNEGANS WAKE . I confess I have no idea what it was about and could n't care less -LRB- because I 'm fairly certain the only person who knew what any of this meant was Joyce himself -RRB- . It dose n't matter . This book is hilarious and not at all difficult to read if you immediately give up the idea that you need to understand it or even be able to pronounce it . Folks , there is n't anything to understand here . Just delight in what the book does to your head because -LRB- make no mistake -RRB- this book WILL do something to you as you `` read '' it that is somewhat like a strange and euphoric form of hypnosis . It is a work of absolute genious and a true one of a kind . It 's the only book I can think of that contained characters who purchased wallpaper to match the cat . This is a book for EVERYONE to enjoy , not just stuffy academic `` Joyceans '' and those of the professorial ilk , in fact this is really a book for people who do n't even like to read . I ca n't think of any other book that I would give a more enthusiastic endorsement of than FINNEGANS WAKE . If you are a fan of DUBLINERS , PORTRAIT and ULYSSES but have avoided reading this one because of its reputation as being impenetrable , then please dive into it with joy . It 's a lot more fun than ULYSSES -LRB- though undoubtedly ULYSSES is the greater work as a `` novel '' -RRB- and you will never have to work at trying to keep up with the plot -LRB- a sometimes difficult task with ULYSSES -RRB- . READ IT READ IT READ IT . You will never be sorry you did -LRB- unless you have no sense of humor -RRB- as it is the greatest literary joke book ever penned and will almost certainly never be bested . You will enjoy it even more if you have -LRB- as I apparently do -RRB- a very dirty sense of humor . Do n't let the length worry you either . It took me two weeks to read it and it was never a chore . I ca n't imagine what the people who say it took them years to finish were actually doing with this book . They were either more capable of wringing amusing perversions from it than I was or were more likely -LRB- sadly -RRB- trying to understand it . Do n't try to `` get it '' just read it and you WILL get it .
 I think the time has come for Finnegans Wake fans to stop having to constantly justify their passion for this book and share our favourite aspects of this inimitable work.What often gets missed among all the discussions about the book is just how funny it is . There are few books that have had me crying with laughter - this is certainly one of them.Joyce 's inventive use of language allows him to create a world like no other - few more enjoyable reads can ever be had .
 Reading James Joyce 's `` Finnegans Wake '' -LRB- first published in 1939 -RRB- is like reading a long really long surrealist poem . I got started by printing a 30-page article from Wikipedia and using it as my guide while I read book from book , chapter to chapter . Even the title is a mystery . There is , of course , no apostrophe between the `` n '' and the `` s '' , so this is not a question of possession . It 's been suggested that the title is actually a corruption of the phrase `` Finn is again awake '' , Finn being the father of the gods in Irish mythology , like Odin in Norse mythology . But near the end of the book Joyce actually uses the phrase Finnegan 's Wake , complete with apostrophe . The novel itself seems to be an interpretation of the symbolic death and resurrection of Finn or Finnegan in the person of Humphrey Chimpden Earwicker , whose name at times changes to Porter -LRB- Earwicker is the keeper of a pub -RRB- , a mysterious sin he may have committed , and how it affects his wife Anna Livia Plurabelle and their three strange children , all this in very obscure poetic prose . Many scholars such as Edmund Wilson and Joseph Campbell have devised a plot out of all this abstract poetry , but I have to admit that finding a conventional plot in Joyce 's `` Finnegans Wake '' is like finding a representational landscape in Pollock 's `` Enchanted Forest '' . It 's significant that the scholars disagree on which chapters mean what . -LRB- I also have to admit that I have not read `` A Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake '' , which is evidently considered indispensable . -RRB- -LCB- Note
 I just finished reading FW last night after almost six weeks of thorough plowing-ahead through it . I do n't know where to begin in my review of it . I would start by summing it up in the word amazing . This book reinvents language . All through school , we 're taught grammar , spelling , punctuation , the format for writing essays , letters , etc. , but Joyce rejects that education , says the hell with it and does his own thing . What interpretation of a word is right ? Is there a correct interpretation to be conceived ? Is there any possible way to wrestle the magnitude of this book to the ground and pin it down to really understand what 's going on ?? Who knows . Joyce has the reader in the palm of his hand , and it 's frightening what FW can do to one 's mind . I 'm sure that now everything else I read will make me think of Joyce in one way or another . I probably do n't know 2 % of the amount of foreign languages , literary , geographical , historical and mythological allusions and references which are crammed into the book , but the parts that I CAN decipher are very clever . It 's not an interesting `` story '' , but it 's captivating simply because it 's such an enigma of a book.There is not so much a story here as there is a SERIES of stories or vignettes parodying various myths , historical events , etc. . But several patterns occur and reoccur . Variations of the initials H C E and A L P -LRB- What does Joyce achieve with FW ? Why , He Confuses Everyone ! All Living Persons ! -RRB- , rearrangements of the name of Finn MacCool , the mythological Irish hero , and the predominant Vicoian theme of history repeating itself . H C E is born and reborn as Adam , as Humpty Dumpty , as Finn MacCool himself . . ad infinitum . Joyce deliberately left the whole thing open-ended so that every word can be interpreted in any way , depending on the individual readers personal knowledge . The more you learn , the more meanings will apply themselves to FW . Tip.And those of you who call this book a piece of garbage have to admit one thing - at least it 's original and unique . There 's no other book quite like it . Joyce did n't write for other people to understand him . He did n't write to appeal to the literary elite . Joyce wrote for Joyce , and if the reader can be in on the joke , it can produce great results . If you do n't get it and call it a pretentious collection of random phrases , then darn it , it 's your loss . And do n't criticize people for saying they like it . And no , I 'm NOT `` pretending '' to like it - I LIKE IT ! Certainly it has some dull spots , but it 's 90 % great!It Awnly tuck me sicksweex to reed the hole booke , anned I enjoid it vary moch . Tip . To you extramely pretentious revousers who say that knowbody has ever red it all the weigh thru -LRB- whaat maycs you so dammed shore of it in the fursed plays ?! -RRB- , then increase the number of people of all time who have read it all the way through from `` zero '' to ONE . That one being me . Not only did I read every last word , but I ENJOYED it , and very much so . So stack that in yore piep und smoe kit!On to bigger and better -LRB- ? -RRB- things ! I 'm starting Ulysses tonight !
 I 've read all of Joyce 's novels and short stories and have taken graduate courses featuring hours of seminar and discussion , so do n't consider myself unqualified to cast an opinion . I must say though , that Joyce was having a bit of fun with his readers here . This is his endgame in which he outmaneuvers all other authors . Remember this is the same writer who prophesied , shortly after its publication by Shakespeare & Co. that Ulysses would keep the academics guessing for 100 years -LRB- it will have them arguing a lot longer than that I 'll wager -RRB- . Well take Ulysses and multiply it to the tenth power and you will have some perspective of this Tower of Babel of a novel . Joyce wants to take you higher and higher up the tower steps until you become so disoriented you have no longer have any clue what speech or language signify -LRB- which is the primary reason it is one of the deconstructionists holy texts -RRB- . If you will recall , Ulysses begins in a tower as well . Only here , the higher he takes you , the more you are overcome by vertigo as you peer down at the vestiges of culture and what you supposed was community below.Anyone who has seriously studied Joyce and has read his biographers -LRB- Edelman is my favorite , but Leon Edel also provides some sharp insights -RRB- is aware that few authors had a more colossal Ego than JJ . This work is the author 's ego as edifice . Take the climb if you so desire . He will definitely not lead you by the hand , and the only thing you will see and hear when you get to the top are provided by your own inadequate sensory apparati . You might just get a whiff of your own sweat and mortality as well . If your eyes can still focus , you might also see JJ , bent over , laughing at you for having made the trip . I know , I thought he was a one-eyed SOB at that point too .
 Im a first time reader of Finnegans Wake -LRB- a simple title you can interpret in at least four different ways -RRB- . Along with FW Im reading Campbell 's book `` A Skeleton Key to FW '' and while its not the optimal resource to totally understand Joyce 's masterpiece , its been a big help so far . I recommend . There are too many levels to discuss here , so here 's my advice - do not read FW if you want a quick read . Read it if you enjoy wordplay , like in ee cummings ' poetry , or allegory , like in Dante 's . Read it if you like comedy - many fail to mention FW is FUNNY . Read it if you like a mental challenge . Read it if you are Irish . Read it if you are not Irish . After FW you will chuck your TV out the window and never look back . Read it if you are sick of John Grisham and Stephen King and Oprah 's Wet Noodle Book Club for The Grammatically Harmless .
 The last work of his that Joyce ever saw published -- the work he labored on for 17 years -- is Finnegans Wake and easily one of the oddest books ever . Some people do get hostile towards the book , because it IS odd , but you have to appreciate Joyce 's OTHER works the way I do to even want to read it . I can honestly say I do n't get all of it -- no one ever will . I do n't think it 's a book intended to be read just once.The one problem is that Joyce maybe got a tad out of hand . Okay , it was the book he probably wanted to be remembered for -LRB- although `` A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man '' and maybe `` Ulysses '' are more accessible and therefore get more readers today -RRB- , but I think maybe he was showing off a bit . Not that he did n't have the right to.The first time I read a work by Joyce I figured I was going to hate him . When I hate an author , I really hate one . But somehow Joyce grew on me . That was pretty strange . And although I have n't read most of Joyce 's stuff , I like to get in over my head -- hence , reading Finnegans Wake.This is not a beginner 's book , that 's for sure . If you 've heard of Joyce and want to explore his works , start with `` A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man '' , because that is a classic all its own and also much easier to follow . Actually , I 'd build even more than that before Finnegans Wake , but that 's up to you.In all , I strongly suggest Finnegans Wake for people who like interesting literature .
 OK , first of all , I ca n't help but notice that in many of the negative reviews of Finnegans Wake the reviewer admitted to `` not getting past the first page '' or some such thing . I think that anybody trying to read this book needs to realize that it 's not nearly as difficult as it seems on first impression . You need to approach it with an open mind , though . Do n't expect it to follow any familiar rules , and do n't feel lost when it does n't . People who could n't get past the first few pages probably let their biases of what a novel `` should be '' interfere with their enjoyment of the book.Example
 The last and most bizarre of Joyce 's works , Finnegans Wake is considered by many to be the ultimate in inaccessible literature . I 've read the book in its entirety , and admittedly , I do n't know what it 's supposed to `` mean '' . In spite of all the critical commentary that 's been published on it in the last 60 years , it 's likely that no one knows what Joyce was really getting at . The book is written in a language of humorous puns and exotic coinages which tends to obscure what little `` plot '' there is . Several central personalities keep resurfacing
 This book was obviously written by a man with a patch over his eye . You see , it 's a book comprised solely of footnotes to footnotes . The great thing about it is you do n't really have to read it to have an opinion about it ! I 've read far more words about the book than I 've read in the book ! My girlfriend worked in the Fredonia -LRB- SUNY -RRB- Library where they had 30 feet worth of shelf space for the James Joyce Quarterly . More amazing than the book itself is the serious time and effort others have dedicated to it . I 'd spend hours reading 10,000 word essays on a new interpretation of the meaning of a three word sentence in the Wake ! A former girlfriend once said he wrote it to make scholars talk baby talk for 1,000 years ... another friend joked that , to receive his BA at Utica College , he was going to write THE DEFINITIVE ESSAY on Finnegans Wake . Of course this ca n't be done . Approach the book the way you would a dream , with suspended disbelief . You know how in a dream nothing is questioned , no matter how surreal ? -LRB- I have a friend who dreams ` ordinary ' dreams , which seems odd to me . -RRB- - Read the book aloud , and with an Irish accent . Do n't strain to `` get '' what it is you 're reading -LRB- think in terms of Jazz/John Coltrane/sheetsofmusic -RRB- , and Most importantly have a bellyfull of beer . The best time to read it is for an audience at an afterhours party -LRB- 4AM -RRB- when everyone is pretty zonked out and there are a few people there whom you 've never met before and will in all likelyhood never meet again . Open the book randomly and read aloud for a page or two -LRB- if possible -RRB- , then continue with the party as if you 've done nothing out of the ordinary . -LRB- Interestingly , the usual reaction to this is complete indifference , as if it never happened ! - but I suspect years later it 'll occure to them that something odd happened for a moment during those parties . A delayed response ? Or was it just a dream ? How much can you trust your memory ? -RRB- ... Finally , a reviewer somewhere below got it right when he said Joyce shows promise . Indeed , He shows the promise of a man who was once attacked by a dog on the beaches of Holland -LRB- circa . 1926 -RRB- - :-RRB- < -- primative symbols in a postmodern age ! + media overload = Finnegans Wake ... XOXOXO
 This is an abridged reading -LRB- about 1/4 of the orginal -RRB- of a very long book that is probably the most notoriously difficult thing to read in literature . This may be the best way to taste the waters.It is often said that you must hear the text in the spoken `` oirish '' to appreciate the music of the words . Well here you have two Irish actors very experienced in dramatic readings of Joyce.The set includes a 110 page booklet with the text of what is read out . Thus you can follow and listen simultaneously , and this may prove your key to understanding just what the book is really all about . If you are at all curious you should give it a try.A note of clarification
 ... Yes , this book is hard to understand and read . That 's where its beauty lies . For me , it 's a pleasure to read it . Although the story 's wiven through the book , you can follow it hardly . But for me , the story is not what the book 's about . The book is just a great series of great sounds , wordplays and everything and it is in it 's form as great as any other piece of abstract art . Because that 's what it is . Abstract art . We have abstract paintings -LRB- do I have to name examples ? -RRB- , abstract music , so why ca n't we have abstract literature ? I think it 's very interesting to read this and give your own meaning to it , as you -LRB- might -RRB- do with abstract paintings and/or music . In that way it 's a great effort of James Joyce , since you can give anything your own meaning
 1
 How can a person use less than 1,000 words to describe a book that utilizes 65 different languages to deliver a tale of sin , betrayal and politics into a dream-like realm of reality ? As Seamus Deane 's introduction to the Wake states , this novel could have been written on the building sight of the Tower of Babel.What is it about ? A father and his daughter uncover themselves in a Garden of Eden park setting . Their exploration is spied upon by four evangelists . Their names are Matthew Mark Luke and John.A hard novel to read ? Finnegan 's Wake is my brain 's favorite jungle gym . Absolutely the hardest read there is , even when compared to Joyce 's novel Ulysses . Joyce spent 22 years writing the two novels that have shaped today 's literature . If I would be so bold , I would suggest to Oprah that she draw back from selecting current authors and go right to the source of that inspiration
 No , I have n't read it i have many times tried to but i simply ca n't . I have read and admired many other books by Joyce . However the words that I scarcely understand , sound to me like music . Riverum riverum ...
 Fantastic yet dismal , chaste yet erotic , this is a premonition of things to come . I did not enjoy reading it , but it is , without a doubt , the greatest endevor literature has conceived . This is not for the weak or the weak-hearted , and even those strong enough to get through it will inevitably throw up everything that 's inside of them and have to start from scratch , but it will be worth it . I feel Joyce 's writing hand still throbbing with life , and I still feel the amorous tongue of Finnegans Wake deep within my throat . If I were to be exiled to the moon and could only take one thing with me , it would be Barth 's `` The Sot-Weed Factor '' , but if I could take another thing , there 's an outside chance it would be this book . That 's how great it is .
 Above all , this book must be read ALOUD-to oneself and/or to others , in a fake Irish brogue -LRB- or a real one if you 're Irish -RRB- ; using this method , it is amazing how formerly incomprehensible references will come to light ! This is the only way I have ever found it possible to read at all ... Read the good key by Joe Campbell and do n't try to understand every blasted drunken reference , as surely Joe did not -LRB- though granted he probably got 99 % of them -RRB- And do n't read the abridged version , read what the man wrote all the way through and then again , for corn 's sake ! USQUEBAUGH !
 This wonderful book rewards the effort necessary to prepare you for the experience . There 's music , magic , and laughs aplenty here for the ready mind . It 's a cryptic compendium of games , puzzles , riddles , and songs.But for those of you too daunted by the challenge of reading Joyce 's final masterwork , there 's always the consolation of complaining about your shortcomings on the internet . Please follow these rules when posting your hatchet-job reviews of Finnegans Wake , to make sure you do n't deviate from the list of tired tropes churned out by every negative reviewer in the seventy years since the Wake 's publication .1 -RRB- Make it plain that you did n't finish the book . Describe in excruciating detail the amount of times you tried to read it , and the circumstances surrounding your decision to stop in each instance . Remember , literature is all about you .2 -RRB- Be sure you call it `` gibberish '' or `` drivel , '' so that everyone realizes your humble dedication to experiencing this work of literature and your respect for the talent and hard work of its author . In order to demonstrate that you have the attention to detail necessary for the task of reading the Wake , misspell the title frequently .3 -RRB- Show what an original thinker you are by considering that Joyce wrote Finnegans Wake as a colossal joke , or to punish his admirers for whatever reason . Make it seem like you are literally the first person in history to make this observation .4 -RRB- Deride Joyce for having the arrogance and presumption to be more intelligent and well-read than you . Remember , it 's not that you have an inferiority complex or anything . It 's important that Joyce be called out as an insensitive literary snob . Every negative review of the Wake has to contain the sentence , `` The Emperor has no clothes . `` 5 -RRB- Revile Joyce 's admirers as academic phonies who only claim to have read Finnegans Wake so they can lord it over everyone else . Pat yourself on the back for your maverick integrity while you 're actually expressing the overwhelming majority opinion on the book . You can also credit Joyce with creating an entire edifice of pseudo-intellectual postmodern dogma that infests literary criticism to this day , but remember , this has to be done with a straight face and no subtlety whatsoever .6 -RRB- For advanced haters only . Come up with an oh-so-droll Reading Challenge that will expose professed lovers of the Wake as the frauds they are . Propose , for example , that readers try to tell the difference between a passage of the Wake and the product of a random word generator . Be creative!For people with no such issues , Finnegans Wake is a challenge worth facing .
 i have n't yet finished my first read through of this book , but even now i think it 's fair to say that this is an amazing piece of work . i just want to reiterate what a couple of people have said . firstly this is not literature , as such , it shares far more with music than it does with literature , and secondly , it should be read as you would listen to music , letting it wash over you , not trying to control any of it , not trying to realize what is happening . you should realize that after a while things will make sense , and even if the book never makes sense to you entirely it does n't matter . to view this book as beautiful nonsense does no disservice to it , i think , because it is definitely the ultimate in beautiful nonsense if that 's the way you want to see it.and really , if you 're going to write this off as gibberish , realize the man spent 17 years of his life perfecting this book . he went blind while writing it . his daughter was put into a mental asylum and europe was in the begining throes of world war II and still he wrote this book . more work has been lovingly poured into these pages than most writers put into their entire career . if you do n't like it , fine , but calling this book gibberish is doing a huge disservice to the author and only making yourself look stupid . just say you do n't like it , that 's all you need to say .
 No , Finnegan 's Wake is n't written in a drab , unambiguous way , and that 's a darn good thing . Unthinking directness is great for cafeteria lunch menus , but fortunately great works like FW allow us to explore ideas and language in a new way.Imagine how dull life would be if everything were always written in a way to satisfy a high school English department 's style book . But I suppose some people wo n't be satisfied until we drop the balcony scene in `` Romeo and Juliet '' and instead Romeo just walks in and says `` I know our families hate one another , but I 've really got the hots for you . '' Of course , that does n't even begin to cover what goes on in that scene , but maybe that 's because some ideas are so hard to grasp that the only way to explain them is to use obscure , incomprensible , and elusive words and phrases . Like FW . -LRB- On the other hand , do n't throw your TV out after reading FW , because TV is totally awesome , no matter what self-righteous , emaciated , turleneck-wearing pointyheaded longhairs think . -RRB-
 Finagans Wake is unlike anything I every read . It 's a bit scary . You catch yourself seeing and thinking of words in reference to the dream world of the Wake . Give yourself about four months and get a hold of Tindall 's guide . Although the Wake deserves five stars , I most confess Joyce 's use of obscene and vulgar motifs detracts from the work on the whole . If your going to be in traction for a while this the book for you.Waken knot new !
 I believe a couple of the recent reviewers have it right.Finnegan 's Wake is the closest analogy in real life to the endless stream of puzzles encoded in the beam of light in Piers Anthony 's sci fi novel ` Macroscope ' . Most of us page through it , think `` That 's nice '' or `` So what ? '' , put it down , and go on with our own lives.Some few , endowed -- for better or worse -- with the right brand of intelligence , are captivated by it , get plugged into it in Borg-like manner , and ca n't get out of it . End result
 -LRB- You started reading Finnegans Wake at age 13 ? Where were your parents , teaching the dog to write in terza rima ? It 's amazing you did n't catch aphasia and die . -RRB- No , it is n't incomprehensible , it 's infinitely comprehensible , that 's the whole problem ? Gibberish ? You read it , did n't you ? Do you know what `` gibberish '' means ? Do the one-star people here understand War and Peace , or even Germinal , or do they take bits and pieces for narrative and content ? It 's only tougher to recognize your goal as a reader ... and it 's the funniest book ever written . But `` The Work of a Thousand Geniuses '' ? Sounds a bit spastic , like something Yeats would say while putting on his magic shoes . Joyce is no Shakespeare , and David Foster Wallace is all his fault , and we must never forget it .
 Fun words aplentyGive meaning to.Eagerly awaiting movie .
 First of all , if you really need to see the story about as completely as you can understand in your concrete world : This is the story of a brilliant man laying down , going to sleep , entering the universal common consciousness , and then beginning to wake up again . To know this book , learn to sleep . GO to bed when the sun goes down . Turn off the Television and the ipod when you sleep and maybe after 25 years you might get to realize this as well.If you must follow some traditional narrative thread , get the Skeleton Key to Finnegan 's Wake and you will get some idea as to what is going on , but miss three quarters of the fun . It 'd be like reading the script of Star Wars to see what happened in that movie -LRB- only Finnegans is a much better script -RRB- . Joseph Campbell has done us literal literate readers , who have learned to see no more than what is in front of our eyes in a simple logical progression , a great service in spelling out , read his lips , exactly what is going on at all times.But what is going on is that vast consciousness we may enter when we enter deepest sleep , beyond words , where everything interconnects.Several other commentaries are as useful and more interesting . THe Skeleton Key , as is implied , lays out the bare bones of the narrative part by part . Others explore different motifs , such as heraldry or children 's stories , or other languages , etc.You can find commentaries such as Joyce and the Jews which traces a Talmudic structure throughout the Wake and a Hebraic origin to its use of each letter as signifier , including the Cabalistic curious numerical value of ALP , the female essence of the dreamland . You can find other commentaries which discover Sherlock Holmes lurking beyond each passageway.Each element in Finnegans Wake is not random , but intentional , a tribute to the genius and all-inclusive learning of Mr. Joyce . Like the great cathedrals of Europe , at Chartres , etc. , it is far beyond our dumbed-down televised understanding . Just as it is now impossible for us to rebuild the Cathedral at Chartres -LRB- the rose window alone could never be reconstructed -RRB- so do we find the construction of Finnegans incomprehensible without every aid available.We find our exiled selves now so unfortunately devolved literally as to be no longer capable of comprehension , but only dismissal . It makes our heads hurt to think , to laugh , to expand.Finnegans is a great mountain beyond our vision , beyond the clouds , too wide and too tall to see , but one we do well to climb attentively , to broaden our own perceptions , our horizons , our fitness , our minds , our souls.Get it . Get the commentaries , beginning with Joseph Campbell , but soon you will see his own limitations and struggle to go beyond him . His Skeleton Key is like the Finnegans Wake for Dummies series . Go beyond your own limitations , farther than you thought possible , and be proud of each one of your tiptoed small achievements in reading this book , pursuing every avenue of investigation . Read it . Sleep on it . Read some more . Until you too begin to awaken .
 What can actually be said about Finnegan 's Wake that would be coherent ? Well , not much unless one is willing to spend a great deal of time atempting to decipher speakers from observations . However , what I can say is that this is probably the greatest work ever written . Note that I do not say I love this book or that it is my favorite book . This book is not for enjoyment , this book is meant to be thought about and even cause confusion . While the beginning of the book discusses what appears to the start of time , and ends with the beginning of time . What more can I say about a book that has everything to say ?
 A way a lone a last a loved a long riverrun , past Eve and Adam 's , from swerve of shore to bend of bay , bring us by a commodius vicus of recirculation back to Howth Castle and Environs.If you can not read for readings sake this book is not for you . When I first picked up this book I did not understand it , but it did n't annoy me either so I kept reading and found it to be an enjoyable book - now I treasure it.Much like Faulkner was to me this book was also , Can you tell me that The Sound and the Fury was easy to understand at first reading.and if you have read it are n't you glad you had?Like that book this book encourages me to read it again .
 I just finished a graduate seminar on the Wake , and I found it stimulating and enlightening , though still daunting . I believe the format we chose helped tremendously ; we had nine strong , informed readers who each read the same passage and gathered once a week to discuss it . Reading in groups , I think , is the only way to begin to grasp the Wake ; everyone brings their own idiosyncratic knowledge to the table , and can shed light on passages that would otherwise remain obscured . I believe the Wake is uniquely built in a way to reward group studies . It seems all of history is in these pages , and discussing it with some wise colleagues is the best way to unpack it all . Of course it helps if one of your colleagues did her dissertation on Joyce !
 This is a fun book to read , and has many life lessons in it along with myths that are easy to decode throught its pages . I do n't know why people are so quick to dismiss this land mark . If you do n't understand the language fine , I do n't understand most of the words , but Joyce did say to understand this book to read out loud , and with an Irish accent . I did this , and it was much simpler for me to read the story . Another thing you have to think of are circles , every paragraph tells basicly the same story except in a different way with different sounds . And with that comes a structured whole . For all you people that hate learning things , I would stir clear of this , or you may end up having your mind exband to new harizons .
 to mix among the manglemento of chaos , to expose man 's larceny , his lust-bulls and his absurdity , to portray the bipedal tool-smith as corrupt , mentally handicapped and dire - this then is f&igrave;nnegans wake , categorically the most convincing portrait of absurdity ever written . but what humor ! what laughter ! although this work concerns pessimism and the inevitability of crash and foam it nevertheless resounds in a splurge of joke ! this baffling maze , once understood , can not help but entertain us as we watch it meander from one scene to the next , each portrait as absurd as the one proceeding . begin with the seventh chapter , the easiest chapter . immerse yourself in its fold as you read shaun castigate his brother as he writes a slanderous history of his life . then move onto part three chapter one where we see shaun in action , in a bar , boasting among his compatriots , attacking shem , narrating the story of the ant and the grasshopper , his speech slurred , his mind jumbled in chaotica . with that you should have the ability to then master this outrageous tome dedicated to exposing man 's most profligate urges . here man is a lecher , incapable of beautezza , nowhere judicious , circumspection a thing of nihlum . here only nonsense governs the reason as the men herein spout only mangled sentences , shouting mostly , helplessly inept in their decorum . it is a bold work , radical , original , rarely imitated in its shape , color or architecture.author of Lorelei Pursued and Wrestles with God
 You will probably consider this novel to be difficult . I agree with anybody who thinks so . It is very difficult . It certainly is hard to grasp , but once you get into it , that is it . James Joyce stretched the language and brought the book to a far higher form of writing that is uncommon around . Uncommon in the sense that you have to get into it to love it . For easier , compelling reads , -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Were it not for this novel -LRB- ? -RRB- somewhere some little known writer would create something similar and put him/herself on the litereay map , causing the rest of us to have to hear about it for an unbearably long time . I am glad an already established , and , at this time , much revered writer pulled this linguistic trick so as not to have hear about what a genius the beforementioned hypethetical author is . Joyce was already loved for the slightly more comprehensible books he wrote prior to this one , and therefore the release of this prank , whoops , novel did little more than secure his place as the `` greatest novelist . '' Now we can go on ignoring the gags and babble of `` Finnegan 's Wake '' and go back to enjoying readable books.Thanks .
 This volume is a valuable read for nurses who are researching vocational issues of the profession.The book arrived ingood time and in excellent condition.Thank you again Amazon
 Again , Sr Mary Elizabeth O'Brien has writeen an excellent book . I give this book to nurses when they graduate . It truly puts nurses in an angelic and spiritual perspective which they deserve .
 Nietzsche &#146; s statements are often bold , startling and thought provoking to the reader . Against &#145; moralists &#146; and &#145; religions &#146; -LRB- esp . Christianity -RRB- such statements might invoke hostility on Nietzsche himself by the reader . Who does understand Nietzsche , except Nietzsche himself ? The reader must go beyond this degradation &#150; for to see the world of Nietzsche one must see Nietzsche from within . Nietzsche &#146; s philosophy of a &#147; philosophy of life &#148; -LRB- Paul Tillich -RRB- is the only one that is . Much can be learned from reading Nietzsche . Nietzsche valued life and perhaps understood it more so than the &#145; moralists &#146; of yesterday and today . - First purchase and readingNietzsche &#146; s philosophy , I believe , rests on his assertion
 The two works contained in this volume were the last two works that Friedrich Nietzsche was to complete in his lifetime . Shorly after finishing them , he went insane , and in reading The Anti-Christ , in particular , one senses that he is very much at the end of his rope.There are two ways of reading this book . I fear that many read it primarily as an attack on Christianity -LRB- which it certainly is -RRB- , but it is also far more than that . If one takes Nietzsche 's tirades against Christianity -LRB- in both its Protestant and Roman Catholic variants -RRB- seriously , one is left with a sort of bad version of Feuerbach
 How would Nietzsche criticize Ramana Maharshi 's philosophicaland ethical system of thought ?
 I like the Hollingdale translation of these two of the final works of Nietzsche for saying things the way a person who ordinarily speaks English might typically say something . A previous translation , in The Portable Nietzsche , presented the ideas here as philosophical thought
 Nietzsche is not fed up with christianity , he is fed up with christians , and the people who distort christianity . Nietzsche is not the antichrist , he is simply the Messenger in a greek tragedy . We are the antichrist . `` In reality there has been ofnly one christian , and he died on the cross . The Evangel died on the cross . what was called ` Evangel ' from that moment on was already the oposite of what he had lived `` antichrist 39Five stars for Nietzsche , three for the lack of notes . Also , there are many times when Nietzsche writes in french or latin and there is no note or translation.ps I 'm older than twelve .
 This was the first Nietzsche I read about 6 years ago at University . I only understood about 40 % of it and have reread it about 3 times , each time understanding more . Anything of Nietzsche 's is good . It 's just a matter of rereading it if you really do n't get it . The bits which at first seem like padding become the most interesting bits eventually.This is a good place to start partly because of Michael Tanner 's excellent introduction and also because it is not too long but covers the most important bits of his writing , his attack on Christianity -LRB- and the post-Christian mealymouthed morality we 've inherited -RRB- , the moral system which really made him puke . As Tanner says though , in many of his arguments against Christianity you can see he is arguing against it when practised by the overwhelming majority of people , not the person of Jesus or the philosophy itself which he often seems to appreciate and value.Nietzsche is THE must read for all adults because I could have lived 1000 years and not figured so much of it out myself - that Christianity is a religion of hate , dressed up in ` love ' . Sounds batty , but it 's not . Because you can read Edmund Burke and others and have already thought these things yourself . Not Friedrich Nietzsche.You wo n't read anything else like him anywhere .
 These two books , two of Nietzsche 's last books , are simultaneously one of the greatest challenges ever launched against Christianity -LRB- after that of Dostoyevsky in The Brother 's Karamazov -RRB- and are the greatest challenge to modern atheists . No matter which side of the debate you belong to -- or if you are a third party altogether -- Nietzsche has something to rock your world . I first read these books as a teenager and they forever changed the way that I view the world . The question that everyone who reads these books , and the rest of Nietzsche 's work , must ask themselves is what to make of the modern world . As we enter a supposedly post-Christian era , an era of which Nietzsche was certainly the forerunner and prophet , we must ask ourselves just how much of our heritage we are willing to part with as we part with Christianity . And we must ask ourselves upon what basis we will build this new , post-Christian civilization . My belief is that Nietzsche was right
 This two works by one of the more influential philosophers of the end of the 19th century , must be read with a proviso . They were published posthumously by Elisabeth , his sister , in a sequence conforming to her own authoritarian views.This said , the Antichrist is a must read for those philosophers concerned with the nihilistic -LRB- nihilismus -RRB- and transmutation of all occidental values -LRB- Umwertung aller Werte -RRB- central aspects of Nietzche 's philosophy . If you read them at face value , confusion migth ensue and the intrinsic power of an effort to demonstrate the futility and perversion of certain occidental values is lost . Then the road opens for misrepresentations and the exploitation for propaganda and other purposes . To put things in perspective , one must not forget that `` God 's death '' , according to N. is a metaphysical event consisting in the slaughter of God by the human being , for the sake of truth and religion itself . According to the author , God 's death appurtains to the essence of cristianism because , by way of the interpretation of Plato 's philosophy , this religion considers truth and God as exogenous or outherworld elements . As a consequence of this platonic view , the world itself and its Gods appear void of basis and truth , and therefore the nihilism of the modern man ensues . That God is dead is evident , but no man lives this event as a passage and liberation from metaphysical duality -LRB- world and outher world -RRB- , in order to reconcile with the earth and real life . So , steer clear of this book , if you are faint minded , unless you are looking for material to misuse or abuse . For the theologian and philosopher , on the other hand , this is required reading .
 To read , and to review , Fredrich Nietzsche who is one of the pre-eminent philosophers of the modern era is not a task to be taken lightly . A critique of his work is probably beyond the purview of one sitting or one writer.Here , Penguin Classics combines two of his better-known works , Twilight Of The Idols and The Anti-Christ , into one tome . Both works were , perhaps ironically , written at the twilight of the German philosophers life . He would descend into personal chaos a year after finishing the latter title and end up insane . The coming of the conflict would not have been a surprise given the polemic , frustrated and bitter nature of his work here . Bearing that , Nietzsche also musters enough humour amidst his onslaught of logic to cast a bitter smile upon his subjects.While The Twilight Of The Idol -LRB- his unkind take on Wagner 's Twilight Of The Gods -RRB- is a panoramic and wide-reaching synopsis of his misanthropy and clash with conventional history , The Anti-Christ turns his pen into a more focused attack against Christianity . Taking accepted thinking and the mainstream as his prey , the German philosopher spares no fire when bearing down on Greek philosophy , Englishmen , Germans and the Jews , among others . Christianity might be his main source of contempt , and certainly his keen interpretation of that dogma is torrid and furious , but Nietzsche 's mildly tolerant views on Buddhism , the Romans and Islamic Moors , in contrast , must have juxtaposed his condemnation even further and driven his contemporaries and eventual enemies just as much into furor.Despite several notable contradictions and conflicting arguments the books and Nietzsche are both a fascinating revelation of the world mythos and an unrelenting denigration of individual thought patterns .
 If there was any question of whether Nietzsche was an absolute genius , these two books will prove it . His wit , enthusiasm , courage , and extreme energy will keep you enthralled in his arguments . These are the two works by Nietzsche that give him his reputation as an extremist and genius .
 This book was sooo interesting , I could n't put it down . Despite being Christian or not , -LRB- I being in the latter category -RRB- , it really shines new light on how you see the Christian faith , or any faith in general .
 The perfect album from Crazy Freddie ? This is a rip-snorting read - delivered in punchy three minutes bursts of exhilarating energy . Much of Nietszche can , for today 's eyes , be pretty impnenetrable stuff -LRB- Thus Spake Zarathustra , for example , is a tough read
 These two books , earlier regarded as products of the onset of his insanity , are now accounted two of the deepest and most profound of Nietzche 's works . Reading them is like a revelation , every page a feast for soul and mind alike . I must admit , I was an atheist long before reading Nietzche , but if I had ever had any doubts before they were cleansed after just two pages from these two powerful polemics .
 Two excellent works . However , it might now be the best idea to deliver them in one package , as twilight is an awesome introduction to , and synopsis of , Nietzsche 's philosophy and hence a good read for a first encounter with Nietzsche -LRB- and a parallel lecture to Zarathustra ! -RRB- , whereas Anthchrist is best understood with the background of Nietzsches other major works , hence more of a last or later read.Nonetheless 5 stars for the quality of the content : Twilight
 `` Twilight '' is the book i always recommend to first-time readers of Nietzsche
 Hollingdale 's translation of `` Twilight of the Idols '' and `` The Antichrist '' is a standard in the classroom . H.L. Mencken , who wrote what I believe was the first American study of Nietzsche in 1908 , also translated `` The Antichrist '' -LRB- Mencken 's title is `` The Anti-Christ '' -RRB- in 1917 . I can not say which of the two translations is the more `` accurate . '' But I can say that Mencken 's recently re-issued translation -LRB- see Amazon.com listing -RRB- is the more interesting and compelling read of the two , and definitely deserves a look .
 These books are not for the light minded , or the closed minded ... or for the severly openminded . they are for those who are ready to get on a bull of philosophy that just might throw you to the mat . But , having said that , it is a great read , and could very well be better for you ` in the long run ' . Not recommended for children or republicans .
 Ours is a time not that very different from that of Nietzsche 's . We too live in a kind of Victorian hell , a genteel time of right thinking professors who would make Nietzsche feel as unwelcome as did his `` betters , '' who recognized he was a genius but did n't want him around . `` Twilight of the Idols '' is a lot of fun to read . It is exhilarating to read such frankness , without the American way of combining honestly with profanity . It is straight talk on the decline of German culture . I will leave it to the reader to decide if this may be applied to our once great country . Nietzsche 's great insight in his time was to return to the Greeks , but to cast Plato aside , in favor of the great historian Thucydides , who immortalized the rhetoricians , such as Pericles , and sang the praises of the speaker and doer of deeds in contrast to the `` armchair '' thinkers such as Socrates . Nietzsche seems to be the ultimate heavy , but he is a hoot to read and seems to have had as much fun writing this work as I have had reading it .
 The two books nicely translated by Hollingdale are among Nietzsche 's last four books . The other two being `` Ecce Homo '' and `` The Case of Wagner . '' But it is this volume that presents Nietzsche 's most blatant challenge to the foundations of Western thought , namely , rationalism and Christian values of love , hope , faith , and compassion . Nietzsche is in his most strident in `` The Anti-Christ . '' He clearly saw himself as a world-transforming figure , who was to supplant the figure of Jesus , as he is presented in the Bible . `` The Anti-Christ '' poses a difficult challenge to the critic . What aspect of the book is the most important one ? By Nietzsche 's own account , it is his desire to revaluate all values . If that is the ultimate goal of the book , then Nietzsche fails rather miserabley , as his version of new values offers little more than ruthlessness and principled denial of anything that stands in the way of raging power . However , if viewed as historical criticism , `` The Anti-Christ '' stand up as an interesting and , at times , insightful , read . Nietzsche continues to probe the psychological depth of the human soul , just as he did in the `` Twilight of the Idols . `` All in all , this is a must read for any student of philosophy , history , or politics . And here you will see an insightful philosopher and a literary master who , scandalized by the imiplications of Darwin 's theory of evolution , constructed a nightmarish visions that would be used and misused by his pseudo-disciples , including the Nazis , to justify cruelty and absurdity . Of all 19th century philosophers , Nietzsche has the greatest impact on the intellectual developments in the humanities in continetal Europe . These two books will give you a taste of the strident and uncompromising genius , tortured by narrow-mindedness and abusrdities of the world , as well as by the bitterness that comes for the total lack of recognition .
 In this powerful work of philosophy , Nietzsche ponders the value of nearly everything . In the first text Twilight of the Idols , he offers a compelling attack on the prevalent beliefs of his time , including such thinkers as Hegel and Kant , as well as Socrates , theology , morality , and all things German . In the second text , the Anti-Christ , Nietzsche brilliantly and energetically provides his counter-arguement to Christianity and the ways the institution has distorted and murdered the teachings of Christ . His writing is breathtaking and his arguments are made in brief , explosive flashes of immense genius . However , his work can be exhausting as he continues to negate all thought besides his own , and his ability to draw references can be formidable . I 'm sure the latter essay will not be palatable to devout Christians but it is necessary that you read it , for it will surely shake the foundations of your belief .
 `` Twilight of the Idols '' and `` The Anti-Christ '' are two of the last books , both composed in 1888 , that Nietzsche wrote before his final descent into syphilis-induced madness which occurred during the first week of 1889 . They continue themes he had developed in his earlier work , and `` The Anti-Christ '' especially approaches Christianity with a particularly ferocious and critical eye.As anyone who has thumbed through a volume of Nietzsche can tell you , his work is n't composed of clear , well-defined propositions to be ultimately accepted or rejected ; instead , his arguments have a kind of ravishing rhetorical force to them . His writing is less apothegmatic here than in other work , but is still never syllogistic or ratiocinated in such a way that we usually associate with philosophy . This is n't a mistake ; he intended his work to speak as much if not more through the force of style than anything else . In his `` attack '' on Socrates in the first book , he calls reason itself a `` tyrant , '' and wonders if Socrates enjoys his `` own form of ferocity in the knife-thrust of the syllogism . `` The greatest part of `` Twilight of the Idols '' is the chapter called `` Morality as Anti-Nature '' in which he says that all moral systems up until now , and particularly Christianity , are wrong precisely because they try to deform and reshape human nature to their own image . For Nietzsche , the moral is the natural , but Christianity - and this is really an attack on all religious systems , though some more than others - stops being moral when it tries to impose concepts that are completely foreign to human beings like the idea that `` everyone is created the same '' or a selfless Christian charity . Whether or not you agree with the thrust of the argument , I found the idea of moral systems as rational attempts to remold nature an interesting one . Of course , people jump on these passages to try to make him look like some kind of nihilist or immoralist , when nothing could be further from the truth . He simply wants the principles and drives of human nature to inform ethical systems , not something foreign to them . Freud may have picked up on this , admitting as he did a great debt to Nietzsche . `` The Anti-Christ '' goes on to attack what I would call religious psychology , and especially the moral precepts of Christianity.If you have n't read Nietzsche and have some sort of caricature of what he says in your head , start with this book , probably one of his most readable , which is ironic when considered in the light of his mental breakdown immediately thereafter . His attacks are never the ones you hear from atheists these days , that `` the idea of God is irrational '' or `` we have no scientific evidence for such a being . '' His criticisms are fresh and invigorating , including accusations that the apostle Paul distorted Christ 's message beyond measure and that Christianity focuses on another world essentially devaluing this one . Again , this is n't about agreement or disagreement with his basic assertions . -LRB- Some of the people on whom he had the biggest influence fundamentally disagreed with what he said . -RRB- It 's the punch that he packs while delivering them . There was a reason why he subtitled the book `` Wie man mit dem Hammer philosophiert '' -LRB- `` How to Philosophize with a Hammer '' -RRB- . Other than Nietzsche 's writing itself , some of the most impressive things about him are the downright preposterousness of the criticisms that people levy against him , the sheer width and breadth of intellectual laziness with which people read him . Just from reading a small sampling of the reviews posted on this book alone , there are accusations of him `` deriding self-control '' and being `` obnoxiously right-wing , '' the first a willful misreading , the second a risible attempt to foist a set of anachronistic political opinions on the ideas of a man who was hugely contemptuous of the German politics of his own day , left and right alike . Those who are trying to discover their token protofascist in Nietzsche would do better to look elsewhere , especially at his contemporaries Paul de Lagarde , Julius Langbehn , and Arthur Moeller van den Bruck , all of whose ideas make Nietzsche 's supposed illiberalism look like mere child 's play -LRB- for details , see either Fritz Stern 's marvelous `` The Politics of Cultural Despair '' or my review of it posted on this site -RRB- . That Nietzsche still serves as a lodestar around which people feel free to hang their own various political opinions can only be a testament to his continued cultural importance .
 I had a hard time trying to come up with a concise rating and review of this 2-in-1 book . On the one hand , Nietzsche sums up and elucidates some fantastic points about the general state of Christian morality and Church teaching -LRB- and thus about the human tendency to `` hate thyself and one 's own nature '' -RRB- . On the other hand , he does appear to suffer from some misunderstandings concerning some particulars of Christianity and Buddhism , worsened to say the least by rampant generalizations and a notable lack of syllogistic explication.Nietzsche definitely broke ground with many of his other contemporaries of the Modern Era in Western Philosophy by not working in syllogisms and theoretical tabulations . Nietzsche is a man who passionately makes stabs at his opponents without worry of backlash or micrological scrutiny . And this is what makes these two works so fun to read!Twilight of the Idols is basically a summation of many of his ideas - anyone wishing to gain an overall sense of Nietzsche 's position on humanity 's relation to the world and itself would do well to read this work.The Anti-Christ is his most ferocious attack on institutional Christianity and it 's many hypocrises . I believe the material still holds relevant today , not as an affront to Jesus ' teachings , but on the establishment and growth of Paulism over the last two millenia.Anyone who is looking to get a good sense of Nietzsche 's philosophy and/or a dynamic view of religious law-practice would do well to read this pair of essays , bearing in mind that generalizations run rampant in his writing . I myself found this to be an enjoyable read , although I noted some inaccuracies in content .
 `` Twilight of the Idols '' and `` The Anti-Christ '' are excellent works . There 's no problem with them . Only there may be with my review , given that I read `` Twilight , '' Saint Augustine 's `` Confessions , '' and `` The Anti-Christ '' in that order . It 's not a good combination . And it may have motivated my negative -LRB- and now deleted -RRB- review of the `` Confessions . '' You see , I 'd just had Nietzsche explain to me that `` the complete woman perpetrates literature in the same way that she perpetrates a little sin . '' Nietzsche takes a while to get used to.In `` Twilight , '' Nietzsche makes the point that there are four great logical errors
 Donald Whitney is clearly a disciplined man who loves God , and who would love to take the time to help you grow in your love for Him as well . His `` Spiritual Disciplines for the Christian Life '' is one of the most helpful books I have ever read . I have now read it for the 3rd time in 7 years . I think I will continue to make this book a regular read . It is extremely readable and exceedingly practical . You get the sense as you read that you have the privilege of sitting with a humble and godly man , providing you with hours and hours of thoughtful advice to help you grow in the disciplines that God will use to keep you in close fellowship with Him.A listing of the chapters will help you understand exactly what this book is about . I hope that reading this list will whet your appetite for more and encourage you to get the book now and begin reading what will likely become one of your favorites as well :1 . Spiritual Disciplines for the Purpose of Godliness2-3 . Bible Intake4 . Prayer5 . Worship6 . Evangelism7 . Serving8 . Stewardship9 . Fasting10 . Silence & Solitude11 . Journaling12 . Learning13 . Perseverance in the Disciplines
 This is not a book that beats you over the ehad or tries intimidation or Spiritual thuggery . Whitney does a wonderful job of identifying key Christian disciplines , and then gives great suggestions for implementation . He gives credible Biblical support for disciplines that should be supported in that manner . He clearly elucidates disciplines that have a basis in experience and tradition . Whitney does not attempt to conquer every discipline . He brings to the table those that make every person grow in the Godly strength that has caused them to pursue disciplines . Easy to read , and most helpful .
 This book really helps take the Christian life and makes it practical . I 'm not saying it makes it easy but there is definitely great direction found in this book . I know that Whitney is a solid teacher because they use this book for many spiritual disciplines classes in seminaries all over the world . If you want to get serious about leading a spiritually disciplined life this book is the way to go .
 This book really makes you reevaluate how you 're living the Christian life . I highly recommend this book for anyone looking to deepen their Christian walk .
 This is a great book for new and old believers . It has strengthened me in my discipline in reading the Bible daily and really understanding it 's context ! I am a new believer .
 Receiving this product was right on time . My opinion of the book was very informational for me .
 This opportunity to explore ways to deepen our spiritual journey is powerful . It is not what one always wants to hear ; however , in the hearing , one suspects that the author is right on calling us to a deeper and more intentional journeying in the faith .
 FREEDOM . The Reward of DisciplineIt 's not uncommon for an accomplished musician to be able to sit down in front of a new piece of music and play it through without a hitch . To make it seem easy , as if it required no effort . Yet , the `` freedom '' to play with such skill comes only after years of disciplined practice.In the same way , the freedom to grow in godliness - to naturally express Christ 's character through your own personality - is in large part dependent on a deliberate cultivation of the Spirtual Disciplines.Far from being legalistic , restrictive , or binding , as they are often perceived , the Spritual Disciplines are actually the means to unparalleled spiritual beauty.So if you 'd like to embark on a lifelong quest for godliness , Spiritual Disciplines for the Christian Life will help you on your way . Drawn from the rich heritage left us by the early church fathers , the Purtitan writers , and Jesus Christ Himself , Spiritual Disciplines for the Christian Life will guide you through a carefully selected array of Disciplines , including : * Scripture Reading * Stewardship * Prayer * Scripture Application * Worship * Fasting * Scipture Meditation * Silence & Solitude * Evangelism * Journaling * Serving * LearningBy illustrating why the Disciplines are important , showing how each one will help you grow in godliness , and offering practical suggestions for cultivating them on a long-term basis , Spiritual Disciplines for the Christian Life will provide you with a refreshing opportunity to embrace life 's greatest pursuit - the pursuit of holiness - through a lifelong delight in the Disciplines . -- rom book 's back cover
 This book is amazing ! It worths a lot to buy this new book in a relatively low price ! I benefit a lot when I borrowed this book from my friend , and decided to have a copy since it is so great ! This book really helps Christians to live a disciplined life as God wants . Hope you will enjoy the journey with God ! God bless you !
 I purchased this book as `` used '' . It is in excellent shape . At the moment I am still reading it . Great .
 Authoring a book that overflows with great advice and suggestions , Whiney captures the true essence of the spiritual disciplines . Not only does he distinguish and explain spiritual disciplines that should be found in a Christian 's life , but he gives the reasoning and biblical context behind them as well . Whitney succeeds in defining the purpose of these disciplines as godliness.The book is divided into thirteen easy to read chapters , most detailing a discipline . The first and last chapters serve as bookends , explaining the purpose of these disciplines and how to persevere in them , respectively . These disciplines are explained as a means to godliness that the Lord expects . The author points out that there is danger in neglecting , freedom in embracing , and an invitation for all Christians to enjoy the spiritual disciplines.The disciplines begin with bible intake , which are split into two chapters because of the depth and importance . Whitney explains the different types of intake which include hearing , reading , studying , memorizing , meditating on , and applying God 's word.After the foundation of bible intake is laid , the author leads us into prayer . He reminds us that prayer is expected , learned , and answered . Whitney then begins to explain how worship if focusing on and responding to God . It is done in spirit and truth . It is expected both publicly and privately and is a discipline to be cultivated . In a sense , prayer and worship go hand in hand . It is hard to do one and not another.Whitney then shifts gears and speaks of evangelism . A recurring theme , he reminds us that evangelism is expected . It is also an empowered discipline . The next discipline , serving , is explained as motivated by obedience , gratitude , gladness , forgiveness , humility and love . Spiritual gifts are then explained as they pertain to serving and he reminds us that it is hard work.After going through so many different disciplines , it is fitting that Whitney wants to remind us of our focus and not allow us to be overwhelmed . Stewardship is the perfect way to do that . Whitney breaks down stewardship into the proper use of time and money.Following stewardship , the author dives into a lesser performed discipline
 This very practical and readable book should be required reading for all Christians desiring to grow in their faith . The author shows how the disciplines are necessary -LRB- and some are even commanded -RRB- for ALL Christians , a point that can not be overemphasized in the modern church.The author provides the Biblical reasons to practice each discipline , provides descriptions and suggestions on how to start practicing the disciplines , and throughout the book encourages perseverance in the disciplines.This book can be used in a group setting , so members can discuss each chapter and their experiences with the disciplines . Finally , I would also recommend the study guide written by the author .
 This book is a definate MUST read for the Christian Person . The information is supported by a wealth of Scripture , and little -LRB- if any at all -RRB- of Whitney 's opinions.Regardless of where a person is at in their journey toward sanctification , this book will convict . This book forces one to ask questions that are not `` comfortable '' . Questions that one might even lie to themselves about.When we strip away the veil that we all tend to hide behind from time to time , when we look in the mirror honestly , we see that Jesus Christ is not manifest in our lives the way that He must be.Donald S. Whitney has broken down the spiritual disciplines into clear , concise and easy to understand chapters . This book has served to wet my appatite for glorifying my God and my Savior Jesus Christ.Contrary to a review above , this book is much more than a `` Why '' Book . That would be incomplete !! Whitney gives SIMPLE methods and grand analogies that make the disciplines easy to apply -LRB- the HOW -RRB- ! Get this book and read through it often!Steven
 As a long-time Christian , I had to admit that my disciplines were somewhat haphazard . This book is not advocating legalism but encourages discipline while offering insight as to why it is important in order to live a rewarding God-pleasing Christian life . Put into practice , it will cause you to constructively strengthen your Christian walk .
 This book has been the book with the most impact on me outside of the Word of God . It has practical steps and illustrations on how to acheive a close and intimate walk with God . It plainly explains that having a close walk with God is not something mystical , but is something everyone should and can experience .
 This was a truly great book for a number of reasons.First , much like J.G. Marking 's `` A Voice Is Calling '' and Richard Foster 's `` Celebration of Discipline , '' this book addresses the Spiritual Disciplines in a new light without sacrificing content or intensity . In fact , this book is every bit as deep and challenging as Marking and Foster 's works.What sets this book apart from the other two is Whitney 's approach . While Marking 's is a bit more conversational and complex , Whitney 's writing style feels like an essay or sermon except one that you ca n't pull away from . You know Whitney is talking to you however you want him to keep talking/even preaching to you.I really enjoyed the tone and overall success of Whitney in terms of incorporating application into the thoughts and spiritual disciplines instead of just abstract ideas.A must read , fantastic for group or individual study -LRB- as is Marking 's `` A Voice Is Calling '' and Foster 's `` Celebration of Discipline '' -RRB- .
 How would you like a road map for your Christian walk ? That is exactly what Donald Whitney , a professor at Southern Baptist Theological Seminary , does in Spiritual Disciplines For the Christian Life . Spiritual Disciplines are defined as disciplines that promote spiritual growth for the purpose of cultivating godliness in our Christian walk . Topics include the disciplines of reading the bible , prayer , service , fasting , journaling , and how important learning is in our daily life . Whitney reaches out to Christians who have busy lives , he states that these disciplines `` are the God-given means by which busy believers become like Christ . `` This book is easily read , but rich in content . I do n't normally write in my books , but after reading a few chapters I found myself highlighting many passages . This is a book that will be kept on my bookshelf and re-read yearly . Whitney will affirm what you are already doing , and encourage you in areas of struggle . If you like practical help in developing your Christian walk , I highly recommend reading this book and then re-reading it again .
 A word that is completely foreign to most 21st century American ears is `` discipline '' . We know what the word means ; we just do n't like to see it in action . One has to look no further than the current economic crisis to see how much we eschew the word . Regardless of the scapegoatism employed by the government and the media , the economic slide has its roots in lack of personal discipline by American consumers . But we do n't want to hear that . We would rather hear how it 's the government or AIG 's fault . It is far easier to rail against an unknown employee 's bonus money than it is to cut up our own credit card.Because of our distaste for personal accountability and discipline , I can imagine that this is not currently a very popular book . If that is the case , as with most things , popularity is no indication of value , because it is certainly a valuable book . In these days when occasional Sunday morning church attendance is the extent of Christian living , a book like this is needed.I must admit that the title is a turn-off . First , it is a turn-off to those for whom discipline is a four-letter word . Second , it is a turn-off to those of us who immediately think of pharisaical legalism when we think of spiritual disciplines . Although I fell into the second camp , I picked up the book at last year 's SBC annual meeting anyway . I 'm glad I did.Whitney 's thesis is that godly people are disciplined people . He looks through history into the lives of heroes of the faith such as Augustine , Luther , Calvin , Bunyan , Wesley , Whitefield , Edwards , Spurgeon and Muller and sees that they all led disciplined lives . Because of that observation , he builds the book around 1 Timothy 4:7 and highlights ten spiritual disciplines to expound . Since the first discipline of Bible intake is also the foundational discipline , Whitney spends more time on it than the others . Of particular value is the kind of Bible intake that is most often overlooked -- that of Scripture meditation . He takes great care to differentiate between meditation upon Scripture and the kind of new age meditation practiced in many circles today . Scripture meditation is concerned with filling the mind while new age meditation is obsessed with emptying it.Whitney creatively and thoroughly covers each discipline . He provides examples and illustrations while purposefully staying rooted and grounded in Scripture . I deeply appreciate the fact that when he lists a personal practice that he has extrapolated from sparse Scriptural support , he does n't try to convince his readers of its validity . He simply states his practice , gives examples and moves on without trying to make his practice authoritative.The book is intensely practical without being a how-to book . It is a book of orthopraxy without being legalistic . It is about having a disciplined life without being ascetic . It succeeds in walking the fine line the author intended . It is up to the readers to maintain that same fine line in their own lives .
 Few books have proven to be as practical to me as Spiritual Disciplines For the Christian Life . Donald Whitney writes with both precision and perspicuity . Even naming a large group of spiritual disciplines might prove difficult for many today . If you find yourself among the many who are eager to more effectively walk with Christ I heartily suggest obtaining this classic Navigators book . -LRB- my full review is here
 This book is a very practical guide to growth in the Christian life . The author , a pastor , seasons his remarks with many personal examples . I learned many tips and hints for personal growth .
 I was required to read this book for a seminary class . Many people found the book to be amazing , and felt that it really strengthened them . I enjoyed the book , but would n't list it as a favorite . However , if you 're looking for insight into how to grow , this would n't be a bad place to start .
 This book provides a tremendous outline for not only for Bible Study Groups , Small Groups , Adult Sunday school classes , but a terrific textbook for college and seminary students who are taking classes on the subject.Dr . Whitney has provided the balance between the theological and the practical making this book very readable and thought provoking . It has been many years since I 've read a book that is more needed among believers in our day.As a Bible college professor and pastor , I have recommended this book to hundreds of folks who find the `` for the purpose of godliness , '' to be true .
 It says in the Bible that we should `` go and make disciples of all nations '' -LRB- Matt 28:19 -RRB- . As a nation I believe that we are doing a pretty good job as making Christians but not disciples . This book makes disciples . Disciples teach and make new disciples , so they need a lot of discipline to do this . This book discusses all the disciplines you could think of . I 'm only 17 and I can respond to this book , so you should too .
 Folks
 Whitney 's book is a classic on the subject of spiritual disciplines . From the start of the book to the end the purpose of the disciplines is made crystal clear - `` Discipline yourself for the purpose of godliness '' -LRB- I Tim 4:7 , NASB -RRB- . The book starts with an analogy for the freedom that discipline can bring - learning to play a musical instrument . Without a goal such practice is meaningless , or as Whitney puts it in the opening line of the book `` Discipline without direction is drudgery . '' He is careful to point out that the disciplines do not by their merit nor direct action earn grace or produce godliness . That alone is God 's role , but spiritual disciplines allow us to place ourselves in the path of God 's grace . The disciplines are one tool of many -LRB- including other people , and circumstances -RRB- that God uses to produce in us greater godliness . There is a paradox that when we bind ourselves with discipline , the result is increasing freedom.Of all the disciplines Whitney refers to the intake of God 's word as the most important ; nothing can substitute for it . `` There simply is no healthy Christian life apart from a diet of the milk and meat of Scripture . '' In addition to Bible intake , he covers prayer , worship , evangelism , serving , stewardship , fasting , silence and solitude , journaling , and learning . Whitney ties in each discipline he to godliness and freedom . This book is also available in Kindle edition and an excellent audiobook format . For another solid book on spiritual disciplines , aimed at busy people with little time to practice the disciplines and even less time to read a book on them , seeSimplify Your Spiritual Life
 I have had this book for 10 years . Each time I read this book , I am convicted to lead a more spiritually disciplined life . It helps me place my focus on Christ and not worldy things . I encourage every Christ follower to read it often .
 Spiritual Disciplines by Whitney is one of the best books I have read in a long time . It is easy to read , straight forward and to the point , and covers topics every Christian needs to know . This book has been the inspiration I needed to do what I should have been doing all along.Whitney addresses reading your bible , meditating on scripture , prayer , worship , evangelism , serving , stewardship , fasting , solitude , journaling , learning and perserverance in the above disciplines . Whitey gets right down to business and matter-of-factly explains what each discipline entails , why it 's important and how to get started or improve upon it . He backs his recommendations with appropriate scripture references and other solid sources , and he uses memorable stories that paint lasting visual images to drive home the main points . Some of them - like the shelf full of unread bibles - really ` get you where you live ' , yet he does n't guilt you into obedience , but rather he inspires you into a great relationship with the Lord.I made a profession of faith at the tender age of 10 and have been a Christian for years , but I never really developed the disciplines like I should have . How many years I wasted ! Sometimes I find myself unsure of things and need someone to ` spell it out ' for me . This book did just that . If you have been imitating other Christians and yet find yourself feeling like you are just going through the motions and wondering what it 's really all about , this book makes everything clear . You 'll kick yourself for not figuring it out because it 's so simple , yet you 'll be glad you finally understand what everyone else seems to naturally know.Most people , upon making a profession of faith , receive a gift bible . If churches whould also hand them a copy of this book to go with it , we 'd have a lot more Christians out there living like they ought to live .
 This book lists excuses and breaks down the how-to 's of growing as a Christian . It will explain in very great detail with multiple examples to follow , of incorporating more of God in our busy lives . Reading just 1 page a day will encourage change and growth . A Christian , reading this book will be given the opportunity to be set a blaze by the Holy Spirit to make life altering changes that will bring them closer to God . This book has changed my life and those in my bible study , I pray that it will do the same for you.Spiritual Disciplines for the Christian Life
 Outstanding book to read , re-reread and meditate over . Scripturally-based . Gives practical suggestions to implement each discipline . We have used it in small-group Bible study with great success !
 I think every Christian should recieve a copy of this book directly after baptism ! It has been so helpful in proving to me the value of the spiritual disciplines , as well as explaining each of them in great detail . It is practical and concise , and has really been a blessing , truly a must have .
 We are about half way through and a majority of members have expressed they like the book . We are using this in conjunction with the study guide . We choose a few key study guide questions to discuss each week.The content is great , the use of scripture to support is pretty good , and the message is clear and pertinent .
 A must read and then put into practice . I began reading this book and it is more than I could ever expect in helping me to see what God 's divine purpose for godliness looks like . I can see where I need to make changes and how to do so . Of course , it will take discipline . That is the choice that is needed if I am to have a chrstian life that is truly disciplined by God snd for God .
 This is a really good and pretty thorough book on spiritual disciplines . A friend of mine had to read it in Bible school , so I wanted to read it.There are a lot of good insights in here . The one I found most helpful was about Scripture meditation . I had never thought of that before . It really does lead you into prayer ! Need a boost for your prayer life ? Meditate on Scripture.I love this book and will be reading it again soon . I 've also given copies to my sister and my mom .
 This would be perfect for anyone who is mentoring / disciplining believers who want to take a serious step in their faith . Whitney makes a great job giving us simple descriptions and encouragement to seek the heart of God .
 this little book is great . i love it because it teaches you how to discipline your spiritual life and showes you in the bible where these disciplines come from . would recommend to all christians and non christians alike .
 What should the life of a Christian look like ? In this helpful book Whitney teaches us that the Christian should look like Christ . And the way to look like Christ is through through Spiritual Disciplines.What are Spiritual Disciplines ? I 'll let Whitney himself explain
 This book is the best book I have read on the subject of spiritual discipline so far . It is Bible based and filled with practical application . It presents the Christian disciplines in a way that is not legalistic . Instead you are moved to discipline yourself for the purpose of godliness , with the ultimate goal of becoming more like our Lord Jesus . I definately recommend this book to any that desires to become more spiritually mature .
 This book is a solid read and works well as a go-to-guide to spiritual disicplines . The section on journaling is dated , but perhaps you could draw a correltation to bloggin . Either way , it is worth a read .
 This book was filled with challenges for anyone who is seriously interested in growing in their daily walk with Jesus Christ . Most Christians are undisciplined in their walk with Christ , but they want a vibrant relationship . In order to become like Christ , it takes steady work and discipline . This book is a must for any Christian who wants to grow in the spiritual life .
 There is a lifetime worth of practical advice on developing spiritual disciplines . Chapter on Bible Intake 1 & 2 , Prayer , Worship , Evangelism , Serving , Stewardship , Fasting , Silence & Solitude , Journaling , Learning and Perseverance in the disciplines .
 Spiritual Disciplines for the Christian Life is the most well-written , applicable and insightful blueprint for developing disciplines like Bible reading , fasting , evangelism , prayer and worship I 've ever studied . I took pages of notes and have dozens of highlighted passages to refer to again and again throughout my spiritual journey . I highly recommend this book for anyone wishing to move from merely knowing about God to deeply experiencing Him .
 I almost always carry a journal or notebook with me so I can scribble down thoughts as they come to me during the day . Some of these turn into articles and others turn into devotional material . More often than not I look at them weeks or months later and have absolutely no idea what they mean or what I was thinking when I scribbled them down . Recently I saw a comment in a notebook that did make sense to me . I had written about the difference between my friend Jason and myself when we sit down with a guitar on our laps and a sheet of music in front of us . I can read the music and strum those strings and make nothing but awful , painful sounds that bear little resemblance to music . Jason , on the other hand , can sit down and make music at will , even with no sheet music in front of him . The difference between Jason and myself is not necessarily inate musical ability or the quality of our guitars . The difference is in disciplined practice . Jason has dedicated thousands of hours to honing his skills so that it seems to require little effort to play the music . The freedom to play with this skill has come only at the expense of dedicated , disciplined effort.Don Whitney uses this same metaphor to show the importance of being disciplined in the pursuit of godliness , for there is freedom in discipline . The freedom to grow in godliness - `` to naturally express Christ 's character through your own personality - is in large part dependent on a deliberate cultivation of the spiritual disciplines . '' -LRB- From the back cover -RRB- And so this book is an examination of spiritual disciplines - disciplines provided by God which are designed to help us grow in godliness , allowing us to become more and more conformed to the image of Christ . The disciplines Whitney writes about are : * Bible intake * Prayer * Worship * Evangelism * Serving * Stewardship * Fasting * Silence and solitude * Journalling * LearningThe book is prefaced with an examination of the reason for disciplining ourselves in the spiritual disciplines and Whitney teaches here that we are to do all things for God 's glory . Because God requires each of these disciplines of us , there is danger in neglecting any of them . Each of the disciplines is then examined in the light of bringing glory to God through them . The book closes with encouragment in persevering in the disciplines , even in the inevitable times of spiritual dryness.Each of the disciplines is drawn from and examined in the light of Scripture . The author shows how the Biblical basis for each discipline , explains how it will help the Christian grow in godliness and provides practical suggestions for beginning the practice . Each chapter closes with a section entitled `` More Application '' where the reader is challenged to put these practices info effect in his life.One of my favorite aspects about Whitney 's writings , in this book and his others , is that he draws heavily from the Puritans and from other great Christians of the past . This is especially important in a discussion of spiritual disciplines as these are practices that were regarded more highly in the past than they are today . When we examine such practices , there is much to learn from these great believers.While the vast majority of sources cited in this book are from Puritan and other Reformed authors , there were several references to Richard Foster . I questioned Whitney about this and he replied as follows
 Donald Whitney is now a professor at a large midwestern seminary but was a local pastor when he wrote this excellent book . I mention that to say this was written out of practical experience and not as some thesis or doctoral work with no bearing on reality.It is extremely readable , practical and applicable . An individual can read it alone and benefit wonderfully from it , or can also use the book in a discussion book and find it equally rewarding.The Disciplines are ancient as avenues to express one 's Christian life , but for modern audiences Richard Foster 's Celebration of Discipline was the hearkening call back to their practice . Dallas Willard 's book followed several years later called The Spirit of the Disciplines , a `` why '' and rationale for the Disciplines . Whitney 's book is the practical way to incorporate the Disciplines into one 's everyday life , to escape the discuss and do nothing mode of many so called believers , and actually change one 's life.I heartily recommend the book . I have used it in training student leaders on the college campus and find its advice timeless yet contemporary .
 Donald Whitney writes in the spirit of Richard Foster and Dallas Willard . He unites the best of both of these fine authors -- the bold practicality of Foster and the theological precision of Willard.In `` Spiritual Disciplines for the Christian Life , '' Whitney develops the classical Protestant teaching on the means for tapping into Christ 's resurrection power . Like an experienced athletic coach , Whitney offers a spiritual workout routine that each reader can format into a personalized plan for growth in grace.Integrating scriptural wisdom , historic practice , Puritan theology , and relevant illustrations , Whitney weaves together a mosaic of `` the habits of devotion and experiential Christianity that have been practiced by the people of God since biblical times '' -LRB- p. 15 , `` Spiritual Disciplines for the Christian Life '' -RRB- . After anchoring his theory in theology -LRB- chapter one -RRB- , Whitney explains ten classic spiritual disciplines
 In short , this book is a highly concencentrated dosage for strengthening us to `` discipline yourself for the purpose of godliness '' -LRB- 1 Tim 4:7 -RRB- . It 's well written with good picks of scriptures , stories/sayings from spiritual leaders , and smooth flow of why and how on eleven disciplines . Relatively short with 235 content pages but really heavy in quality . Highly recommended ! in particular Chapter Ten Silence and Solitude with the opening story `` The Bet '' by Anton Checkhov.Below please find some copy and paste I like most for your reference.Discipline without direction is drudgery . pg 15Godly people are disciplined people . It has always been so ... . Augustine , Martin Luther , John Calvin ... Charles Spurgeon , George Muller ... As `` Iron sharpens iron , so one man sharpens another . Proverbs 27:17 '' pg 17We have not advanced very far in our spiritual livs if we have not encountered the basic paradox of freedom ... that we are most free when we are bound ... The one who would be an athlete , ut who is unwilling to discipline his body by regular exercise and abstinence , is not free to excel on the field or the track . His failure to train rigorously denies him the freedom to run with the desired speed and endurance ... Disicpline is the price of freedom . - Elton Trueblood pg 23
 This book is a simple and practical help toward Christian growth . Each chapter is full of the `` how-to '' aspect of living a life of spiritual discipline . But even more than that , Whitney displays a pastor 's heart on these pages , urging his brothers and sisters onward toward the Christian life to which we are called in Scripture . This is not a difficult book to read by any means , but what it calls us to do is a lifetime mission . Buy this book , read it over and over - maybe once a year - and pursue spiritual discipline ! Doing so will help you grow more and more like Christ , slowly but surely .
 Spiritual Disciplines for the Christian Life is absolutely one of the very best books that I have read in my own personal spiritual journey of 36 years . I would probably rate it in the top three that I have read during this time and I am a very avid reader.This book is about change . We can live our day to day lives and never experience any growth , but this book will definitely include change and growth in a believer 's life.I am going to recommend it to my pastor , minister of education and music minister and any other believer I come in contact with that is serious about growing in their Christian life.The only reason I came across this book was I was cleaning and found it and it looked interesting . I think I got it when my aunt passed away . But , it was definitely a `` I ca n't put this book down , '' type of book in my life.I would really like to see my entire church go through the study guide . I believe it would make so much difference in all of our lives .
 I can not help but give this book 5 stars . I have read it once and am currently reading it again . As I page through it and gaze over the applicable lessons , the pointed truths , the relevance to life , the personal illustrations and more , I am driven with desire to conform my life to Jesus all the more ! Dr. Whitney is completely without apology in presenting several disciplines that all Christians should follow , backing up each with several Scriptures to demonstrate the authority of what it is he is writing.I attended Midwestern Baptist Theological Seminary where Dr. Whitney serves as Professor of Spiritual Formation . He is what he makes himself out to be in his book . He is a humble man , desiring that God be honored and glorified and that men and women grown in Christ-likeness . He is truly one of the most Godly men I have ever met and I am honored and priviliged to have sat under his teaching . God blessed me through him and his teaching tremendously.Why do I say this ? This book is the foundation of everything he teaches , for his desire is indeed Godliness for himself and those he teaches , either in person or in absentia through the books he writes.If you indeed have desire to grow in Jesus Christ , no matter how long you have been a Christian , my strong recommendation is to buy this book and read it carefully . You indeed will be blessed !!
 Whitney 's book meets a need that is not met by any of the other books on the disciplines . I found this book to be a valuable companion and balance to Celebration of Discipline by Richard Foster and to similar works by Dallas Willard on the classic disciplines . Like the others , Whitney writes clearly and his insights are very motivating . But his many illustrations by early Puritan practitioners of the disciplines stands apart and makes it very clear that practicing the disciplines was a mainstay for believers in more than the Mystic or other Christian traditions . Make no mistake , I deeply appreciate Celebration by Foster and am greatly appreciative of Willard 's writings . But I feel much more confident in recommending Spiritual Disciplines for the Christian Life by Whitney to new believers because all of the references are from those with which I have much closer theological affinity . Whitney 's work is an excellent primer and very accessible to readers of all levels.Whitney 's approach is very practical . His insights are profound and it is clear that his understanding of the disciplines has grown out of many years of practice and ongoing study of others who have labored to live them . This book is a rich feast and encouragement to all who would walk the path Jesus walked . I am already promoting it in my conferences on the disciplines . Get it . You wo n't be disappointed .
 In the past I have not been too thrilled to read or hear about spiritual disciplines . It made me feel guilty for falling so far short - I always felt overwhelmed . But this book presents the spiritual disciplines -LRB- Bible reading and meditation , Scripture memorization , prayer , stewardship , evangelism , etc. -RRB- in such a way that not only do I have a clear understanding of why they 're so necessary to Christian growth , but I also am so tremendously inspired to do them ! They 've changed in my perspective from being things I * ought * to do to being things I * want * to do -LRB- and * can * do -RRB- . I frequently read Christian books and have taken a lot of discipleship courses , but I do n't know when I 've learned so much in such a short period of time . This man is an incredible teacher . If it 's your desire to grow as a Christian , please do n't miss this one .
 Modern , American , Protestant Christians have tended to , for most of my lifetime at least , gaze upon the idea of `` spiritual disciplines '' with suspicion , many times believing them to be monastic or mystic or Eastern in nature . But Dr. Whitney 's book effectively provides great insight into the Biblical foundations of the disciplines . In fact , the disciplines espoused herein are Biblically based and taught , modeled , and reinforced through the teachings in Scripture . Each chapter deals with a different discipline , the first two chapters being the exception . The disciplines are expounded upon by the author with one oft repeated purpose , `` for the purpose of Godliness . '' Whitney 's theology is conservative , but no hint of denominational dogma or creedalism comes out in the book , it is simply a Biblically based work.The book also offers ample examples from outside the Bible as well . Examples of how others effectively incoporated the disciplines into their lives . I highly recommend it .
 `` For by grace you have been saved through faith . And this is not your own doing ; it is the gift of God , not a result of works , so that no one may boast . '' -LRB- Eph 2:8,9 ESV -RRB- When I first began reading this book I was concerned that it could easily open itself to be interpreted as a legalistic manuscript that subverted God 's grace and espoused a works based faith . How wrong I was ! Dr. Whitney lays out in numerous cases that we are saved through faith and not by works . Now , after reading the book twice , I find that what J.I. Packer says in the forward can not be improved upon ; '' . . so that I can go on record as urging all Christians to read what Don Whitney has written ; indeed , to read it three times over , with a month 's interval . . between each reading . `` Each chapter is dedicated to a specific discipline . These are
 I would recommend this book to any believer , at any stage of their walk . The book helps the reader understand the importance of practiving personal spiritual disciplines and provides helpful insight into how to go about it .
 Many have been blessed by these great comperhensive truths . Our Deacons are gone through the book together as a study
 Whithey organized this book in an easy to follow format . He covers things believers seldom get from pulpit or Bible study groups anymore . For this I am grateful .
 A great read to help you with you Christian walk . It gives many more spiritual disciplines than one normally thinks of and gives great examples and ways for you to become more disciplined in these areas in your life . Highly recommended
 This book thoroughly integrates the multiple prescriptions that lead to a healthy Christian life and is great for personal study , accountability groups and small groups .
 easy to read and understand , with great how to advice , very practical application and more an encouraging note than a condemning one .
 Any Christian , new or old , needs to read this book ! It will absolutely change the way you go about life !
 This excellent book by Don Whitney was the first book I read in 2010 and I commented that I would likely re-read it again later in the year . It took until 2011 , but a few days ago , I opened it and read it again . This exceptional book could be a benefit to any Christian hoping to grow in their Christian walk . His key verse is `` Discipline yourself for the purpose of godliness '' -LRB- 1 Timothy 4:7 -RRB- . Whitney covers 11 different disciplines , with 2 bookend summary chapters . Actually , this would be a perfect amount that the interested reader could cover a discipline a month throughout the year , with a month for wrap up.Quotable quotes : - So many professing Christians are so spiritually undisciplined that they seem to have little fruit and power in their lives -LRB- 21 -RRB- . - Here then , is the real problem of our negligence . We fail in our duty to study God 's word not so much because it is difficult to understand , not so much because it is dull and boring , but because it is work . Our problem is not a lack of intelligence or a lack of passion . Our problem is that we are lazy . - Sproul -LRB- 36 -RRB- . - Scripture memory is like reinforcing steel to a sagging faith -LRB- 43 -RRB- . - One of the reasons for a lack of godliness is prayerlessness -LRB- 66 -RRB- . - Focusing on the world more than on the Lord makes us more worldly than godly -LRB- 95 -RRB- . There are many others , though I hope you will all discipline yourself and read this book to discover them for yourself .
 Calling in the Night has seventy-six different parts to it . Some are for children who are innocent and easy-going , the others are for adults who are outspoken and honest about problems and desires . You will most likely read this book through once , probably in five hours or so , then go back and read parts of it here and there many more times . I think about the stories throughout my day , then I return to the book and read them again at night . They stay with you and in my opinion that 's what makes a great book !
 Plaza Literary SocietySheila Zallis-Vice PresidentReview for Calling in the NightAs the holidays approach , and we find that we have less and less time to read long and complicated novels , the idea of an enjoyable and compelling story in the form of many short stories becomes more and more attractive to us . Promoted as a collection of stories to be kept on the nightstand and read before bed , Calling in the Night not only lives up to its intention , but also offers an unexpected surprise
 You really feel like you get more than what you pay for when you read Calling in the Night . There are stories within this book that cater to your every mood and desire . Feeling angry ? Sentimental ? Passionate ? Turn the page and there you have another and another lovely chapter full of love , insight and observation . In fact , if one word could describe the stories in this book , it would probably be `` observant . '' There are huge events written about that are picked apart to the very last detail , and there are small , almost nothing-type events that are observed and written about until they are huge and meaningful . Really a very observant and nicely written book that is worthy of a solid five stars .
 I received Calling in the Night as a 3-book birthday gift from my daughter , and I must say I have found the book to be extremely charming . With so many different facets -LRB- poems , essays , stories , quotes -RRB- , it is a difficult collection to summarize , but I think it 's important to note that a large part of the book has a spiritual and/or religious tone , as well as a very moderate politically conservative tone . That being said , since I have the same viewpoints , I was able to identify with the stories very easily . The stories and poems about love -LRB- and lost love -RRB- moved me to tears . Anyone who has felt these emotions will be affected by these stories . I also really enjoyed the life lessons because , even though they were lessons I have learned once or twice before , I was never able to condense their meaning into one short paragraph , like Michele J. Geraldi has at the end of each lesson . My favorite part of Calling in the Night , however , is the intended audience . As I read , I got the distinct feeling that the author was writing for one person and one person alone , God , and I appreciated that so much that it came to the point where I felt privillaged to share in that special purpose .
 Calling in the Night is a cute book that I am glad I found . Most of the book is sweet , about love and innocence , etc. , but other parts are more serious and real about disliking someone , or not forgiving a bad person , etc. . Just a really comprehensive collection of human feelings that is easy to identify with .
 I am delighted to have read this book and will find delight in reading it again very soon . Recommended to all !
 Calling in the Night
 Not your run-of-the-mill book . Some sections are autobiographical , some are not . Some parts are fiction , some are not . Some parts are written through a woman , some a man , some a child , and so forth . Best way to sum it up
 Calling in the Night
 I had read an excerpt from this book long back and had been hunting for this book ever since . Finally when I got it , the book was a satisfying read . I liked the author 's sense of humor and her feminist thoughts and how she survived two years in Saudi Arabia . Ironically the book describes the Saudi of the 80s but nothing much has changed over there till now atleast from a woman 's perspective . Go ahead and read this book if you want to explore Saudi Arabia from an American woman 's viewpoint .
 This was a great book about women 's lives in Saudi Arabia and the hardships they have to endure even if/when they are wealthy . I have read so many of these kind of books that it is also helping me to understand the differences between different mid Eastern countries i.e. Iran , Iraq , Saudi Arabia etc. .
 It is interesting but these nurses are very naughty . Gives nurses a bad reputation . No wonder the countries in these regions look up us as immoral .
 I read this book a while ago , and being a nurse , I could relate to all of the difficulties of practicing medicine outside of the USA ! The adventures of this young woman kept me turning the pages until I finished it the same day I bought it ! Material is very pertinent to the happenings in the Middle East today .
 This book is like a juicy diary of a young American feminist trying to understand the strange world of the Middle East - especially such a crazy country as Saudi Arabia . Bold , adventourous and at times just a little plain crazy , this woman navigated her way through humble Saudi homes and opulent palaces with equal aplomb . Unlike many of her Western counterparts who never left their Westernized componds , she engaged in meeting the countries residents - some very kind , some a bit scary , but she kept her cool and navigated the unknown when an opportunity presented itself to travel to Mecca , a forbidden city to non-Muslims and managed to pull off many other adventures under the guise of the veil that her Western co-workers would never have contemplated.She certainly had some adventures , took advantage of the `` forbidden '' liquor that was so prevalent , smoked hash hish w / princes and just generally had a great time in the late 70 's and early 80 's before the strict Wahabbi religious rulers took over and imposed the very strict rules now so prevalent in Saudi today.She describes these adventures , her nursing challenges and the many sexual encounters she enccountered , but often rebuffed , as well as her travels to over 25 foreign countries during her tenure as a 30 year old blonde , single blue eyed nurse working in the formidable Kingdom of Saudi Arabia . Take yourself off to a different culture , a different time and a definite adventure , as this story has all of those components.Single in Saudi
 This book -LRB- as the subtitle says -RRB- is a humorous collections of cliches and un-truisms that can be gathered from watching movies . The book takes only about five minutes to read and some of the observations are hilarious , some are right on the money , and some just do n't make sense outside of movies . Each statement has a picture from a movie beside it that illustrates what is said . For instance , `` The village Idiot is a veritable font of wisdom '' quote is next to a picture of Forrest Gump . Some of the observations many of my friends did not understand . Unfortunately , if you are like me and get most of them , you 've probably seen too many movies .
 `` No problem is so big that it ca n't be solved in 12 reels -LRB- or less -RRB- '' . This is a typical statement that one reads in large font opposite of a movie still that complements it . This book is funny and will make you laugh and maybe even says `` Huh ! Thats true ! '' , or `` Oh yeah ! '' The book is not really a read , so to speak , but a gander across some 200 pages which will take minutes to complete . The title itself is a play on Robert Fulghum 's -LRB- forever parodied -RRB- popular self-help book `` Everything I Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten '' . Not something I would go out of my way for , however it has some insight into the world of movies and how there are some things that typify the cinematic lifestyle .
 A hilarious collection of movie cliches , each presented in its own apropos type font , and every one ilustrated with an aptly chosen film still -LRB- everything from the silent 10 COMMANDMENTS to SHOWGIRLS -RRB- The author is the creator of the infamous RAZZIE Awards , which dis-honor the WORST in Film in each year ... How many more laughs could you expect at this price ?
 I hope you have as much fun reading this humorous collection of film cliche 's as I had writing it and collecting the movie stills which illustrate it . I know I wrote it , but I still laugh out loud at my favorite entries every time I pick it up . WHY NOT PICK UP A COPY YOURSELF
 The seller delivered in good time and the product was just as described . I was very pleased .
 The citizens of Tamir celebrate when Prince Rashid ibn Ahmed Kamal 's announcement of his impending marriage to Princess Julia Sebastiani . He only neglected one important detail - securing the Princess ' agreement first . When Julia reads of her impending nuptials in a newspaper , outrage does not begin to cover the gamut of emotions she feels.Julia vows she will never marry the son of her father 's sworn enemy . The accusations and counter-accusations between the Kamals and the Sebastianis prevents anyone from knowing the truth of the origin of the family feud . Despite his father 's feelings , Prince Rashid vows to end the family feud . If he must investigate the past to secure a future with the Princess , then so be it . The peace between two countries depends upon his destermination.Author Alexandra Sellers brings her remarkable talent for writing about the sexy men of the desert to bear once again in BORN ROYAL , the concluding novel of the Firstborn Sons continuity . Prince Rashid is every woman 's dream
 This book is a pleasant and often amusing read , a nice mix of day to day observations , occasional spice , certainly cheap at twice the price .
 All I know of this book is that it has a lot of family history , and it is very hard to find . I 've heard that it is available in limited viewing at Saint John The Baptist Catholic church in Johnsburg Illinois but could n't find it . In any case if you can find it I 'm sure it will cost an arm and a leg .
 Lo lei cuando dos decadas atras cuando era adolsecente . Hoy soy un medico y se lo recomiendo altamente a mis pacientes jovenes .
 I 've owned this book since it first came out , and it 's a must for any true fan of the film . It includes some pictures from the movie as well as the music and lyrics for `` Carrying The Banner , '' `` Santa Fe , '' `` My Lovey Dovey Baby , '' `` The World Will Know , '' `` Seize The Day , '' `` King of New York , '' `` High Times , Hard Times , '' and `` Once And For All . '' It 's helped me with more than one performance , and I even used it to compose Newsies ringtones for my cell phone.On the down side , there ARE a few typos - from small things like spelling Spot 's last name `` Conlan '' to more important transgressions like the complete lack of one chorus of `` Carrying The Banner . '' Still , I 've always found it well worth the money .
 Many piano-vocal reductions for musicals are completely different from the original score . This one stays surprisingly true , though the left hand is missing a lot of interesting rhythms , and not many vocal harmonies are present . The keys of all songs are the same as the movie , and all intros , choruses , and verses are intact . Some of the interludes and dances are shortened or omitted , however . If you 're looking for the karaoke CD , try iTunes .
 From the back cover : As an environmental activist in the 1980 's , the author felt he should be accomplishing more than just greening his local neighborhood , and conceived the idea of becoming a `` global prayer activist , '' someone who prays for the whole world in a powerful and systematic way . This book gives the fruits of a fifteen-year journey through the world 's religious traditions , learning how to pray for the whole world effectively . The chapters describe various approaches to praying for global transformation including
 If you only have time to read one book , this is the one . Every topic is boiled down to only the pure gold . All the useless facts that you ca n't remember anyway are left out . Presented in an easy to understand , easy to remember format . This is really all you need . I plan on reading every new issue when available . By the way , I 've read Schwartz , Norton , Sabiston , and ACS over the past few years . All are good , but I already work long enough hours for my free time to be spent reading such lengthy texts .
 Excellent text overall and in details . Very helpful in everyday practice and in Board preparation .
 I found this book in the kids ' section while looking for Christmas presents . Knew nothing about it , and sled dogs are not my dog-of-choice , but was immediately compelled to buy it even tho it cost more than I 'd planned . Amazingly full of good information , understanding of dogs and pulling , but there was a twinkle in the eye of the author , too . Imagine the runway team surrounding the ice-fisherman and eating all his catch!The illustrations too are extraordinary . Such obvious awareness of the inner workings of dogs is unusual . The expressions of each dog are wonderful.Highest recommendation for sled-dog enthusiast or any dog person , young or old .
 `` Born to Pull '' was recommended to me by the owner of the kennel where our family would be going for our first mushing experience . Though aimed at upper elementary kids , the amount of information is amazing . The illustrations enhance the content beautifully ; particularly stunning is a painting of a team pulling under the Northern Lights.Most enjoyable are the stories interspersed throughout ; stories from well-known mushers such as Gary Paulsen and Jamie Nelson . Stories of dogs that decided to run the wrong way at the end of a race , and of dogs who found the way home in a raging storm.Reading this book did not guarantee that I would not wipe out on the sled , but when I did , I knew just what the snow hook was !
 `` Born to Pull '' was a joyous surprise . I expected the usual photos and line drawing illustrations accompanying the `` how to '' text , but was delighted to see the exquisite watercolors of my favorite subject , sled dogs . The artist and author make an excellent team in this effort , rather like champion duel lead dogs ! A must for any mushers ' library , armchair or otherwise . Perfect for gifts .
 This book has the most beautiful pictures in a book that I 've seen !!!!!! I do not know how someone could be so talented to be able to draw those kinds of pictures !
 `` Born to Pull '' is vintage Bob Cary , maybe his best work ever . As always the question is , is it Cary 's marvelous prose or his illustrations that make this book great ? Wait . It 's illustrated by someone else - Gail de Marcken . But Bob , please do n't try to tell us you had no hand in the art work.Even if the reader is a die-hard dog sled fan there are things to be learned in this book . Even die-hard Cary fans will be moved by the stories of mushers and their dogs.This is a beautifully put-together book . It even feels good to hold . The centerpiece is the collection of great stories . Cary lets his subjects speak for themselves as he guides the reader through the details ; he is the master of this technique.Five paws up .
 This book is great , it has beautiful pictures and info . However , I did find a few things that were not to great . First of all , when describing the Alaskan Malamute , the illustration had a pure black dog ... Malamutes are NEVER pure black , they can be all white but that 's the only exception for all one color , the only labeled pic of malamutes are an all white and all black , no markings ! They also had very vague info on them . Malamute 's real name is ALASKAN MALAMUTE , no where in the book did it say ALASKAN in front of malamute , well howcome you put SIBERIAN and ALASKAN in front of the husky ? And two , I got a pup this August and I 'm going to start training , so I read the chapter called `` How to train Sled Dogs '' it had absolutely nothing about training them except for , start training as pups ! Blank spot ! On what do you train them ? All in all though , this was a beautiful book , I just use it for the pictures now .
 This non-fiction book is used every year in my 4th grade class . It is a great addition to the Iditarod unit that I teach ! It 's loaded with artistic drawings and anecdotes . The kids love it ! Highly recommend .
 Very informative . Well written with beautiful illustrations . I am looking forward to a dogsledding in Ely this winter .
 Great inormation for adults and kids a like . We loved this book as a family and find that all of us pick it up to read and look at . Great inspiration .
 This collection consists of the 1863 novella `` Polikoushka '' -LRB- which the Maudes chose to translate as `` In the Days of Serfdom '' -RRB- and the stories `` A Prayer , '' `` Korney Vasilyev , '' `` Strawberries , '' `` Why ? '' and `` God 's Way and Man 's , '' each written in 1905 or 1906 . It might seem an odd choice to juxtapose works written over 40 years apart , especially since Tolstoy 's great religious conversion -- generally seen as the major dividing line in his writing career -- took place around 1880 , but there 's actually more continuity here than one might expect . `` Polikoushka '' deals with events surrounding the recruitment of troops from an estate into the army . A member of a peasant family is chosen as the estate 's last recruit instead of the title character , a domestic serf , but a tragedy that occurs to Polikoushka changes the course of things . `` A Prayer '' is Tolstoy 's brief attempt to come to terms with the tragedy of a child 's death . `` Korney Vasilyev '' deals with a man who returns home to make amends many years after crippling his daughter and leaving his wife upon learning of his wife 's adultery . `` Strawberries '' sets the idle chatter of liberal aristocrats against the simple life of the berry-gathering peasant children living near them . `` Why ? '' tells the story of a Polish revolutionary who is sent to Siberia and of the woman who joins him there to marry him and some years later tries to escape with him . `` God 's Way and Man 's '' is about two imprisoned 1870 's radicals , one of whom finds peace in Tolstoy 's Sermon on the Mount-based version of Christianity shortly before his execution , and the other of whom is shattered to learn of the futility of his revolutionary pursuits.All of these works show Tolstoy 's impressive sensitivity toward his characters , and we see much of his disillusionment with the artificial customs of Russian life , from the pointless meeting of the steward with the proprietress in `` Polikoushka '' to the absurd wording of the death sentence in `` God 's Way and Man 's . '' `` Polikoushka '' is unusual among Tolstoy 's pre-conversion work for focusing on peasants , which helps it seem at home among his later works . As for the other five stories , although by the time he wrote them Tolstoy had come to believe that the only worthwhile purpose of art was to provide a clear moral and infect the audience with the spirit of brotherly love , these stories -LRB- especially the longer ones -RRB- are really more nuanced than that . Just as Tolstoy had a hard time putting the values of Tolstoyism into practice in his personal life , it seems that in his art he could n't help writing works more complex and interesting than what he believed to be appropriate -LRB- though he still certainly makes his message come through -RRB- . The back of the book claims that these stories are `` now in paperback for the first time since their original publication , '' which is n't really true
 I read this book over a year ago , so I ca n't write all that I could have when I had just finished it . But I noticed there were no reviews of this book available , and that 's a shame because this is a masterpiece of subtle -LRB- and not-so-subtle -RRB- humor about a stiff and pompous German professor and his colleagues , their interpersonal intrigues , and their various adventures . It 's one of my few `` keepers '' . As with other books by this author , you ca n't judge this book by the description of the story , which I admit sounds dry . The same plot , implemented by another author , might have been a complete flop . But McCall Smith can take the most mundane or obscure story and bring it to life , adding twists of irony and color that entertain and charm the reader.This book -LRB- which contains a trilogy , actually -RRB- is not the light and merry read that we 're used to from McCall Smith 's `` No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency '' series , but every bit as entertaining.Any experience or knowledge that readers may have of German culture and customs will make this book even more of a delight to read -- unless , of course , you 're a German without the ability to laugh at your own culture .
 Contains three stories : Portuguese Irregular VerbsThe Finer Points of Sausage DogsAt the Villa of Reduced CircumstancesThey are all funny , but The Finer Points of Sausage Dogs is absolutely hilarious.Completely mad , and has a lot of in-jokes for academics , but enjoyable for anyone . Laugh 'til it hurts !
 Alexamder McCall Smith is probably best known now as the author of the wonderful series , the No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency , but proving his immensely fine writing and observation skills are not simply a fluke , he has also written some other series . This is one , there are three books in here , Portuguese Irregular Verbs , the Finer Points of Sausage Dogs and At the Villa of reduced circumstances.This series follows the adventures of Professor Dr Moritz-Maria von Iglefled , author of Portuguese Irregular Verbs , -LRB- which has sold over 200 copies -RRB- and his friends -LRB- and arch rivals -RRB- Unterholzen and Prinzel - as they attend philology conferences , or establish themselves in the finely details pecking order of academia - all done in the best of good manners with almost no open hostility.Truly this is a marvellous peice of writing . The story where - as friends , von Iglefeld , Prinzel and Unterholzen read a book on tennis and its rules and then decide that they can play and indeed will play - all they need to know of tennis can be gained from books after all.It has been reviewed as cultivated pomposity , but there is also a marvellous edge of appealingness about them . I think we can all relate to their battles , their own pride and firm assurance in their very rightness . I think there appeal is not that they are pompous and ridiculous , but rather - there but for the grace of god go I!If you like this series I am sure you will enjoy another author - E E Benson who wrote the Lucia series , another very finely observed series of books where the small politics of a isolated community dominate the actions of everyone . They are glorious good fun to read!Highly enjoyable good-natured , good-humoured and good reading .
 I could n't put this down once I started . It was delightfully and lovingly humorous , not unlike Garrison Keillor 's Lake Wobegone gentle pokes at out-state Minnesota . -LRB- I ought to know ; I grew up in that territory . -RRB- I think that you need some understanding of European academia to fully appreciate McCall 's humour in these books , but I still recommend it to everyone . If you are n't familiar with the German university system now , perhaps these books will inspire you to learn more about it . And , then when fully enlightened you can re-read 2-1/2 Pillars of Wisdom .
 Although I had read the 3 little books , e.g. Portuguese Irreg.Verbs , Sausage Dogs & Villa ... , I loved the combined re-read -- as did my husband ! It 's a great `` laugh-a-loud '' !!!
 I think this may be McCall Smith 's funniest work , and strangely his most endearing . His affection for his characters - three very thin , very tall , very overeducated linguists - is obvious in every paragraph . The humor that ensues from Professor Doctor Doctor von Igelfeld 's adventures and misadventures is honest and endearing , while gently reminding us not to take ourselves quite so seriously .
 I was very pleased with the quality of this used book and the packing/shipping of this item.yes , I would order from this seller again .
 I had to waited a long time to read this book . It was worth the wait . I could not put it down . If you can find this book now , you have to read it . Sometimes you alway wander what happened to the wicked witch , in this book you find out , and you almost feel sorry for her . -LRB- Almost -RRB- GREAT BOOK !!!! Must Read .
 The best part of the story is when Vanessa gets what she deserves at the end . I laughed and laughed.You 've got to read this book !!
 THIS BOOK WAS SO ENJOYABLE THAT I STAYED UP LATE JUST TO FINISH IT . HANSON AND GRETCHEN , WILL MAKE YOU SMILE , MATILDA WILL MAKE YOU WISH THAT YOU HAD SOME OF HER DELICIOUS CANDY , DECLAN WILL MAKE YOU WISH THAT YOU HAD SOME OF THAT APHRODISIAC FOR YOUR HUSBAND -LRB- SMILE -RRB- . WITH DECALAN AND MATILDA STORY YOU MAY WANT TO REREAD ALL OF OUR OLD FAERIE TALES ONCE AGAIN.THIS IS A KEEPER 4 ... STARS
 Matilda Candy does n't mind that the people of Tanglewood , Mississippi , believe that she 's a witch.The rumors provide Matilda with a measure of privacy and freedom from unwanted visitors . She learned much of her grandmother 's craft , who 's name she also bears . So when a stranger comes to the door looking for her grandmother , she offers her help.Declan Harper has little patience for ineptitude and determines to own the town and run it by his own exacting standards . He 's going to own the town that once scorned him , and every business in it . When he overhears two children , Hason and Grechen , talking with their mother about a witch , he recalls Matilda Candy fondly , as the only townsperson who treated him well and believed in his positive future . The only thing Declan wants , that he does n't yet have , is Vanessa Arrington . So he hopes Matilda Candy can help . After he realizes the old woman has passed away , he asks the young Matilda for a love potion . Declan insists , despite her assurances that there are no magic potions to affect the workings of the heart . She can , however , create an aphrodisiac -- a lust potion.To Declan 's way of thinking , Vanessa is the paragon of feminine beauty . In addition , marriage to her offers the perfect revenge . Her father had always referred to him as `` that Harper boy '' , calling him and his sisters poor white trash . The elder Arrington had n't yet equated the wealthy Declan with the boy he 'd maligned years ago . Declan looked forward to enlightening him , maybe after the wedding.As Matilida turns the pages of aged and dusty books , she finds a note from her grandmother cautioning her about trifling with ways of the heart . Matilida and Declan are kindred spirits , both knowing what is to be on the outside looking in . Both have strong purpose in their lives . What Matilida would really like to give him is a common-sense potion , rather than a love potion to win a vain , vacuous ninny . Nevertheless , she draws up the potion , which they test on themselves . Let the fireworks begin!This whimsical , entrancing tale will satisfy the romance fan demanding something unusual and wonderful . With a skillful blend of the fanciful and the mundane , author Linda Jones weaves a marvelous tale of love and happy ever after , with a twist . Remarkable in imagination , INTO THE WOODS is very highly recommended .
 Declan Harper seeks revenge on the town of Tanglewood , his childhood home , for the ill treatment the upperclass had shown his family when he was a child . They were forced to leave town when he was but a young boy and now as an adult Declan vows to prove to one man in particular that he now has a higher station in life . He hears the urchin twins Hanson and Gretchen spinning tales of the local witch and remembers the gentle old lady that had been nice to him in his youth . He wants to wed the most beautiful woman in town so he needs the Candy lady to make him a love potion to help his plan succeed.Matilda Candy knew the town thought she was a witch but she ignored them and continued on as her dear sweet grandmother had taught her . She lived alone quite content making candy , rose water and lotions to sell to the grocer in town . She was exceedingly patient with the precocious Hazelrig twins and often made them sweets when they helped her with odd chores . However hergreatest challenge comes when a handsome man approaches her and wants her to make him a love potion so he can make the lovely Vanessa fall in love with him . Matilda agrees to help Declan even though she knows the woman is far from what she seems or what Declan needs.Ms Jones expertly weaves a wonderful romance story into a favorite childhood faerie tale of mine ... Hansel and Gretel . The story had interesting characters that kept me entertained through out the book . A beautiful lovestory that was very magically told ... definitely a keeper !
 The year is 1875 . The setting is Tanglewood , Mississippi . Declan Harper 's returned to his home town with vengeance on his mind . The son of a drunken farmer and Irish woman , he remembers being called `` poor white trash '' by one of the wealthy plantation owners , Warren Arrington , when he was a child . Declan , now a wealthy man himself and neighboring plantation owner , wants Arrington to choke on those words he 'll never forget.Marrying Arrington 's daughter , Vanessa , and then announcing his true identity to Warren seems like perfect revenge to Declan . The problem is Vanessa is so beautiful she men falling at her feet . Declan will stop at nothing have Vanessa as his wife . Even if it means seeing the local witch for a love potion.Matilda Candy does n't see herself as a real witch even though the women in her family are all gifted with some power or another . Matilda true talent is the sweets and beauty treatments she makes and sells to the general store weekly . When Declan approaches her for a love potion for Vanessa , she agrees to help him.Vanessa whips up a potion from one of her grandmother 's books . But will it really work ? Declan want 's to test it first , so he and Matilda both take a dose to see what happens . Oh boy ! Things get hot between Declan and Matilda from here on in .
 This is story is oh so good ... This book has romance . Unlike other stories out there , there is an actual buildup to `` love '' . Admittedly they find each other attractive almost immediately , but that 's a common occurrence in these kinds of books . It 's how it builds from there that really got me . The characters flirt . They have quiet scenes . And the best part is they are n't always on top of each other . But , yes they do get on top of each other but even then the naughty bits are written quite well -LRB- not overly descriptive erotica , but explicit enough to be sexy -RRB- This book has intrigue . One of the main characters even has a revenge plot that actually has consequence to the story . There are many romances out there that forget about their subplots , this is n't one of them . It 's well woven into the main narrative.This book has well rounded characters . In lots of stories there 's an insistence that the female leads declare themselves to be strong , only to never prove it in their actions . The female lead in this one has a silent strength that you can feel throughout the book . She makes her own decisions , right or wrong , and does n't wait for the writer/fate to make them for her . The male is human . He feels like a real person . Most romances forego giving their `` prince charmings '' a personality . You have to supply your own dreamboat in those cases , but this one is an actual human and screwed up . Even the some of the townspeople and the side characters have humanity in them and go through their own arcs.This book has annoying children . Okay , this I could have done without , still they do make the world a bit richer . They were a tiny bit two dimensional but do have a nice story arc so I guess I can forgive them .5 stars . Oh so ... soo ... sooo good ...
 This book proved a surprise and would lead me to read more from the author . Great tension , enjoyable characters and good character development . This is n't usually the time period I read , but I like the reviews . The book has some good twists and turns and proves that even the good guy may take a while to get to the right place . A worthy read .
 A little too much romance for my normal type of book but it is still worthy of 5-stars based on how I could n't put it down !
 This was a romance that was inspired a little bit by the fairy tale Hansel and Gretel . Matilda Candy is the woman in the woods who makes candy and other things . But unlike in the fairy tale her beauty is very real . And the candy and sweets she bakes are from scratch and not due to magic . She receives frequent visits from the kids next door as they like her candy . So much so that the kids end up a little alarmed when they see her spending more and more time with Declan and less time on baking the treats they love so much . She 's working on a love potion for Declan to use on Vanessa -LRB- a woman he 's come to see as a potential wife -RRB- . Declan has come back to town as a fairly successful man , but memories from his past have made him determined to go through the big plans he has for Tanglewood . Marrying Vanessa would be a big step towards him achieving those plans.While the love potion does n't seem to work on Vanessa , it does on Matilda . Are the feelings growing between them real or are they just under a spell ? And what happens when Warren Harrington remembers who Declan is ? Will Declan decide to continue to explore these feelings with Miss Candy or is he determined to continue to try and make Vanessa his , even as he starts to realize that Vanessa 's beauty may only be skin deep . Will it ever rain in Tanglewood ever again?I really enjoyed reading the story and rooted for the couple to get their happy ending . How Vanessa 's part of the story came to an end was pretty funny as well . I found this story to be very enjoyable and the two romantic leads to be quite likeable as well . The inclusion of the little kids was pretty cute as well .
 It was a great story from the children 's parts to the main charachters . I found it funny in some parts but others were quite serios . I reccomend this book .
 I 'd never read anything by this author before , but downloaded the title when it was briefly on the free list . What a pleasant surprise ! The twist on the old fairytale was so enjoyable , that I read the book in a single weekend , despite working 10 hrs on Saturday ! I especially enjoyed the subtle comical style that frequently caught me off guard , and made me laugh out loud as the visuals built in my mind . Read this book ; I think you will find it quite enjoyable !
 I was was pleasantly surprised with this delightful book and loved the idea of Matilda Candy , the town `` witch '' who made me want to roll up my sleeves and make candy , bread and everything under the sun all day long ! I enjoyed the love story aspect of it and while the reader knows that both Matilda and Declan will be with each other in the end , the author threw a few curve balls in to the mix that made the story both intriguing and enjoyable as well . The book was an easy read and I found I could n't put it down after I began -LRB- which caused me to read late into the night and finish it the next day ! -RRB- . All in all a great romance novel that I would gladly read again and will definitely recommend !
 King David and his rise from shepherd boy to King of Israel . How he slew Goliath , became a leader of armies , had to flee for his life , how he wrote the Psalms -LRB- holy songs -RRB- , became a great king and an ancestor of Jesus .
 Richard M. Watt wrote `` Dare Call It Treason '' about the mutinies in the French Army in 1917 and `` The Kings Depart '' about the German Revolution of 1918-1919 . This book is a history of Poland from 1918 to 1939 . Poland had once been an enormous and powerful nation stretching from the Baltic Sea to the Black Sea , and second only to France in population -LRB- p. 16 -RRB- . Lacking natural frontiers like mountains and major rivers it was frequently invaded in wars . Its aristocracy was huge and quarrelsome , and elected the Polish king . The wars in the mid 17th century caused a 25 % loss of population -LRB- p. 17 -RRB- and led to a decline . Poland was partitioned between Prussia , Austria , and Russia -LRB- p. 18 -RRB- . Patriots sought a new Constitution in 1791 but Russia invaded for the Second Partition . There was a new war in 1794 but the defeat led to the Third Partition and an end to Poland -LRB- p. 19 -RRB- . Thomas Jefferson and others spoke out against this . Emigr&eacute; Poles formed the Polish Legions of Napoleon and this led to the creation of the `` Grand Duchy of Warsaw '' . The Congress of Vienna created a small Kingdom of Poland -LRB- p. 20 -RRB- . The revolts of 1830 and 1863 were unsuccessful and ended this Kingdom -LRB- p. 21 -RRB- . Both Russia and Prussia began a culture war to de-Polonize the population -LRB- p. 22 -RRB- . This strengthened national consciousness -LRB- p. 23 -RRB- . Austria allowed its peoples their nationalist sentiments and had few problems -LRB- p. 24 -RRB- . A population explosion in Poland led to emigration , mostly to America . The united Polish Socialist Party was formed to work for independence -LRB- p. 25 -RRB- , but split into factions -LRB- p. 26 -RRB- . One man stood out as a leader -LRB- p. 27 -RRB- . J&oacute;zef Pilsudski believed that Polish independence could only result from a general European war where Germany and Austria defeated Russia and were beaten by France -LRB- p. 39 -RRB- . It seemed fantastic . The National Democratic Party were political opponents -LRB- pp.40-42 -RRB- . The Great War began in August 1914 -LRB- Chapter 2 -RRB- and led to Polish independence -LRB- Wilson 's 13th point -RRB- . But the question of boundaries remained . France wanted an ally in Russia , but the Bolshevik Revolution changed that . Instead they wanted an alliance with the countries west of Russia . -LSB- No thought of an independent Bavaria and Rhineland ? -RSB- A great Poland would be stronger but contain minority peoples who wished to be part of a neighboring country -LRB- p. 71 -RRB- . The new nation had many problems -LRB- Chapter 4 -RRB- . The Polish-Soviet War -LRB- 1919-1920 -RRB- was over the eastern boundary of Poland -LRB- Chapter 5 -RRB- . Pilsudski wanted an independent Lithuania , Ukraine , and Belorussia allied to Poland -LRB- p. 93 -RRB- . Poland 's eastern border was settled -LRB- Chapters 6,7 -RRB- . Chapter 8 discusses politics . Chapter 9 tells about the economic devastation caused by the war and afterwards . Pilsudski 's coup succeeded because of support from workers -LRB- Chapter 10 -RRB- . Economic conditions improved by chance -LRB- p. 245 -RRB- . Pilsudski became more autocratic -LRB- Chapter 12 -RRB- . The Great Depression arrived in early 1929 -LRB- Chapter 13 -RRB- . Every class suffered -LRB- p. 295 -RRB- . Insolvent industries were taken over by the government -LRB- p. 297 -RRB- . Pilsudski was in control of Poland -LRB- Chapter 14 -RRB- . What happens when an autocrat dies -LRB- Chapter 15 -RRB- ? Would a replacement be given too much power -LRB- p. 351 -RRB- ? A man who inherits a position is not as good as the man who earned it -LRB- Chapter 16 -RRB- . Poland depended on its treaties with France and Rumania and would not consider any alliance with Germany or the Soviet Union -LRB- Chapter 17 -RRB- . The military occupation of the Rhineland showed German intentions -LRB- p. 372 -RRB- . Poland chose to fight rather than submit to Hitler -LRB- p. 396 -RRB- . They expected France to attack when war began -LRB- pp.401-402 -RRB- . The Soviet-German Nonaggression Pact surprised the world -LRB- p. 408 -RRB- . Chapter 18 describes the short war . The Blitzkrieg offensive worked -LRB- p. 418 -RRB- . Armored tanks destroyed artillery -LRB- p. 423 -RRB- . It was over in 20 days -LRB- p. 441 -RRB- . Poland was only partially mobilized . The ` Afterword ' summarizes the later events .
 A MUST for any fan of , history , WWII , Polish history and/or european history.An excellent book .
 This is the first non-fiction book I 've ever read regarding Polish history -LRB- having read the novel , The Painted Bird -RRB- and I could n't put it down once I started . I read the 1982 2nd edition . Any American wanting to understand Poland from WW I thru the end of WW II should read this book , and after reading it you will have a much better understanding of the diplomatic mess that was the end of WW I and which resulted in so many problems between and within European nations in the 1920s and 1930s . Watt is `` fair '' to all and appears to have no axe to grind . His writing is more than adequate . Not too dry or boring , though not overly exciting either . Just about perfect for the serious matter discussed and the tragic consequences of the various major players involved -LRB- both men and nations -RRB- . Depending upon your desires , the sections on the two major military conflicts may seem a bit short in comparison to the discussions about Polish politics , Polish personalities -LRB- esp . the ever-so-imprtant General/Marshal Pilsudski , whose biography opens the book and who dies at age 67 in 1935 on p. 338 -RRB- , socio-economics , and diplomatic relations . For those interested in war , the 1920 Russo-Polish War essentially starts on p. 108 and ends on p. 152 . The 1939 invastions starting WW II begins on p. 411 and is over on p. 439 . So there is more on the 1920 war than the 1939 war.Fortunately , the title is a bit misleading as there is an excellent Afterward on pages 441-462 that help the reader understand a bit about Poland during WW II from 1941-1945 , the Polish government in exile versus the Soviet puppet regime , the machinations of the USSR vis-a-vis USA/UK , and the decisions/actions behind the final boundaries between the USSR , Germany , and Poland after WW II.My biggest pleasant surprises were the excellent discussions about the non-Polish minorities -LRB- primarily Ukranians and Belorussians -RRB- as well as the diplomatic histories involving Lithuania , Czechoslovakia , Hungary , and Rumania , esp . the border disputes and problems brought on by various ethnic minorities within their borders . Sadly , Poland 's treatment of its minority groups and the various positions of these nations on their borders and minorities leaves much to be desired from a current perspective . Poland did bring some of its own ruin down on itself by its less than admirable conduct towards others.My biggest disappointment was the very limited discussion of the Soviet invasion of Poland on September 17 , 1939 . This appears on page 432 and is over on p. 439 . I wanted to know a lot more about Soviet planning , preparation , and execution of this reprehensible invasion , that should 've led to declarations of war by France and Britain against Stalin 's aggression that was done in concert with Hitler . -LRB- Though these same two nations showed their true weak natures at the time by doing next to nothing to help Poland in September 1939 -LRB- as did Rumania -RRB- and then left Finland and the Baltic states to be dominated by Stalin . A tragic story with no heroes ! -RRB- There are just 2 maps
 If you want to know about interwar Poland , this is the book to read . It 's fascinating ! It shows you a completely different perspective on WWI and WWII , and it 's probably the perspective that most accurately draws in all of the issues that lead to those two wars . The story of Poland in the twentieth century IS the story of Europe in the twentieth century . The book is a great read , to boot .
 As Mr. Watts showed in his earlier works `` Dare Call it Treason '' on the French mutinies of 1917 and `` The Kings Depart '' on Germany and the Versailles Treaty , he is a master of narrative history . The present book is of similar quality . It is the sort of `` find '' one dreams of encountering but so seldom does , a well-written , exciting account of a subject one knows to be of interest and importance , but on which little seems to be available outside detailed academic histories . Mr. Watts has a splendidly exciting story to tell - how Modern Poland sprung from a dream of freedom that had been kept alive despite a century and a half of partition and foreign repression - and he tells it with verve . The initial part of the story is on an epic scale
 This book covers the history of Poland between World War I and World War II . The period was lively , to say the least , involving what are now almost-forgotten conflicts with most of Poland 's neighbors , not to mention much political infighting and the period of the depression . The story loses nothing in the telling
 Although the name of the Poland in the interwar years is often invoked in many narrative volumes , there is precious little written about Poland in the interwar period . Best has gone a very long way in balancing the deficit.There is also a lot of supposed truths of which scholars of the 20th Century take without critical discussion
 There are n't too many English-language histories of inter-war Poland , so this book is very welcome . It is easy to read and provides many interesting details on subjects -LRB- often regarded these days as obscure -RRB- such as inter-war Danzig and Poland 's troubled relations with Lithuania and Cezchoslovakia . In many ways , it is popular history more than academic history
 Until recently , Poland was a satelite of the Soviet Union . Before World War One , Poland was part of three different Empires . The only time Poland was truly an independent country was between the two World Wars . Under the leadership of Marshall Pilsudski , a large European nation was born which had been submerged for over 100 years . As part of that emerging process , Poland fought a war with the Soviet Union and managed to stem the tide of Communist advancement in Europe.This is a great history book . The politics and history of Poland come alive . During this time period , Poland was not a democracy , but an authoritarian state ruled by a benovolent leader . Poland played a balancing act between Germany and the Soviet Union . The National Democrats , the PPS , and Marshall Pilsudski played power politics . This book was very complimentary to Pilsudski , portraying him as the glue that held the nation together whereas the other political parties used power to enrich themselves.Watt is a favorite author of mine . His books , Dare Call It Treason and The Kings Depart are two of my favorite books on World War One . Watt does another home run with this book on interwar Poland . For those interested in Polish history , this is a must read . For those interested in general history , this is a great book to read about Poland .
 Richard Watt has produced a readable volume that recounts the only period of modern Polish independance prior to the current one . It 's complete , and seems to cover the issues reasonably well . Looming over the whole book is the figure of Jozef Pilsudski , the father of modern Poland , and he is reasonably well-described here . Good book , though the writing , while reasonable , is n't on the Barbara Tuchman-Robert Massie skill level writing-style wise .
 For most people Polish history between the wars is probably a mystery . This book fills that gap admirably . It reveals how Jozef Pilsudski was truly the founding father of a reborn nation . This is his story just as much as Poland 's , but then the two are so closely tied together that their 's is one story . A fascinating and easy read . Thoroughly recommended to those who have an interest in this area .
 Bitter Glory
 This has to be one of the most readable history books written . It 's fascinating because it tells the story of rebuilding a nation that had disappeared from the map of the world for more than 125 years . The nation that emerged had to combine the damage of 3 divergent occupying powers where even trains did n't run on the same type tracks , and satisfy the demands of opposing and even militant ethnic groups within its borders while staving off attacks from dangerous and militant neighbors without its borders . Sound familiar?I only gave this book four stars because it included nothing about what was happening within the United States for or against Poland 's rebirth . President Wilson included the resurrection of Poland as one of Germany and Austria 's conditions of surrender . Knowing how this was greeted or opposed by former citizens of Poland within the U.S. would give greater clarity to what was going on amongst the citizens within Poland 's borders.Some new information I was astounded to learn was that Poland initiated and WON A WAR AGAINST THE SOVIET UNION !!! Who would have thought ! And such an important war it was too ! It stopped the spread of communism within Europe and took the snap out of Stalin 's beans for a long time . He retaliated later when he found a socialist bedfellow in Hitler . Communism was pushed back later in the century.Interwar Poland is not the prejudiced disaster that many people imagine . Even Mr. Watt sometimes has to amplify , emphasize and elaborate to put across the point , but overall this is a fair and unbiased approach to the problems and politics of interwar Poland . I recommend it highly because it works on many levels and depicts the difficulties of forging a new nation and ... one more time ... I ca n't BELIEVE POLAND WON A WAR THEY INITIATED AGAINST THE SOVIET UNION !!!!
 Ignatius Donnelly was born in 1831 Philadelphia and became a lawyer in 1852 . Married in 1855 , they moved to Minnesota . When Minnesota became a state in 1857 Donnelly was elected lieutenant governor . In 1862 he was elected to Congress for three terms . He campaigned for Greenback policies and served in the state senate . Donnelly wrote `` Atlantis '' and `` Ragnarok '' which became sensational best sellers and made him wealthy . `` The Great Cryptogram '' analyzed Shakespeare 's plays to prove they were written by Francis Bacon . Two novels dealt with a fascist takeover of America `` Caesar 's Column '' , and racial intolerance `` Dr. Huguet '' . In 1887 he became a founder of the Populist Party , and was nominated for Vice-President in 1898 . He died in Minneapolis on 1/1/1901 . His politics , oratory , and literature marked his originality and talents ; his writings are now out of fashion.Donnelly studied the legends and mythologies of Hindus , Persians , Britons , Chinese , Greeks , Scandinavians , the North , Central , and South American Indians , Arabians , Babylonians , and Egyptians that told of disaster by fire , hail , frost , darkness , changes in climates , and tales of dragons and other monsters . Donnelly claimed these reflected a visit from a giant comet , and the proof lay in The Drift of unstratified deposits which came from a cometic collision rather than glacial movement . Donnelly suggested a comet could have caused Old Testament events such as the destruction of the wicked cities , the sun standing still , and stones falling from the heavens . Ragnarok , the Twilight of the Gods -LRB- or Rain of Rocks -RRB- , commanded the interest of general readers , and the admiration -LRB- if not credence -RRB- of the scientific world . Donnelly , a good lawyer , argued his case well with all the evidence available to him at the time . Decades later Immanuel Velikovsky would publish his version of this theory.The surface of our planet consists of layers of sand , clay , and gravel -LRB- over stratified rock -RRB- . It contains no trace of fossils . The pre-glacial world saw tropical plants growing near the Arctic Circle in Miocene times . Herds of elephants and other animals lived in Europe . Donnelly says a sudden cataclysm brought severe cold , and left deposits of sand , clay , and gravel ; fissures were created in earth 's crust . He explains why this was caused by a comet striking earth , the heat vaporizing the seas to create clouds , rain , and snow . Rocks on the surface would be smashed and crushed . This collision was preserved in the legends of mankind . The Great Lakes suggest points of impact . Vast clouds , and debris in the sky , would create a `` nuclear winter '' . Donnelly says myths and legends are ultimately based on some fact . Finding the same legends among different nations suggests a common experience in prehistoric times . These myths of a cataclysm imply the existence of mankind ; they are in accord with the facts known to science and from deep excavations . The legends coincide in this
 I use this book all the time in my Elementary Classroom . I love the way my students excel when they know exactly what I 'm looking for . These Rubrics really help my students ' Portfolios mean something to them , their parents , and to their next year 's teacher . My students like the way the Rubrics make Student Led Conferencing easier . I even picked up two more copies and gave one to my Student Teacher and one to my niece who just started subbing . It 's so nice to have some things that are just there , ready to go . Teachers have too much to do already !
 The author has put together some of the best tools for assessing a child 's performance . These are motivating to the child . I have been using this resource with grades 3 to 5 . This is helpful for all of these students . My students are able to evaluate their own performance using these tools . I particularly value the letter writing rubric and format sheet . My third graders are understanding letter writing much better now ! I took it to a faculty meeting ... and I almost did not get my copy back ! This should be on everyone 's list . This book is a real timesaver !
 This is a fantastic resource for any teacher . The ideas generated in this book are invaluable and can be modified for any age/grade level . Forms are instantly usable . Great for someone who 's never seen a rubric right up to those who use them all of the time . I ca n't wait to share it with all the teachers at my school !
 Great tool for the primary classroom . Best purchase I 've made in years for my teaching and assessment . No more questioning of `` why '' a grade is given . Well worth the price !!
 GREAT RESOURCE !! I 've been teaching for eight years and have been looking for scoring guides to use as an assessment . Recently , my class was equiped with fourteen computers . The best way to grade the technology classroom , is to use a variety of assessments . This book had been hard to find , until I found it on Amazon . It 's very easy to read and can be modified for any elementary classroom . Almost every page has different rubric . Super Book ! I 'd definately recommend it !!!
 This was the most surprising and beautiful book I have read this year . It is a poem , a watercolor , a dream half-remembered upon waking , a world rebuilt . You will be swept away , and it will stay in your heart for a long time.In stunning words , Beth Kephart writes of a coffee farm where her husband grew up in the jungled hills of El Salvador . It is a farm inhabited by souls living , mythical and dead
 The way I see this evocative and quite heroic book is this
 Beth Kephart writes with enormous talent and careful lyricism about her discovery of El Salvador through the eyes of her husband , who will always be a native of that country although he lives in the USA . At first it is almost like entering a dream to be swept up in this unfolding tale , but the drama of a country as embattled as El Salvador -- and the drama of the people who live there -- make it far more urgent than any dream . And this book also slowly makes so clear the fact that when you love someone and commit youself to another person you are taking on that person 's history and upbringing . This is a wonderful book .
 A beautiful book and well-written . It is for the type of reader who enjoys getting into the hearts and minds of both the writer and the people about whom he or she is writing . Books such as this require the reader to think -- Kephart does a great job bringing her readers with her . Also , Ms Montgomery -LRB- see her review -RRB- also does a great job in communicating the essence of Kephart 's book -- but then Montgomery is a great writer too !!
 Beth Kephart 's Still Love In Strange Places is a poignant , loving tale of her learning to love the people , the land and the country she married into-El Salvador . It puts this extraordinary place , with a painfully sad history and a future that speaks or reemergence in a much bigger , more poetic context . I felt for her and the real people she brought to life . Makes you want to come here as I have just done . Mark Monchek
 Still Love in Strange Places takes readers on an exquisite journey to a foreign place -LRB- El Salvador -RRB- and also deep into the heart of a marriage , into questions of identity and place . Kephart is really asking the questions , To whom do memories and stories belong ? and How are cultural legacies passed down to a child . A fascinating book .
 As a composer , Concone certainly knew his stuff . In this book , # 4 is an especially original piece portraying a mood of agony . There is ingenious motive play in # 14 . There is a sprinkling of harmonic gems , such as augmented sixths -LRB- # 5 , # 19 -RRB- , Neopolitan sixths -LRB- # 25 -RRB- , and Phrygian cadences -LRB- # 15 , # 21 -RRB- . The codas in this book are especially interesting . In some of the pieces , Concone withholds any subdominant chords until the coda -- a practice which he probably borrowed from Mozart and Beethoven . Music theory buffs should be sure to notice the chromatic descent in the codas in # 14 , # 17 , # 18 , and # 20 . That does not mean that the educational goal has been overlooked . On the contrary , this book offers practice in left hand staccato , octave jumps , grace notes , dotted rhythms , and syncopation .
 This is the SAME book as The Lies We Believe . I ordered both books with the belief that they were different . Upon reciept of both books , I found out that they are identical in content . Only the titles and the covers are different . I could have saved myself some money if the descriptions had mentioned that the content was identical .
 Many books that address human need are a little helpful , or apply a little bit . This book by Dr. Thurman is exceptional in its scope of usefulness . It is very easy to read and straight forward with its insights , one does not have to guess the conclusion that the author wishes you to find . Each point is illustrated with a story from the doctors practice . This is very helpful is seeing how to apply that chapter.The book is soothing to the soul of those with a damaged heart . It is also a wonderful resource for those wishing to be helpful to others with a damaged heart.Many thanks to the good doctor ,
 Thurman does an excellent job of providing Biblical responses to dysfunctional thoughts . Christian practioners who practice Christian forms of Rational Emotive Therapy or Cognitive Therapy will find this book useful . His list of ten Biblical truths provides great Biblical resources for developing healthy/biblical schemas
 Dr. Thurman provides an excellent resource for Christian Counselors who practice from a Rational Emotive or Cogntive Therapy perspective . He provides sound , biblical responses to distorted thinking . His ten biblical truths provide an excellent resource for dealing with dysfunctional schemas .
 I read this book several years ago and after having a rather indepth conversation with a friend decided I wanted to purchase a copy as a gift for them . I had some trouble finding a new or like new copy since it is out of print but it was worth the hunt . I loved the book when I read it and refer back to it frequently . The friend I sent this copy to says they are addicted to it . We are both sorry that this book is no longer in print as it makes it difficult to share with others that might also really enjoy it . Neither one of us is willing to pass our copy on for fear of not getting it back . It would have to be a very good friend .
 This is a great book for reference . It does n't have exhaustive content into any one subject , but it has information on a lot of different subjects . The main thing I use if for is vocabulary . I can get keywords on a subject that I am not an expert on and search for more detailed information.This book is a great start into a great many subjects , but it is not an authority on a subject . If you want to know detailed knowledge about a subject , then get a book on that subject .
 All the cute and not-so-cute characters are here
 Most books and reports on Civil War events come from white writers and voice white viewpoints . This one speaks with a black voice , as George E. Stephens wrote as correspondent for the -LRB- New York -RRB- `` Weekly Anglo-African , '' from the events of John Brown 's rebellion -LRB- Nov. 1859 -RRB- through September , 1864 . Along the way he shifted from member of the press to acting patriot-soldier , recruiting and then enlisting in the Massachusetts 54th , that leader among black regiments depicted in the movie `` Glory . '' Donald Yacovone provides not only notes for the letters but also information on Stephens ' family background . After the 54th disbanded Yacovone follows Stephens ' ongoing struggles to educate freed slaves in Virginia ; the story of many black patriots ' efforts to move their people upward by finally granting them some education is not widely told or appreciated . These chapters fill a need today . So the life taken as a whole is both glorious and tragic
 I feel Scratch had to have closure on the past as he had to find out the three men he first road with had in deed betrayed him and took his firs and left him to fend for his self . I am glad Scratch found the men and set things right . We need more of Titus C. Bass pleasd do n't let him fade into the sunset .
 This book arrived looking just as nice as a brand new one , even though it was listed as , `` Used . '' Very pleased and would highly recommend this seller !
 i believe he depicts the old west just as it was . he mixes fiction with fact brilliantly . love titus bass stories and also custer stories . you can see how the indians really got a raw deal . you really get a feel for those times .
 Terry C Johnston has done a great job on the Titus Bass series . Very period detail correct . He makes you feel like your in the mountains riding along with Ol' Scratch and Josh .
 The author provides an amazing perspective to life that will have an eternal revelance from Seattle to Bejing .
 Set along the Erie Canal in 1850 , this robust novel is filled with interesting characters trying to make a go of it along this busy waterway connecting the eastern seaboard with the interior parts of the country - before the railroads came to dominate . Dan Harrow comes off the farm to take a job as a towboy and through hard work and good fortune is able to get his own boat . He meets Molly Larkins who becomes his cook ; it seems they might marry but Dan comes to realize the canaller 's life is not for him , and when he decides to take a job on a farm , they depart company . He also befriends the evil outlaw Gentleman Joe Calash and must overcome the bully Jotham Klore in a fist fight that takes on legendary proportions . The story is somewhat episodic with some chapters reading like separate short stories , but the basic storyline of Dan and Molly and their tribulations remains steady throughout . The book is an excellent piece of regional historical fiction , with very realistic and lively characters holding our attention from beginning to end .
 I have read a lot of books on child development/parenting/etc but this short book is one of the best . Everything is there that is in the longer books -LRB- and more -RRB- but as a busy parent I actually have time to read it . Even better , I can give it to my husband to read -LRB- a chapter or two -RRB- and he 'll do it ! I 've also read the toilet training book by this author and it is much much better than anything else -- no formulas , just good common sense .
 I recommend this book to all of my friends because it is very thorough and very short ! This is especially helpful if the other parent is n't much of a reader -LRB- at least about child development -RRB- I highlight a few chapeters when I want my husband to understand more about what our daughter is going through .
 Parents , this book is wonderful ! If you have a 2 year old child that will not seem to listen and you have tried everything then you need this book . It explains why screaming , yelling and spanking do not work on some children . This book explains why your 2 year old acts like he or she does and how to deal with your 2 year old when they misbehave . I have read several books on this subject and this one I definitely like the best . It is small and easy to read . Good luck !
 An excellent work for first time parents if you want to learn the essential principles in parenting a two year old toddler . If you want to find more you need a more comprehensive book , likeBecoming the Parent You Want To Be
 `` Creation Regained : Biblical Basics for a Reformational Worldview '' is not your typical worldview book . It comes at this issue from a particularly Reformational angle . What does that mean ? He grounds his thesis in the way of looking at the world rediscovered during the Protestant Reformation
 I have heard about this book for several years and was excited at the opportunity to read through it . I was not disapointed.The things I enjoyed ... This was the best book I have read that outlines creation - fall - redemption as the basis for Christian Worldview . Wolters did an excellent job with this.His emphasis on creation - fall - redemption as far reaching -LRB- these categories reach everything , all of creation -RRB- was a breath of fresh air and a helpful concentration.Areas I still have questions ... In his new addition -LRB- last chapter -RRB- with the church 's role in mission and the Gospel as it relates to worldview , I found myself wanting more definitional distinctions between Gospel and redemption . Is the Gospel an aspect of redemption or toally different ? If my vocation as a carpenter is bringing `` directional '' kingdom order to the `` structure '' of carpentry , can this be my mission or is it my role in redemption , and how are those two different ? Any book recomendations to help with these latter questions , please forward them to me .
 Through the lens of the Gospel , Wolters examines the concept of a worldview . In the first chapter , Wolters previews the topic and discusses the concept and implications of a worldview . The writer answers these and many other questions in the first chapter
 The author uses scripture and examples to make the case for looking at creation from a reformational perspective to guide Christians in daily living.The book is easy to understand , and presented in a logical format.This book would be an excellent resource for small group study in a local church .
 Wolters has done a terrific job of explaining how Christians are to relate to all of the created world in this brief treatise . In a time in which Christians in America lack a clear vision of their place in and with society , many have succumbed to the belief that that some areas are less important and less holy than others . Having forced life into a dichotomy of `` secular '' and `` sacred '' activities , Christendom has lost its sense of the inherent value and goodness of life outside the walls of their Sunday School classroom . With more and more Christians abandoning their posts and ceasing to believe in the inherent goodness of culture and society , it is no wonder that the machinery of soceity has come to a grinding and nauseating halt . The air is ripe for believers to rediscover the truth about God 's love and plans for the redemption of all of life and to realize that the myth of the sacred/secular dichotomy is nothing more than the ancient , but everpresent , heresy of Gnosticism which has always plaugud the church -LRB- and no doubt always will til Christ comes back -RRB- . Creation is intrinsically a good thing . Sin entered the world and like a parasite attached itself to all things . But God , in His everlasting and everreaching mercy , has brought about a plan of redemption , not only to individual persons , but also to the world as a whole , through the death and resurrection of His Son . This short , yet masterfully written book -LRB- 98 pages -RRB- , will impart to Christians an intoxicating vision and direction about the world at large that is much needed in the Church today . _ Creation Regained _ offers a comforting and encouraging word , reassuring the troubled Christian with the implications of redemption and how they must drive our interaction with culture . God desires the restoration of all of life , and Christians are his salt and light to accomplish that purpose . A must read for all who seriously struggle to understand their place in the world .
 The subtitle of this book is `` Biblical Basics for a Reformational Worldview , '' and as the book develops , the author clearly aligns himself with the Dutch Reformed school of thought . This school of thought is best represented by Abraham Kuyper and there is a real sense in which this book can be viewed as an introduction to Kuyperian thinking.Wolters begins the book by defining what a worldview is . He distinguishes `` worldview '' from the academic disciplines of theology and philosophy . He says that one may need specialized education to engage in theology and philosophy , but a worldview is something that everyone has , regardless of education . He defines a worldview as `` the comprehensive framework of one 's basic beliefs about things . `` He goes on to say that a Biblical worldview is to understand the world through the biblical lenses of creation , fall , and redemption . Chuck Colson 's book `` How Now Shall We Live , '' takes the same approach.What is unique about Wolters book , and this is a theme that runs throughout , is his distinction between structure and direction . Structure refers to the way something was created . In other words , everything has a structure - the family , government , labor , etc. , all have a structure given to them . Direction refers to their movement toward or away from God.He shows that many Christians tend to reject the structure of a thing , when they should be dealing with direction . For instance , he speaks of human sexuality . Many Christians view sex in a negative light . However , sexuality has a biblical structure , i.e. it was created by God for a purpose and is to be pursued according to that purpose . To reject sexuality out of hand is to reject God 's created order , or structure . It is the direction of human sexuality that we are to engage , not the structure . We are to seek to redeem it , pointing it in a godward direction.Wolters goes on to develop these themes through looking at how the fall affected the created order -LRB- structure -RRB- and how redemption affects it . Redemption is concerned with reversing the effects of the fall . Because the scope of redemption is as wide as the scope of the fall , there is nothing in all of creation that is irredeemable.All of this leads up to an explanation of the Kuyperian notion of sphere sovereignty - which states that no societal institution is subordinate to any other . In other words , the church is not subordinate to the state , nor vice versa . This applies to all institutions - family , education , etc. . If I read him right each institution has a created structure and though they are not subordinate to one another , they are subordinate to God 's laws . Hence , all can and must be redeemed - i.e. put in a godward direction.I enjoyed the book - there is a lot of meat in a few pages . It has motivated me to study Kuyper and his disciples more closely . I am not sure that I am completed persuaded on the sphere sovereignty notion yet , but regardless , this book is provocative and well worth a read .
 This is a gem of a book . First published in 1985 , it has been reissued several times since then , with the newest edition appearing in 2005 . The gist of the book can be stated this way
 In this brief and smartly written book , readers are introduced to a distinct Christian worldview that has existed throughout church history but has come to be identified with theological traditions stemming from the Protestant reformation . Informing this worldview , in the author 's own words , are the beliefs that '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- creation is much broader and more comprehensive than we tend to think , -LRB- 2 -RRB- the fall affects that creation to its full extent , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- redemption in Jesus Christ reaches just as far as the fall . '' The author 's substantial giftedness in teaching and communication is on full display as he explains the biblical underpinnings and implications of each of these core beliefs ; his writing is always clear and sometimes deeply stirring . The profound and empowering message of Creation Regained , appropriate for Christians of all traditions and vocations , will have readers marveling at the redemptive action of God in human history and considering their own roles in his work of making all things new .
 Creation Regained
 This little book is an excellent primer into the basic structure of the Judaeo-Christian worldview , and how to use it practically in day-to-day life.It would be very effective for Bible/discipleship study groups .
 Al Wolters lays out the foundation of the Dutch Reformed school of theology . While many evangelicals grasp the mantra `` evangelize the lost , '' they make this case only for souls . Wolters explains that `` For we know that the whole creation has been groaning together in the pains of childbirth until now '' -LRB- Romans 8:22 -RRB- . As a result , the whole of human endeavor is to redeem ANYTHING that was affected by the fall - music , the arts , government . This book is a clear and concise explanation that is organized in a progressive way . It 's as though after every chapter I had a question and in the subsequent chapter he answered it . I HIGHLY recommend this book for anyone who is wanting to A -RRB- understand the basic tenets of Abraham Kuyper 's theology and B -RRB- have his life changed in a great way . This book not only lays out the theoretical , but helps the Christian draw practical applications for redeeming his world .
 Wolters advocates building a worldview founded upon the three categories of Creation , Fall , and Redemption . All of reality can considered under one or more of those three rubrics . He concludes that Creation consists of creative acts in three realms , -LRB- 1 -RRB- the creation of the physical cosmos , -LRB- 2 -RRB- the creation of natural laws , -LRB- 3 -RRB- the creation of norms , or normal behavior within the various spheres of the creation . The Fall has corrupted creation in its three parts . Redemption redeems , not just man , but all of creation.Wolters then advocates that the Christian 's role is to promote redemption in all three of the realms of creation . He proposes doing this by looking at the world through the grid of `` structure '' and `` direction '' . Structure has to do with analyzing something to see what part of it is part of the original good creation . What part of it is creational ? Direction has to do with trajectory , discerning how the Fall -LRB- or Redemption since the Fall -RRB- is influencing it.Wolters firmly believes that it is the job of the Christian not to wholly reject any portion of the creation , but to rather bring redemptive direction back to it , ie , to redeem it.His categories and analysis are fascinating and very provocative . Of particular note is his argument that there are `` norms '' in creation , norms which have been perverted and warped by the Fall . There are also a few weaknesses to the book
 1 . Introduction to the Christian WorldviewIn this brief treatise , Albert Wolters develops a Christian worldview that revolves around the three chief themes outlined in the Bible
 This beautiful version of the Christmas story is lovingly told from Joseph 's perspective . It allows you to begin to understand the terrible fear and apprehension he must have felt knowing that Mary , the woman he loved , was pregnant by the grace of God . It also explores the father/child relationship on several levels . This book is filled with grace , love , and genuine heart . Enjoy the peace that it can bring to your world ...
 Mr Hegg has obviously had differences with his own father sometime in the past . He has imagined a story about a young man 's dilemma 's growing up and tied it in beautifully with the Christmas story . Every American male should read this book or have it read to him . Then take 2 or 3 days to think it over and see if he can relate . It can remove any doubts about his own worth and about the worth of doing a job right . Maybe I 'm reading too much into a juvenile story but I got the message that there 's a deeper mature meaning to the last passage in the book . And Tom had the astuteness to leave it open to the readers interpretation . I absolutely loved the book .
 Tom Hegg and Warren Hanson have , over the years , given their fans some wonderful and memorable books . The Mark of the Maker is no exception.Hegg tells the biblical story of Joseph as the apprentice carpenter . The lessons from his father are not understood at first . It 's only as Joseph matures , learns his craft and is then given the remarkable experience of becoming the earthly father of Jesus , that the lessons finally make sense . As Joseph gazes at the manger that holds the Christ child , it all becomes clear.The Mark of the Maker is an inspirational version of Joseph 's story . The sepia illustrations are beautiful and add an important dimension.Armchair Interviews says
 This is a fantastic story of the manner in which Mary and Joseph grew up and met , an account that we do n't hear very often . I highly recommend it as an important part of the Christmas Story .
 This CD is `` fast , fun & user friendly '' just like the good people at Talk Now say . It plays on both Windows and Mac computers . I recommend it for what it is . A beginner 's learning tool for the essential words and phases . A useful feature is you can learn using YOUR native language as you have choice of over 70 languages . I tried Chinese as I know it reasonably well and it worked just OK - I feel they designed it primarily for those with English as their 1st language . So if you American , Brit , Aussie , or Canadian this is a good beginner 's guide for you.It 's best feature is it 's pronounces the words in both male and female voices as many Tagalog courses do not pronounce the words for you :--LRB- You will enjoy the games and tests to measure your progress and it allows you to print your own dictionary for handy reference . I just wish it covered even more of our Tagalog words . Just incase I forget them.hehehe
 Nice interactive cd for beginning Tagalog . Learn basics such as numbers , colors , directions as well as some simple dialogs . The sound is quite clear and allows you to hear the words pronounced alternately by a male and a female voice . There are also multiple choice quizes that test what you have learned . There is a text that can be printed as well to assist in the learning of Tagalog .
 My wife purchased this Bible cover for me as a birthday present . I had wanted this over anything else since my existing was falling apart . My Bible is a NAS Inductive Study Bible . And it is big Bible . But the XL , the largest cover they make , did not come anywhere close to fitting it . I really like this cover , but if it does n't fit , it will do you no good .
 I 've had this for several years and I love it . It is designed for a small Bible , so the XL designation is not quite true . But for me it 's perfect . The outside zipper pocket is the perfect size for my Sunday School quarterly , and the note pad and pen holder comes in handy too .
 Sewa Singh Kalsi 's `` Simple Guide to Sikhism '' is pretty much just what the title says it is . At only 120 pages I breezed through it in a few days . The book covers Sikh history , teachings , traditions , scriptures , worship , festivals , rites of passage , sects and the diaspora . It is pretty easy reading and no one high school age or over should have any trouble with the text . The only problem I had with the book was that there is so much Punjabi -LRB- the language of most Sikhs -RRB- that I could n't remember what all the words meant and they would be used later without translation and I had to flip to the glossary or flip back to the original spot a decent bit . Even then , that is largely unavoidable as many religious terms -LRB- not just in Sikhism -RRB- are difficult to translate and repeatedly translating within the text would have been even more distracting . This definately is n't the place to go for in depth knowledge , but that 's not the point of this book . If you want a general idea of what Sikhism is all about then this is a good place to go .
 I consider the CD-Rom you get with the book the best dictionary on the market . Each entry has IPA symbols and also a red loudspeaker icon for the British pronunciation and a blue one for the American . A microphone icon lets you practise your pronunciation.The feature I like using every day is the QUICKfind with the automatic sound . You just point the mouse at a Word document or at the text on a web page and the software speaks up the sound for you . While listening to the sound , the QUICKfind let you have a small dictionary window open on the screen with the meaning of each word you are pointing the mouse at , and the two loudspeakers with both English and American pronunciations are still there . Just imagine all those foreign languages and literatures university students who are going to prepare for their oral exams and have to be able to read aloud loads of poems with a perfect pronunciation and also explain the words ' meanings - what a lot of time saved with the aid of this software!The main window has three other useful icons , i.e. Exercises , Pictures and Study pages.Among the Exercises , you can find Word Exercises -LRB- adjectives and adverbs , affixes , homophones , irregular and problem verbs , noun forms , suffixes , verbs meaning ` perform ' -RRB- and Pictures Exercises -LRB- animals , back , birds , body , car exterior , car interior , cars and trucks , clothes , flowers , foot , fruit , hair , hand , hats , head , in the kitchen , in the office , kitchen equipment , office equipment , phrasal verbs , planes , ships and boats , skeleton , sports , vegetables -RRB- . Among the Pictures you can find about 100 tables of content with colourful drawings . If you point the mouse at a drawing , its word appears , whereas if you click on the drawing , its meaning appears.Among the Study pages you can find very useful documents in PDF format , divided into two categories , i.e. `` Vocabulary , Grammar , Pronunciation '' -LRB- a guide to pronunciation , determiners , homographs , homophones , irregular verbs , modal verbs , phrasal verbs , prefixes and suffixes , punctuation , regular inflections , regular verb tenses , relative clauses , word building -RRB- and `` General Information '' -LRB- common names , common symbols , computers , geographical names , letter writing , measurements and quantities , money , periods of time , relationships , sounds and smells , telephoning , varieties of English , work and jobs -RRB- . I would give this item six stars , if only I could ! Highly recommended to all those who need a very fast desktop companion , for it 's a real pleasure to work with , and once the software is saved into your hard disk , you wo n't need to run the CD any more .
 For non-native speakers this is a God send , the CD provides both British and American pronunciation and I consider this is the most useful feature for this dictionary.Once you installed the CD to your hard drive in full installation mode , then store your CD in a safe place because you do n't need it anymore.I highly recommend this to anyone who have a hard time to find how to pronoun the English words .
 I had American Heritage dictionary CD and Microsoft Encarta Dictionary . Recently I discovered this and found it far superior to earlier mentioned products.Almost every word contains usage examples and I found it extremely useful.I feel unlucky for not being able find this earlier.I would absolutely recommend this to anyone.Excellent product for the price.Kudos to whoever created this product .
 This dictionary provides clear definations of words and real-world examples to show how they are actually used by native speakers . The CD-ROM is easy to install and use . It pronounces each word in both British and American accent . I find this feature very helpful . At a click of a button , it also provides words related in meaning , a feature helpful for esl students to expand their vocabulary . It , however , does n't replace a good thesaurus . Advanced students should also have an english dictionary for native speakers -LRB- for example , New Oxford American English Dictionary or Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary -RRB- handy , in case the word they are looking for can not be found in this dictionary.Overall , this is a very good reference for esl students . Its CD version is easier to use than those of some other recent learner 's dictionary . Its paper edition has a clear layout and you can find the info you need quickly . I am currently using this dictionary with the Longman Dictionary of Contemparary Dictionary -LRB- 4th edition -RRB- .
 To catch a real pronunciation of words , I often use Collins Cobuild English Dictionary CD-ROM , Cambridge Advanced Learner 's Dictionary CD-ROM , and occasionally Merriam-Webster 's free on-line dictionary ... . In most cases , the pronunciation of Merriam-Webster is most euphonic . And from a comparison with Cambridge Dictionary CD-ROM , it can be roughly infered that Merriam-Webster has an Briticism , and the tones in Collins Cobuild CD-ROM tend to be American -LRB- but seem a bit monotonous -RRB- . However , Collins Cobuild CD-ROM supplements a shortage of Cambridge Dictionary CD-ROM in thesaurus part -LRB- Cambridge Dictionary CD-ROM offers only related words , not synonyms -RRB- . Furthermore , Collins Cobuild CD-ROM offers a lot of real sentences and examples to help reader define a word more accurately . This is exactly why I choose Collins Cobuild English Dictionary for Advanced Learners rather than a reputed Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary or Random House Webster 's College Dictionary . By the way , both Webster 's Unabridged Dictionaries have CD-ROM versions . If any opportunity , I 'd like to try to explore any one of them .
 Hey , this is a fun read ! No prissy prima donna , Paula Jhung describes her own struggles as she shares tips and techniques along with some pretty funny and dishy stories . Part how-to and part humor , this book has lots of cool ideas for overcoming household clutter and inner angst . And -- this would make a great gift for brides , frantic moms or friends who 're just trying to balance it all .
 For a self-proclaimed packrat , this book was a lifesaver to me . Within the first 25 pages , Paula gives the reader the `` rubbish inquisition '' - questions like , `` if there were a flood , would I try to save this ? '' and `` does it make my life easier ? '' Making room for all of my husband 's stuff in our new apartment has ben infinitely easier now that I can let go of all my STUFF - and I owe it all to Paula .
 If you 're like me you may not enjoy cleaning , but Paula 's easy tips and tricks actually make this chore fun ! I am a wife and mother of two , so finding the time to cook , clean , decorate , etc. is quite a challenge . Maybe that 's why I found Paula 's book so helpful . She has chapters on everything from cooking up a cleaner kitchen where she offers advice on food preparation that requires less cleanup . And at the opposite end of the spectrum is what she shares about the way cleanliness and chore sharing can build a better household and relationship . I truly found this a quick , helpful and easy read . I recommend it to anyone wanting to tackle one of life 's biggest challenges-cleaning !
 Perhaps one of the best parts about this book is that you do n't feel like you 're reading a cleaning manual . Paula intermixes stories , both personal and not , throughout the book , so it 's completely possible to read it cover to cover and not feel like you 've been `` learning '' - but , of course , you have ! My favorite chapter is `` Let there be light . '' It is amazing how by doing a few simple things , such as changing your lightbulb wattage , can make a HUGE difference .
 After reading your book I totally see the pattern I am following from my childhood . I now can see who has TMS in my family and where I get it from . I can also see how the clutter adds stress in life . My husband tells me I have too much stuff and that I need to simplify , he agrees with what you say in your book 100 % ! You have good advise in your book and I think if I work at my clutter 20 min . a day I can do it without it over whelming me . It 's nice to know there is help out there!Candi
 I loved this book , and would read it over and over . It was full of good ideas while entertaining you at the same time and addresses a problem we all have ... clutter ... but not just household clutter ... emotional clutter . It 's hard to live in today 's world where more is the key and those of us who just want simple and easy struggle daily .
 I have n't even finished the book yet , but it 's certainly inspiring me . Paula has a way of identifying things that I 've felt and thought but could n't give a name to ! It 's simple , concise , has humor and I just hope I have enough ink in my yellow highlighter to finish the book ! :--RRB- Of all the books of this genre that I 've read , this has motivated me more than any of the others .
 Has great advice about how to change your idea of what you home is to you . Every room and closet should serve a specific purpose and less is more . Especially like the section about meditation ! Found book a library but I reallylike referring to this book for tips on cleaning and getting organized a must buy !
 I am through half of the book already and it 's been only 2 days considering I can read only after work . I felt like reading it every moment I get . Very nice layout and smart quotes throughout the book make it very fun read . Has some great ideas and thoughts . Recommended !!! I discovered it by absolute accident ! This will inspire lots of people , I think . Awesome book !
 I bought this book after reading Mr Tysons first book on Personal Finance . This investing segment in the dummies serial takes the guesswork out of how to start investing . Like Personal Finance for dummies , this edition is also a easy read . I also strongly recommend `` More Wealth without Risk '' and `` Financial Self Defense '' for even more strategies on powerful investing . Read and grow rich !
 Finally , an intelligent and honest investment book ! After wasting time reading so many books that either do n't give specifics or hype techniques to promote the author 's own agenda , this book makes sense . It covers investing in the financial markets , real estate and small business since these are the three major ways people build wealth . In each of these areas , Tyson explains what to do and what not to do . As for saving money to invest , the reviewer above who queries what a person should do who needs 20K cash for a new car , Tyson 's advice in his Personal Finance for Dummies book is do n't buy such an expensive car - buy a good quality used car you can afford !
 I bought this book thinking that it would be a very basic book that would teach about the world of investing . While the book does a spectacularly wonderful job at covering the basics , I also gained a number of powerful insights that I did n't from reading more `` advanced '' investing books . The discussion of how the financial markets work was a real eye opener as was the insight that many people who accumulate great wealth do so not through investing in stocks but through small business . With the U.S. stock market at such nose bleed high levels , that alternative makes sense to me ! The author also clearly lays out the case against following market gurus predictions .
 I have an MBA and a CPA and I have been underwhelmed by most investing books . This one was great . I was especially impressed at the coverage of the securities markets , real estate and small business issues , where Tyson points out that people can make really high returns -LRB- which is a pipe dream in the stock market -RRB- . I also just read Tyson 's Small Business for Dummies which he co-wrote and it 's another must read for anyone planning to start a business or running a small business .
 This book covers all the bases and provided lots of great insights and ideas . I actually read Eric Tyson 's Mutual Fund for Dummies first which I also thought was excellent.Covers traditional investments as well as real estate and small business . Coverage of online resources and software also was strong . Highly , highly recommended
 Incredible as it may sound `` Investing for Dummies '' was a realpage-turner ! I read the entire book in several hours andactually gained some useful investing information . I have sincebeen able to make money in the three weeks since readingthe book . The recommended `` Dummies Approved '' lists are a greatresource . They act as good starting points for the novice toresearch investing ideas .
 This book , written by Eric Tyson , MBA is a simplified reference book for all investors . Although this book is written most specifically for first-time or unitiated investors , it is a good all-around reference book for ALL investors . Most of his information is written in simple English and is very understandable . Although I do n't agree with all of his opinions , you can safely make good money by following his advice . Covers all types of imaginable investments.Rich Peternel , MBA ; RPM Consultants , Inc. .
 This book is a great find for our new investment club . Many members are math-phobic , all are tired after a long day of work.The down-to-earth advice , objectivity -LRB- not aparticular firm or product to push -RRB- and gentlehumor are a welcome addition to our educational efforts.Jeanne B. , Financial Partner , Heritage InvestmentClub , Vincennes , IN
 Outstanding for anyone interested in taking control of their financial well-being .
 Tyson is very good at making a complex subject as simple as possible . He did repeatedly and strongly advise against taking out an auto loan , though , which I thought was going a bit too far . I agree in principle that borrowing to purchase goods which depreciate is n't a very good idea ; however , I do n't have $ 15-20k cash for a new car , and I ca n't keep driving the same old clunker forever , worrying about when it 's going to break down again . Tyson does n't seem to be in touch with this kind of `` real world '' economics.I am thinking of buying his `` investing for dummies '' and/or `` mutual funds for dummies '' books to further my edification into the world of finance and investing .
 best book ever in simple ideas of how to invest
 Eric Tyson is so great ! he can make a complicated subject so easy to understand.The book is so simple to understand that anyone can follow it and use the information.Many books are so dry , but this book is funny and very entertaining . Read it if you want to know about Money and Finance .
 This product is exactly what I need to start my financial journey . The Seller got the book to me in due time and it was in good condition . Anyone interested in gaining financial literacy and getting their money in order ... get this book .
 I bought this book for a play reading group . I read a number of the plays , and ended up choosing `` Curse of the Starving Class , '' which has some fascinating and memorable characters . It is a difficult play , but the group liked it . Sam Shepard is a great playwright .
 This is one of the most intense collection of plays that I have ever read . Sam Shepard has a knack for grabbing you with dark , brooding characters whose primal needs are n't just shown onstage - they drive the plot . Characters are n't simply hungry , they 're ravenous . Shepard writes dramas that place us in familiar settings , but there are tribal battles being waged that both repulse and captivate . `` Buried Child '' was my first introduction to theatre drama and I 've never seen drama in the same way . One sign of Shepard 's brilliance is the fact that every time I read one of these plays , I find something new . Truly , one of the most remarkable reads that you could ever buy .
 American playwrights are n't good at creating a career of playwriting . Why , I ca n't say . They write dynamically for a given period and then off they go into putting the holy bible on stage or some such epic . They become mystics , like Allen Ginsberg . Shepard wrote plays for a while and then , I think , Hollywood put the zap on him and he was gone . His occasional pieces today are weak imitations of his former self . Money and fame may be responsible . Who knows ? Here gathered in a single anthology are the key works , on which his life 's reputation rests . `` True West '' sets the stage
 The basic text of the most exciting playwright of recent decades . The place to start when discovering the American drama as reader , actor , or teacher !
 sam shepard never disappoints me . i always find his work wonderful and disturbing at the same time .
 These are the best dark comedy plays I have ever seen . The true west is a work of art . All of these plays are top of the line . Dark comedy at it 's best . If you are an actor , or just interested in the arts I suggest this book . You wo n't find this many well written plays in one book in a long time . Sam Shepard is a true genius .
 Sam Shepard is an american original . I first encountered his work at the Public theater in NYC in the early to mid-70 's . Then having seen Buried Child , i knew I had to read his work . His language is spare , tough and elagaic , like Cormac mcCarthy 's novels of the southwest . The best work hee oare the first three plays
 Simply really well written plays . True West and Curse of the Starving Class engrossed me the most , with True West bieng one of the best plays I have read . The words just flow naturally and the characters are * really * wierd but still consistent and round . Though I have not yet read all eight , it seems that most of his plays in here are very tough to perform . I always like plays with very few characters , or at least few actors , and the only play that really fits that is True West . He is obviously used to writing for film , since sometimes he puts things into his plays that are really hard to actually do on stage . Maybe I 'm just nitpicking , but I think that some of these plays are pretty hard to produce.Still , it makes for an excellent read and I also found it kind of inspiring , since these are really good plays that I felt flowing into my mind rather than just reading them -LRB- yes , I * know * that sounds really cheesy ... -RRB-
 First of all , brilliant plays , still classics of the American Theater . Since Amazon no longer has information about this book , I will supply it : The title of the book is
 I like to call this collection Best of Shepard Vol . 1 . This collection belongs in any actors collection . Sam Shepard is a true , unique American voice . His eccentric characters , sparse writing and classic plays . I 've seen `` Buried Child '' on-Broadway and scenes from `` Buried Child '' , `` Curse of the Starving Class '' , `` Savage Love '' and `` True West '' in countless acting classes . One of America 's greatest writers .
 This collection of plays is extraordinary . Shepard threads tales of cartoonlike characters bound by the direst of circumstances excellently .
 11th grade English EssayPhillips Academy , Andover `` True West `` The play is about the struggle between modern society and more traditional ways of life . Lee and Austin represent two disconnected brothers with drastically different upbringings who have come to accept different norms . Against the growth of the city and the suburb , their spirit of the Wild West , though diminished , still exists . They steal and fight just like cowboys and highway robbers . Yet , both Lee and Austin are scared and frustrated . Lee does n't know if he should try to blend into the new ways , and Austin does n't know if he should go back to the old ways . And this play about two writers writing about the West is in itself a Western story . It has all the excitement and violence of a rider 's life.Who else would steal a dozen toasters and TVs ? Austin and Lee were lawless and wild , daring enough to do anything . Austin 's car is like a horse , and driving out is like going for a raid . `` Lee enters abruptly into kitchen carrying a stolen TV set . '' The sentence has such an air of ease as if Lee entered with a Shopping bag . Stealing is no more than a normal part of Lee 's life . He lives off of it , like those high-way riders who plunder by-passers in the old days . The wholesale raid of the toasters shows the wilder side of Austin . '' It was toasters you challenged me to . Only toasters . I ignored other temptation . '' He says to Lee after the thievery . These words make Austin sound like a warrior who has just beaten his rival in some major battle . The only irony is that the major battle was about stealing a dozen toasters . Austin is bragging about his lawlessness , and that is a very cowboy thing to do . Not only are these brothers such `` professional '' thief , they also are more than violent . From Lee `` ax-chops -LRB- ing -RRB- at the typewriter using a nine-iron '' to Austin trying to choke his brother with a telephone cord while their mom is standing on the side . It is hard to get worse than that . It is like a misplaced scene from a Old Western movie . Not only do these pair of thief like to kill each other , they also have that independence and individualism that Western heroic images render so forcefully . On top of living on the desert by himself , Lee also says `` I do n't sleep . '' , and does not seem to eat breakfast . `` Do you Eat Breakfast ? '' `` Look , do n't worry about me pal . I can take care of myself . '' When Austin asks him if he needs any help with money , `` Lee suddenly lungs at Austin , grabs him violently by the shirt and shakes him with tremendous power . '' Lee wants money , but he is going to get it by himself , not through his little brother . Lawless , violent , and independent , Lee and Austin are depicted in the play as the `` True Western Heroes '' borne at a wrong time . This , however , is only the first layer of the play . It makes the story entertaining , but not meaningful . `` Yappin ' their fool heads off . They do n't yap like that on the desert . They howl . These are city coyotes here . '' The deeper meaning of the play is about the difference between the city `` coyotes '' and the country `` coyotes '' . The country `` coyote '' , Lee , is older , lives on a desert , use to catch snakes , and uneducated . The city `` coyote '' , Austin , is younger , writes screen plays , does not remember having ever caught snakes , and has an Ivy League education . The brothers grew up together , but went onto totally different paths of life . But they do n't merely represent two disgruntled brothers , but the struggle between the different ways of life . In Austin 's eyes , the place where they used to live is `` built up '' , but in Lee 's eyes , the place has been `` wiped out '' . But the struggle is not that simple . At the same time of feeling deep nostalgia , and refusing to adapt to the new way with help from his brother , because `` it is too cold up there . '' , Lee also says the new houses that he saw were `` like a paradise '' with `` Blonde people movin ' in and outa ' the rooms . '' Lee is deeply rooted in the old way of life and very unprepared socially and mentally for anything other than roaming around and stealing things . He likes comfort like anyone else , but the life of those living in those houses is like `` paradise '' . They are far and aloft , and are not in his reach . Lee wants to write something to change his life , and Austin tells him that he can really turn things around and buy a ranch . Lee 's excitement was obvious , '' -LRB- laughs -RRB- A ranch ? I could get a ranch ? '' We can see that it is very clear that even when Lee tries to change , he is only trying to change back to the old ways . Austin at the end of the play suddenly made a deal with Lee asking his brother to bring him to the desert . This shows the conflict at the other end of spectrum . Austin has more money , and has a seemingly good life . But is he really happy ? Is his frustration with life any less than Lee 's ? No . The society that he has so well adapted to is of little comfort to him . He tries for years to get a screenplay to production , but at the whim of an executive , the deal goes to his brother . Austin is frustrated , and though he types betters , suffers as much . Lee asks Austin `` maybe we 're too intelligent ... . One of us has even got a Ivy League Diploma . Now that means somethin' do n't it ? '' But no , it does n't mean as much as it seems.The truth is , the old West as it was disappeared long ago . It is no longer filled with rugged mountains , uncharted rivers , cowboy hats , and one does not have the freedom to roam around for thousands of miles with only wild animals as his companion anymore . The untamed natural world went away a hundred years ago with the railroads , and has been changing even more ever since . It is sad to see the past go by for those who grew up as a part of it . Faced with new situations , some of these people try to adapt , some have no chance to adapt , and some do n't even want to adapt . And for those who have adapted , they wonder if the decision to change in the first place was valid after all . They wonder if they should go back . That poor Lee had no chance to adapt . He was left out by progresses , and envies dearly the seemingly much more comfortable life that others have . Austin at the same time is in the mainstream of modern life , but he is just as troubled and depressed by commercialism . However , within all these confusions and fightings , all these differences and changes , there is something that has always stayed the same , and that is the true spirit of the West , the `` True West '' . The motivation for people to go to the West in the first place is also the motivation that made the world more modernized . The struggles that the first settlers of the West faced were no different from the struggles that people now face as they move into new ways of life . That spirit is not limited to time nor place , it is about the fundamental human eagerness for new and for more , and at the same time , the unquenchable ties to the past .
 The book arrived on time and in good condition . This is an excellent collection for both theatre enthusiasts , teachers and for a comprehensive sampling of what Shepard is so gifted at constructing .
 This collection features his finest and most mature work -LRB- Buried Child , Curse , True West -RRB- plus the best of his earlier plays -LRB- La Turista , The Tooth of Crime -RRB- . They all showcase his great humor and startling use of language and imagery . Th more mature works deal , unflinchingly with american families . Tongues and Savage Love , which he did in collaboration with Joseph Chaiken , are wonderful , poetic meditations of existence and identity . If you are interested in Shepard as a playwright this is the finest collection of his best work . After this , I recommend seeking out the plays Fool for Love and A Lie of the Mind , for more of his `` mature '' work and then also Angel City as another prime example of the imaginative flights he took with his earlier work . In case you do n't already know , Shepard is one of the most important American playwrights . Period .
 Takes the ruins and all the infinite detritus that is modern America and transforms them into an art that is both timely and mythic , and always genuinely American . One of those few writers who brings his work directly from the depths of his own mangled innards .
 This book has been very helpful to me in studying Spanish-I especially like this book because it is translated into English as well . Even if you 're a beginner you will understand it as well.I highly recommend this book to others who are studying this language .
 I 'm unable to judge the quality of the translations . Many are well-phrased in English , but some that try to replicate rhyme and meter seem a little awkward . Many , many delightful poems , but I was disappointed that Pablo Neruda is not included .
 I borrowed this book from my local library for my 4 yr . old who is in love with `` piggies '' ! She loved it , as did my 8 yr . old , who giggled and asked me to read it again . We liked it so much , we decided to purchase our own . The rhymes are funny and the illustrations are wonderfully drawn and entertaining . I must admit , I enjoyed it as much as they did .
 I love reading this book with my 21/2 year old . She 's asked to read the book every day since we got it . She loves the rhythm of the words and the easy-to-remember phrases . As an adult , it 's fun to read aloud with the opportunity towards the end of the book to speed up the words and be a little creative . Best of all it talks about laughter , something that can make us all feel good !
 The Libertarians just do n't ever seem to get any respect . Even though they 've managed to survive and grow -LRB- albiet slowly -RRB- over the past 30 years -LRB- as opposed to the late Reform Party -RRB- and they 've also managed to show a consistent strength without resorting to continually renominating the same celebrity candidate -LRB- as opposed to the Greens -RRB- , many political commentators tend to dismiss America 's largest third party as `` a bunch of Republicans who want to get stoned . '' The fact of the matter is that , even as the Libertarians have been ridiculed , many of their ideas have been adopted into the so-called political `` mainstream . '' Even their most controversial stand -- the legalization of drugs -- has become more and more acceptable with each passing year . And , compared to most other third party candidates , the Libertarians have been able to consitently nominate credible candidates for the office of presidency -- such as Ron Paul in 1988 and especially Ed Clark in 1980 . Polling over a million votes , Clark was by far the Libertarians most succesful presidential candidate and his campaign is reponsible for bringing several previously frustrated voters into his party 's camp . Clark wrote a New Beginning specifically for the 1980 campaign and , despite being twenty years old , it remains a valuable introduction to the beliefs and philosophy behind the Libertarian Party . Writing in clear , level-headed prose , Clark explains why the Libertarians believe that government has become too intrusive in American life , why the War on Drugs is a waste of taxpayer money that does more harm than good , and -- perhaps most importantly -- demolishes the myth that the Libertarians are a bunch of a anti-government flakes . Instead , Clark details policies that , if radical , also tend to make a lot more sense than the bloated government gridlock perpatrated by the mainstream political establishment over the past few decades . While I do n't agree with the entire platform -LRB- in specific , the isolationist bent of some Libertarians tends to leave me a bit alienated -RRB- , its still a well-written polemic that deserves every voter 's consideration .
 I read this in ' 80 , and voted for Clark . I long ago lost the book , but recently bought it again . His same arguments apply today , but when he made them , they would have been effective and the required adjustments would not have been as severe and sudden as they are going to by necessity be today.Standing back and comparing today with America 50 years ago is informative ; Clarks ' book came out midway in that run , as an early reaction to what he saw coming.JFK 's federal spending in early 60 's was $ 100B , over half of which was for defense at the peak of the Cold War . That was an America with a population that was about half of ours today , maybe more , but let 's call it half to be generous.We can inflation adjust JFK 's spending by x 7.5 , and population adjust by x 2.0 to get to $ 1500B/yr in federal spending . We are at $ 3800B/yr in federal debt fueled spending . That is 243 % of JFK 's fully adjusted number . Is that a fair adjustment ? And then some . It assumes , for instance , that the population was half , and yet it was more like 180M . We are at 330M , so that adjustment should only be 1.83 . As well , it assumes zero -LRB- 0 -RRB- increase in the efficiency of government . IOW , the art of governance has not advanced in 50 years of technology , such that it costs just as much per capita to ` govern ' today as it did in JFK 's early 60s , still waiting as it was for the 029 punchcard machine to show up.If JFK 's defense budget grew by that same generous factor of 15 , it would be $ 780B today . But the GOP was just chastised for increasing the Obama Administrations defense budget request from 70 % of JFK 's fully adjusted number to 71 % of JFK 's fully adjusted number . Well of course ; we are no longer in the middle of the Cold War , it should be smaller . But ask yourself ; if defense is at 71 % of JFK 's fully adjusted number , then why is total federal spending at 253 % of JFK 's fully adjusted number ? -LRB- Remember , in current dollars , it is really at 3800 % of JFK 's spending . Population
 Ed Clark -LRB- born 1930 -RRB- ran for Governor of California in 1978 -LRB- receiving more than 5 % of the votes -RRB- , and for President as the nominee of the Libertarian Party in the 1980 election . -LRB- He received 1.06 % of the total popular vote , which is the highest a Libertarian Party candidate has ever received in a presidential race . -RRB- This was his `` campaign book '' for 1980 , and makes an effective introduction to Libertarianism , with chapters such as Cutting Government Down to Size ; The Inflation Hoax ; Non-Intervention
 George Betts writes a sensitive and beautiful pre-New Age book with poems and prose about love , relationships and inner turmoil . The book is a reflection of the turbulent the 60s and early 70s . George Betts and his photo-illustrator produce a book worth reading , even in the 90s
 Readers of `` Afternoons with Mr. Hogan '' will not come away with great revelations about the game of golf , but they will find out a little more about the mysterious and very private golf legend , Ben Hogan . Written by Hogan 's former `` ball shagger '' , Jody Vasquez , `` Afternoons ... '' is a short little book that is a one-afternoon read . Vasquez relates many stories about his days retreiving Hogan 's practice shots at Shady Oaks Country Club . The reader will get a few snippets about Hogan 's philosophy regarding the golf swing -LRB- including the famous Hogan `` Swing Secret '' -RRB- , but will come away with a lot more information about Hogan the person.Well worth your time if you 're a fan of the game or of Ben Hogan , `` Afternoons with Mr. Hogan '' is a innocuous look back at a young boy 's chance encounter with one of the legends of the game and the positive impact that Hogan had on his life .
 This is n't a golf book in the traditional sense but about someone who plays golf ... really well . You wo n't learn any `` secrets '' in that you 'll want to run to the course and try them . Instead you 'll learn a little more about Hogan the person and not Hogan the golfer . To me Hogan comes across a somewhat shy in his personal life and as someone who does n't know how to relate to people because of his fame . He does n't see himself as anyone special , just someone who worked hard to be the best at something he loved . The book kind of takes Hogan off his perch when you learn he 's like any other man and I think I would enjoy meeting this Hogan more than the one I previously had a mental picture of.The book is fairly short and broken down into short easy to read stories that you can read it in one sitting or a little over 2-3 days .
 Loved this book . I 'm a newbie to golf , and this book was full of charm . It 's not going to really teach you how to golf , but it will teach you to appreciate the intricacies of the game , and a great personality in it.Plus , it will inspire you to practice , because Hogan was a true student of the game . And that never hurts .
 The book delivered promptly and in great condition . This is going to be a favorite as I shagged balls much as did the author , but not with anyone like Hogan . I like his take on `` Hogan 's secret '' and of why he lost his putting touch later in life . It was very nostalgic for me and enlightening . I enoyed it very much .
 If you are a golfer and know who Ben Hogan is you will not be able to put this book down until you finish it . I knew Jodie which made me appreciate it even more and Ben Hogan is just the greatest golfer who ever lived . You will enjoy it .
 Bill Gates is famous for his yearly retreats where he takesa pile of books and reads them . Maybe that 's the one thingtoday 's managers should emulate . If you do , bring this bookalong on your first sabatical.This all new edition of the book -LRB- first published in 1997 -RRB- was even renamed to include its new , extended charter . `` Clearly management must take a leadership role in helpingthe organization behave in a more predictable way . It isfor this reason that the title of the book has been changedto include managers . -LSB- the book -RSB- includes specific actionsthat managers can take to help organizations behave in amore predictable manner . `` Software development is a difficult disciple to master.Even so , technical acumen is no guarantee of quality . `` Asobserved by Dr. Edwards Deming , ` The quality of a productis directly related to the quality of the process used tocreate it . ' '' Verification -LRB- `` are we building the productright ? '' -RRB- and validation -LRB- `` are we building the right product ? '' -RRB- are the first questions one must ask to begin the pathof process improvement . This book addresses those questionsand more.The book is divided into four large sections . The firstthree sections are brought forward from the previousedition with some noticeable improvements . The new editionis not just a rehash of the old stuff , however . Over 30 newpages of appendices and an entire new section of the bookaimed at management with over 70 new pages have been added.Other improvements are also evident including better formatting.For example , the font selection and layout are much easier onthe eyes than in the previous edition.If you own the first edition , this is a `` must have '' update.If you do n't own the first edition , consider this work anSQA department `` starter kit . '' It is well organized , wellannotated , and filled with practical artifacts such aschecklists for inspections , suggested document outlines , and the like . This is stuff you can use.Chapter 12 is specifically for the CEO and should berequired reading by anyone running a company with asoftware development function . `` Managers and executivesneed to understand that having a predictable softwaredevelopment process is vitally important to the long-termsuccess of their business . '' Rakitin shows how , then showswhat can be done . The prose is crisp and to-the-point . Well done .
 Este es un libro eminentemente pr&aacute;ctico sobre `` Ingenier&iacute;a del Software '' . A diferencia de otros libros , excesivamente llenos de ejemplos -LRB- normalmente de las malas pr&aacute;cticas -RRB- , &eacute;ste se centra en describir las diferentes aproximaciones para todas las etapas de desarrollo del software . Aunque se decanta por el modelo de desarrollo `` Waterfall '' , explica otros modelos de desarrollo.Un elemento a destacar de este libro es la calidad de los ap&eacute;ndices que incluyen numerosas plantillas de ejemplo para cada una de las etapas de desarrollo , y en especial para los procesos de inspecci&oacute;n , y seguimiento de los errores.Otro aspectos que se cubren &eacute;xito en este libro son los dedicados a la estimaci&oacute;n de esfuerzos para la planificaci&oacute;n , estimaci&oacute;n de riesgo que en casi ning&uacute;n libro de ingenier&iacute;a del software ofrece alternativas tan interesantes como en este.A modo de ejemplo , los ap&eacute;ndices que incluye son los siguientes : - Inspection Roles and Responsibilities - A Sample Inspection Process - Inspection Process Forms - Inspection Checklist - Attributes of Good Requirements Specifications - Sample Criteria for Selecting Modules for Code Inspection - Sample Software Development Process Based on the Waterfall Model . - Document Outlines - Test Cases for the Triangle Program -LRB- example -RRB- - Software Reliability Models . - The Yellow Sticky Method - Software Development Best Practices - Software Quality Best Practices - Project Postmortems - Root-Cause AnalysisFinalmente el autor mantiene una p&aacute;gina Web asociada al libro
 The Lost Art of Disciplemaking is a classic devoted to raising up of faithful disciples of Christ . The material lists are extensive , and I chose to use Studies in Christian Living by the Navigators for my studies with a new believer I am discipling . The Lost Art of Disciplemaking uses various chapters in this book series , but does not use them all . For example it only uses the first lesson in book one and never goes back to book one to finish it up . I highly reccomend both the book and the series for basic follow-up . The book goes on to talk about raising up Christian Leadership , but that is further than I am able to take a person . I hope you will enjoy the book .
 This book has challenged to change the way I think and behave as a disciple of Christ Jesus . At the same time it has been a practical guide on how to make disciples . It is n't about getting converts . To make disciples takes a grEat deal more time and effort . So , if you are interested having strong and solid believers that are good for ministry in your congregation this is the book for you.The Lost Art of Disciple Making
 The book arrived in great condition . The delivery time was acceptable . This is a re-print of an older standard , still useful today .
 Great Book and need to be taught to all believers . Very organized chapters and great real life examples . Soft paper and good font size , for comfy reading . I read this book when I 'm spiritually unmotivated .
 i read this book several years ago ... but still it touchs my heart for God .
 wow , that book helped me to see things in the way i did n't see it before . very practical book , the one every Christian should read .
 I enjoyed this book , and have passed it on to another in leadership at our church.The appendix alone is worth the cost of this book , giving suggestions for areas of growth for all believers .
 This has helped me in my ministry tremendously . A good practical guide on how to lead men and develop them into leaders
 Leroy Eims has hit the nail on the head with this book ! My copy of it is about 10 or 11 years old and I still use it ! Without a doubt , Eims has mastered one-on-one discipleship in this book . He shares with us the importance of disciple-making and how to do it correctly and systematically . He tells us what to look for in a potential disciple and the four progressive steps in the life of a Bible student
 The concept of training Christians to be mature , reproducing Christians is not a new concept . Nor is it a concept that is controversial . Christians know that this is an important issue , taught and modeled not only by Jesus but by his followers throughout the New Testament . The problem lies in application . A healthy , disciple producing church can be hard to come by , and even in individual Christians ' lives , the practice of discipleship can be a rare commodity . This book is valuable in that it outlines the biblical view on discipleship , but the book goes further in providing many concrete examples of how discipleship is to be pulled off . An appendix in the back is essentially a guide for discipleship meetings giving thirty important topics and the tools to be able to hold a bible study with each of these topics . A characteristic of the book that I especially appreciated and found helpful was the author 's continual emphasis of the role of the Word of God in discipleship . This is the foundation for the theory of discipleship , and it is also the main tool that we use in actually performing discipleship . This book is refreshingly simple , yet challenging . It is challenging because there is amazing potential in doing biblical discipleship in our churches and in our individual lives.The only negative I found in the book was one that I commonly struggle with when reading Christian non-fiction . At times the author appears arrogant , especially in the use of personal experiences . There was more than one story in this book about how some misguided individual was enlightened by the wise example of the author himself . This writing style always bothers me and always comes across as arrogant . Do not let this distract from the main thrust of the book , for the content of the book is valuable .
 This famous book is an excellent introduction to the idea of disciple making , this book includes a few study guides in the back that could be used in a cooperative study with disciples . Eims is passionate to persuade people of the value of disciple making . The only unfortunate thing about this book is that it is brief , and only covers the early stages of this lost art . - Dennis McCallum , authorOrganic Disciplemaking
 This is a great book for small group leaders ! I found it very informative , it guides you through a serious steps and ideas to stimulate growth in yourself or the people in your group that you are mentoring . I recommend this book to everyone who has some type of leadership in the church . Easy read , very enjoyable , and very informative .
 There is nobody out there teaching us this stuff . This is what we as Christians have been missing . We have to fight to learn to disciple others effectively and this is one of the best books i have ever read and one of the best places to start .
 Eims challenges the would be disciple maker to take serious the churches role in carrying out the great commission . The book is an excellent companion to leading a discipleship group .
 How amazing , to be called by GOD to spread his great news ! This book is a must have for the one wanting to learn how to bring others to know GOD in a manner like that of the apostles ! This book instructs you on how to become a disciple maker . Easy read , Great stories and an appendix full of activities to learn from . Highly recommend to all Christians !
 This book changed my thought process about desciple making . It was thorough and to the point , yet it is an easy read . I would reccomend this book to anyone who has eternal life and want to see others become disciples of Jesus Christ .
 condition of book was great , better than the description , easy to read , recommended for every library , very in depth yet very simple
 it was n't a waste of time , either . It 's about a 16 year old girl named Beth who is forced to go along with her mother to her mother 's childhood home . Hanny Lynn , Beth 's mother , ran away from her family when she was a teenager and has n't had contact with them since , and for a good reason ! But what secret is hiding under the surface of this family ? And why does Aunt Iris hate Hanny Lynn so much?It was a little disappointing . I was expecting so much more from this book , but I do have to say the characterization was strong . I liked the contrasting personalities - especially that of drunken Aunt Iris . And the whole glass concept woven into the book was interesting as well . All in all , I 'd probably give it a B.
 This is a fabulous book ! It captures the reader , whoever that lucky person is , so that it is nearly immpossible to put it down . With a great plot , and many exciting moments , i would give this book 6 stars if the ratings even went that high . Also , the books Pale Phinix & Dreadfull Sorry are great , along with all of her other books .
 it was a very good book ... lots of depth and mystery ... i love kathryn reiss . her style is unique and this book was unpredictable like the rest .
 This was a very good , well thought out book with many interesting twists.GO READ IT !!!!!
 The Glass House People - By Kathryn ReissThe protagonist in this book is Hannah . When Hannah was fifteen she ran away from her family , and house . She did this because she felt like she was in love with her sisters &#65533; to be &#65533; husband . One night Hannah was talking to him in his bedroom , and Iris -LRB- Hannah &#65533; s sister -RRB- , walked in , and got the wrong idea . That night he was told to leave the house right away by Hannah &#65533; s an Iris &#65533; s parents . They were all crowded around the top of the staircase , and somehow he fell , cracked his head on the radiator , and died . Hannah &#65533; s goal was to have a good relationship with her family , but mainly her sister . Since what happened , she wasn &#65533; t sure if they would forgive her.Hannah &#65533; s barrier is when she brings her children , Tom , and Beth to her family at her old house , Iris is still thinking that Hannah pushed her husband . Iris refuses to forgive her sister . At the end of the book , they figure out who really pushed him.I liked the author &#65533; s writing style because she did n't go on and on , but instead she just explained what needed to be explained . When I first started to read this book , I thought that it was going to be a romance . I decided to keep reading though , and found that it was more of a mystery . I &#65533; m not one who loves mysteries , but I liked this one a lot ! I would recommend this book to anyone who likes mysteries , or who likes to read books that seem realistic .
 I just finished reading this book . It was awesome , and I could n't put it down ! The characters were very realistic , and I could picture everything . The plot was great . It was full of suspense . I would reccomend this book to anyone who likes mysteries . Here 's my summary
 This book was a good book . It kept me want to read on and on . The only reason I gave it **** is because I got kind of confused during the middle of it . Here 's my summary on the book : A teenage girl named Beth has to go with her mom and brother to stay with her mom 's family . She has to leave behind her boyfriend , Ray , with whom she works at a stained glass store . Her mom ran away from home when she was 17 and had n't been back since then . When they get to the house , Beth meets her crazy , drunk aunt named Iris . Iris severly dislikes Beth 's mom , who 's name is Hannah . Beth is not really sure why . In this book , Beth finds out what truly happened the night before Hannah ran away and why she did.This book leaves you hanging on the edge of your seat waiting to see what comes next !! Enjoy !!
 A Review by SherriI thought this `` The glass house people '' was a good book , I thought Hannah was the best character though , because she was accused for killing someone , so it was like a mystery . It seemed like you were actually in the story , like when they got to their grandmas and grandpas house . They explained how the house was , and what it looked like . I would give this book a rating of 5 stars , because it was GOOD ! I think anyone who likes mysteries should read this book ; it 's an AWESOME book !
 Five stars is the right rateing for this book , I started to read it , and I could n't put it down !!! Beth is stuck in a car going to her grandparents house for the first time with her brother and widower mother . Beth doesnt even want to be there she was forced to go by her mother . When they reach their destination , Beth is amazed that this is the enviornment that her mother grew up in . Beth soon learns that all is n't what it appears . Her crazy aunt is always yelling at her and her mother for some unknown reason . Beth soon learns the startling truth . Her aunt was to be married but the man was killed by falling down the steep stairs and hitting his head on the radiator . Beth wanders for answers and starts to find some interesting information , her mother was a `` rebel '' in her younger years and was trying to split the marridge of her sister and her fiance . Later she learns that it might be her mothers fault !!! Will she ever know who did it ??? An absolute must-read mystery book . It will keep you wondering to the very end !
 Hey Everybody , I read this book and I thought it was GREAT.It has a good plot . It has good charchter structure . I started reading it and it was BORING . But after I got into it I could n't stay aways from it I read it in 3 days striaght and it is like a 300 page book . Mostly it 's about a family that is falling apart casue a tradegy that happened lots of years ago . Thnax for listening to my opinon .
 When Hanny comes home after running away 20 years ago , after the death of her sister 's fiance.She finds her family ripped apart . But this time she has 2 kids , Beth 16 , and Tom 15 . They wonder if they can solder the crack back together .
 When I first purchased this book I expected a very thrilling , exciting mystery but when I finished reading it , it seemed as a somewhat boring novel because the story and events felt repetitive . That each event was just like the other . However I must say , the story did make me read on and on , for about 2 hours once . The story was quite a weird one ... A young girl named Beth and her single mother , Hannah , and younger brother , Tom , drove to the east coast from California to visit their grandparents ' home . It was uncomfortable for Beth and Tom however even more for Hannah because she ran away from her parents ' home and never returned for 20 years . Once they arrived , the layout of the house was the same , however the people were n't . Throughout their whole stay , many quarrels between Hannah and her drunken sister , Iris , had erupted about the cause of death of Clifton Becker . It was a blessing for Beth and Tom to ever get out of the house and hang out with some neighbors around . The whole stay , Beth and Tom tried to figure out the story behind Clifton and how to solve the 20 year old mystery . After all these years , someone finally admitted who pushed him down the deadly stairs , but who was it really ?
 i would give it 5 stars iloved that book i thought it was so goodthat i told my mom to go out and buy the book for me and now i am doing a reading fair project on it . If i could i would want to tell the author to please write anthor part to that book I did not think it should have been left off there . Well my name is Lindsey and i loved your book i am in 7th grade and asking please WRITE somemore !!! thanks Lindsey 13 Missississippi
 If you are a narrow gauge buff , this is the best about Eastern narrow gauge . A great place to visit when in PA. . The photos are just wonderful and capture the feel of this bucolic railroad . A ` must buy ' !
 Nice album of color images put together by a well known rail photographer.I met the photographer once at a `` Fall Festival '' at the railroad . Those were wonderful times when the railroad had four locomotives in steam at the same time . Anyway Mallory Hope Farrell was nice enough to sign my copy . I purchased it at the railroad on a prior trip . Mr Kovalchick , -LRB- the owner of the railroad -RRB- also signed my copy . So the book has added meaning to me now!If you are a model builder you wo n't be sorry you made this purchase!Some of the images were made in the 1950 's before the Railroad shut down and was reborn as a Tourist Railroad/Museum . Very interesting to see what the `` Eastie '' looked like in the `` Common-Carrier '' days .
 During the first week of September 2004 I finally decided to find the lady of my dreams through internet dating and subscribed to eHarmony with no results for one month.I decided to learn more about and purchased six books on Internet Dating including `` The Ultimate Mans Guide to Internet Dating '' which is the one that is helping me the most . This book is geared towards men and it is based on 18 tips which had made me aware of very important details that otherwise I had missed or learned only after long time experiences.In addition , it gave me great advice and direct help with my profile which I feel now reflects very well my personality in a way that is very effective.Even if I am a Latino , 65 years old and I have some unusual activities for my age , I am receiving plenty of replies from quality American ladies proper to my personality and life style.The book gave me sight to pick the two best online companies in the US.It did n't took me a lot of my time to read important effective information in this `` Ultimate Mans Guide to Internet Dating '' . Some of the other books wasted plenty of my time with useless blah blah blah information.In my opinion , this is the very best of the six books I bought .
 I wish someone had written this book years ago , it would have saved me so much time and frustration ! I think it presents a very fair and balanced look atdating today.I especially like the fact that this guy found the love of his life online and it 's not just a `` How-To-Pick-Up Girls '' manual.If you 're a guy looking for a good place to start that can save you months of trial and error GET THIS BOOK !
 I decided to try Internet dating because I am so busy with work , I could never find the time -LRB- or energy -RRB- to go to clubs to meet women . I was listening to a local radio morning show and heard these guys talk about Internet dating and bought their book . You can get good looking women to e-mail you , and I found the key to get them to e-mail me back when I emailed them . If you follow what this book says , you will have dates in about 2 weeks ! I have had 10 dates with great looking as well as fun to be around women . I now have one great gal I am dating and when she read the book , her quote was
 It was amusing to read all the reviews on this book and see the wide diversity of opinions . I know one of the authors -LRB- yes , they are real guys who happen to have the same name -RRB- . He received over 350 unsolicited emails from women in about four months and had dates every other night . I saw the emails , and the pictures of the women who sent them . Some were average , but many were very attractive ; a few were supermodel types . He 's a real man 's man who actually met and married the perfect woman for him after he wrote this book . He did n't intend the book for women -LRB- they 've got plenty of their own -RRB- , and he did n't intend it to help guys find some woman 's notion of romance . He intended it to help guys find whatever they want from online dating . So what 's the problem ?
 These guys make a great case for finding Miss Right or Miss Right Now on the Internet . There 's lots of common-sense advice that literally saved me hundreds of hours in wasted time and thousands of dollars in wasted dating money . The `` Women of Internet Dating '' section had some very funny stereotypes and I even learned something from their astrology section . Following their advice helped me find my future wife in less than 30 days ! This little book is worth it 's weight in gold .
 This book is very easy to read and gives great tips on how to use the internet to get the best results . If you have not used the internet for dating or you have not had huge success with it , you must check this book out .
 I bought this journal for my daughter -- after looking at quite a few others -- just before we left on vacation . Most of the journals I looked at were blank books or activity-type books . Blank books are fine , but sometimes kids have a hard time getting started without a little help . At least mine does . Each page of this journal has prompts that motivated my daughter to keep good notes about the trip . Most interesting of all was the fact that she continued to write in it during our entire vacation without any hounding from me . I 've always encouraged her to keep a travel journal because they 're great to refer to later , but it 's always been a chore to get her to write . This one really solved that problem .
 I 'm not usually one to keep a journal , but during a recent road trip throughout the country , I decided to document our family vacation . I wanted a journal that would be easy to use , would n't take up a lot of room in my bag , and was structured in a way that helped me think about the important things that I wanted to remember about this trip . The Giant Journal for the World Traveler fit the bill perfectly ! I have since purchased copies for friends and family as gifts and strongly recommend this journal for all travelers .
 An elegantly written novel that will delight and intrigue anyone interested in American history and politics , `` The Demigod '' provides an especially enjoyable reading experience for those Americans who lived during the Great Depression of the 1930s . Cleverly intertwining the historical narratives of FDR and his colleagues and the colorful radio priest Rev. Charles Coughlin -LRB- here disguised as the `` fictional '' character Father Clarence Wheeler -RRB- , author Richard Pirodsky tells a compelling story seasoned throughout with surprise `` appearances '' by major sports and entertainment figures of the period.Pirodsky 's astoundingly detailed knowledge of the political and economic history of 20th-century America , his profound insights into the complex relationships between intellectual ideologies and human nature , and his passion for American popular culture combine to make this historical novel much more than just a `` genre '' treatment of a piece of our past . A master of the craft of clean literary expression , Pirodsky uses his brilliant wit and graceful storytelling ability to present fresh , bold opinions that force us to re-examine everything we thought we knew and felt about our history and its impact on our lives today . `` The Demigod '' is an important book . It will captivate you , amuse you , disturb you , but ultimately leave you wanting to learn more . The fascinating career of its central character -- Coughlin , the controversial demagogue -- continued well beyond the years covered in Pirodsky 's novel . Is there a sequel in the works ? We sure hope so .
 Throughout his life Maurice Sachs ' greatest talents were self-delusion and betrayal . His charm , looks and ability to write a competent professional prose took him into the highest circles of interwar French culture and the most mundane and improbable circles of the small-town America lecture circuit . His sexuality , enthusiasms and cycles of hero-worship-resentment-rejection of Cocteau , Marc Bloch , Jacques Maritain , among others , made his life a continuous series of rises and falls , frauds and self-destructions , culminating in his collaboration with the Gestapo -LRB- he was half-Jewish -RRB- and death in Hamburg under mysterious circumstances during the war . In Witches ' Sabbath he tells his own story , justifying himself , blaming himself , revealing himself in ways he may not fully understand . Because of his narcissism , you wo n't learn much about the others , but his work reads like a novel written in the voice of an unreliable narrator , and is endlessly fascinating . There is a little of him in all of us . The superb translation by Richard Howard may make his writing better than it is . It is out-of-print and has largely disappeared from lending libraries . It deserves a new edition .
 Sachs died , age 39 , when an SS bullet in 1945 enteredhis neck -LRB- or so we 're told -RRB- . His was the Hollywood endingto a life of flesh & fantasy . Sachs was a French charmer , cad , deceiver , thief . He had no morality at all , but he had `` Something '' -- wit , looks , sex appeal ? We 'll never know.He gambled his life away in the social sense , becoming inthe '20s a special friend of Cocteau-Gide while still in histeens . He knew Picasso , Soutine , Chanel and the philosopherJacques Maritain , and this memoir , along w other writings , makes him a -LRB- notorious -RRB- Underground Literary Figure.Born into a rich , connected Jewish family , he lived on the edge.Dated 1939 , his book was finished in 1942 , a year before he wasarrested by the Gestapo . Reportedly an informer , he double-crossedthe worst thugs . His self-destructive life is a staggering mini-series . A Felix Krull-type , he moved in literary-artistic circles , usingfamily and male poohbahs . After meeting Maritain he converted toCatholicism and decided to become a priest . When Glenway Westcott andRebecca West suggested he relax on the Riviera , his indiscretionstook him to other pews.He dabbled at art dealing . He went on an American lecture tour . He meta minister 's daughter fr Smalltown , USA , and married her in a hilariousBabbitty ceremony . There was a problem
 ` The Moment of Astrology ' takes a thorough look at astrology through examining the arguments against , and attacks on astrology by various people and groups over hundreds of years . These relate particularly to the arguments of St Augustine from more than fifteen hundred years ago , Pico della Mirandola from more than five hundred years ago , and more recently of 186 scientists in 1975 . Geoffrey Cornelius is a consultant astrologer with a background in philosophy and divination and has been active in UK astrological education since the 1970s . The author is a past President of the both Astrological Lodge of the Theosophical Society and the Astrological Lodge of London , as well as a former editor of the quarterly journal ` Astrology ' . He co-founded the Company of Astrologers in 1983 . I have n't read a lot of these types of books so was a bit worried that the language would be too technical or hard to understand - I was pleasantly surprised to find the language used was very easy to understand and flowed well . The style of writing was very smooth . Obviously you do have to have a good understanding of astrological theory and principles to understand the arguments in ` The Moment of Astrology ' . Some of the techniques explored include horary , katarche and an exploration of the use of symbol in the astrological chart . Cornelius also spends a couple of chapters exploring science and symbol - I found these fascinating and would recommend that anybody involved in astrology should read at least these two chapters . A thorough examination of the relationship between astrology and science is given , with exploration of various scientific experiments that have been held over the years -LRB- including the New York Suicide Study , the Vernon Clark Experiments , and also a look at Jung in relation to astrology . The Appendix is excellent and well worth reading to get full benefit of some of the arguments presented in this title.This book gave me much more than I expected so I recommend ` The Moment of Astrology ' to the reader who has a thorough understanding of astrological principles , who perhaps feels that there is something lacking in their technique , or for those that are looking for a different way to understand this complex subject .
 This book is a work of genius , whether or not you believe or completely disbelieve astrology . I personally do n't believe in it -LRB- yet -RRB- . In fact , as a serious amateur astronomer , I know a lot about the stars , and have long focused on the science of stellar evolution and cosmology . But that has never eliminated a fascination with the historical richness of the ideas and symbolism of astrology , and I have always had a fondness for the period when astronomers and astrologers were one -- literally , as in Kepler and Brahe . In fact , I have always felt that Science was just one way of looking at the world -- a good way , but not the only way , and just a full of its own biases as any other perspective . In this book , Cornelius combines what is clearly a profoundly learned and creative grasp of astrology 's history with a fluid literary skill that makes complex ideas and comparisons read like poetry . Never content with superficial analysis , he delves into what I -LRB- as a relative beginner -RRB- would call Deep Esoterica , and makes it fun and illuminating ; witness for example his explication of the Greek word , katarche , and its evolution through many centuries of use and misuse by astrologers , just one example of thousands in this book of analyses that are always clearly connected to a strong evaluation of past and current astrology . This is his strongest point ... whatever topic he choses is always focused on a higher purpose , a larger argument that keeps these complicated issues buzzing along . Any lesser talent would overwhelm the reader with details and drive them to the simplistic trivia of modern astrology . But the clarity and originality of his ideas keeps us motivated and on target . For non-astrologers , don , t let the few horoscope analyses in the early chapters discourage you from reading on ; while these are beyond the beginner , most of the major points he makes are understandable by anyone interested in philosophy and culture , and bring a refreshing insight into the underpinnings of this ancient art/religion/science / divination .
 I 'm a bit embarrassed to say that I only read this book quite recently on the recommendation of a friend . The book has been around since the mid-90s . In my defense I had gotten interested in horary astrology in the 80s and spent a decade reading everything I could find and doing hundreds and hundreds of charts . In the late 80s I wrote my first book on horary -LRB- published in 1991 and now out of print -RRB- . It was subtitled `` Horary Astrology
 This book is highly recommended by Robert Hand in a mini lecture he did at NORWAC and during his lecture to the entire group at The Blast 2007 !
 For years I and probably most astrologers thought astrology was objective . Through this book I realized a good astrology reading is made up of the astrologer , the client , and astrology concepts . Astrology can not be tested or practiced as the machine of destiny
 The Greenes ' `` Hidden Ivies '' is the best overall guide to the best colleges that are not covered in their other book covering the Ivy League universities . The contents are up to date , detailed , cover all aspects of these schools , and are free of the kneejerk conservative agenda that underlie some of the other detailed college guides , e.g. `` The Best 100 Colleges '' . The approach in this book is somewhat similar to Pope 's `` 40 Colleges That Change Lives '' , although the latter is geared more to B students , while this book is geared to A students -LRB- to oversimplify ! -RRB- What comes across clearly in the Greenes ' approach is that these schools are the equal of the Ivy League schools in every respect , with perhaps a bit less stress and pressure . In fact , a number of these schools -LRB- e.g. Amherst , Middlebury , and Pomona -RRB- are actually more selective than at least some of the Ivies . Additionally this book , like Pope 's , gets the point across that there are advantages to the more personal learning approach of the liberal arts colleges versus the larger class environments of the Ivy League universities . Students at the top of their class really owe it to themselves to consider these schools in addition to the Ivies . After all , the fact that eight excellent universities decided to formally band together in the 1950s to form an athletic league hardly makes those eight universities `` the best '' per se . Are Penn and Cornell really `` better '' than Amherst or Middlebury ? Some may think so , but even then it 's not because they 're in the `` Ivy League '' -LRB- By that measure Stanford , Chicago , and Johns Hopkins would n't be top tier either - an assertion that would be ridiculous -RRB- . In any case , this book is essential reading for any high school achiever interested in going to a top school , i.e. any one of the top 30-40 schools !
 The Greenes have written numerous college guides . I have read a couple of them . And , based on my firsthand experience they are excellent . They typically address a specific topic . Thus , they avoid or go beyond the bland generalities conveyed by other not so good college guides.In this book , the Greenes focus on what they call the Hidden Ivies , or 30 schools that they consider meet the educational standards of the actual Ivies . These are mainly top-notch small liberal arts colleges often located on the East Coast . Within this list of 30 schools there are not any surprises . These are very well established renowned institutions , which are often nearly as selective as the Ivy League themselves . In other words , the Hidden Ivies are not so hidden . Indeed , try getting in Amherst , Claremont McKenna , Pomona , or Middlebury . If you can , one could argue you may as well apply to Yale , Princeton , and Harvard.The Greenes make a good case that the Hidden Ivies offer a superior education that even the actual Ivies ca n't match . This superior education is a liberal arts curriculum offered on small residential campuses where the institution is often dedicated solely to undergraduate students . This is in contrast to the more prestigious Ivies where a significant amount of resources is diverted towards graduate programs and research . The Greenes further advance their case by sharing the superior record that some of the smaller Hidden Ivies have in the % of their graduates they send on to complete PhDs.This book is filled with very useful information , including
 People know of the Ivy League schools because they 're old and established , have produced numerous notable people , have some tremendous programs , and have received lots of PR . Often they 're selected for potential to impart a `` credential '' or `` reputation . '' But there are trade-offs . -LRB- I read about them in Greene 's other eye-opening book on the Elite Colleges . -RRB- I 'm a parent and I wanted to start a list of potential colleges for my child that did n't have quite the hype , but offered strong academic programs , meaningful relationships with teachers , and perhaps not quite the stress and snobbery . This , and Loren Pope 's books , are the best ones I 've found to do that . Includes schools you might not have ever considered.Balance these with something like the Fiske guide to give you a real sense of what it feels like to be at these colleges . Slim on West Coast schools , but maybe not too many fit the bill . Good for West Coast students , who often do n't consider colleges outside of their state university and college system.High Schools should have this and the Pope and Fiske books on the College Center shelves . Probably they do n't , or the students would n't know it was worth it to look at . So , kick in the bucks and share among friends .
 All parents should read this book before their first child starts the college process . It is a great primer on 30 of the best schools in the nation that do n't happen to be `` Ivies . `` Some parents feel they do n't need this education , because they may have gone to elite colleges themselves decades ago , and they believe they already know the lay of the land . But the world has changed , folks . From 1970 to 2000 , the U.S. population has grown by 78 million , with the percentage of the population attaining bachelor degrees more than doubling . The Ivy League schools have n't magically grown big enough to accomodate that kind of increase in students ! There are plenty of brilliant , talented kids out there with much to offer , and they 're not all going to be at Ivy League schools.So if you were able to somehow attain Ivy undergraduate acceptance `` back in the day , '' congratulations , but that does n't necessarily mean your kid can do so today . -LRB- I sometimes wonder if I could get into my own Ivy Alma Mater today ! -RRB- So you need to know about a few more college alternatives , beyond the Ivies , when your student asks you about them.Like all Greenes Guides , this book is well-researched and offers wise , seasoned perspectives based on its authors ' years of extensive consulting experience . It is a `` must '' for parents of college-bound students . But as other reviewers have pointed out , these `` Hidden '' Ivies are n't so hidden anymore . I look forward to the September , 2009 release of the second edition , which promises reviews on 50 schools . This can help parents educate themselves on even more `` up and coming '' hidden gems.-Kris Hintz , www.positionu4college.com
 The book gives useful information about these colleges , but misleads students into thinking that if they do n't gain admission to an Ivy , they should consider one of these schools . None of these schools are `` hidden , '' as Greene claims . Grinnell , Oberlin , Pomona , Carleton ... are all very prestigious and well known institutions , that only accept top students . Some of the schools Greene mentions are , indeed , more selective than their Ive League peers . Amherst , Williams , and Swarthmore are certainly tougher to get into than Cornell , and they are probably more selective than Penn as well . Despite his misleading title , Greene 's underlying assertion remains feasible . It wo n't matter whether you choose a top liberal arts college or an Ivy League school when it comes to applying for job or to graduate schools .
 I checked this book out at my local library with two other college admissions guides to refesh my memory of what it 's like to go through the college application process as a part of my efforts to help my young academically gifted cousin who is beginning this process . I found this book to be thorough and easy to follow for a college bound high school student looking to broaden their options . I can relate to what it was like to be in the world of a pretentious high school senior without real world experience to tell me that the name on your degree does n't necessarily equate to how much your occupation and earnings after college will fit society 's ideal of `` success '' . I can see how this guide book could serve to reassure the ambitions while calming the anxieties of high school seniors who feel that their fate is based upon whether or not they get into a `` name '' school , which usually includes an Ivy League institution.My response to a couple of other readers ' reviews is that I can see how questioning the validity of the prestige of Ivy league institutions would seem to be a viable option . Everyone knows that `` rankings '' are subjective , and that each college has attributes that are more suitable for some students than others , but that does n't mean we have to bash those schools for their ability to maintain their success . One of the previous reviewers questioned whether or not Penn or Cornell is really better than Amherst and Middlebury , which is really an unjustified comparison when Amherst and Middlebury are two small liberal arts colleges and Penn and Cornell are not only Ivies , but very large research universities with a multitude of undergraduate and graduate programs -LRB- not to mention Cornell 's reputation of being a pressure cooker driven intellectual buffet with over-achievers representing not one , but seven undergraduate colleges -RRB- . Those of us who did n't necessarily gain admissions to an Ivy do n't have to take the resentful route of bashing them to stroke our egos . Yes , there are other colleges with top notch academic programs , and let me reiterate that going to an Ivy wo n't necessarily make you more successful than a graduate of a state university , but let 's keep the goal of looking into other schools with highly regarded programs in focus , not down playing another school 's prestige as one 's own defense mechanism . Ultimately , I would recommend this book to be read in addition to other college guides.When it comes to selecting the institution where you will be spending probably the four most mind expanding years of your life , you can never do too little research .
 For those who want more than the Ivies -- not only an Ivy-rated undergraduate education , but , virtue , leadership training , personal challenge , proving what you 're made of , pride in giving something back to your family and America -- the answer is West Point . EVERYONE has a good chance at the full scholarship . If this sounds like you , go for it.Recommended reading
 Muddle Earth caught my eye because of the title 's resemblance to Middle Earth -LRB- Tolkien -RRB- . It kept my eye because it reminded me of Douglas Adams . The book made me laugh while making me think a lot to try to sort things out . I really enjoyed it and am planning to read more of Brunner 's books .
 ahh in the vein of mr adams , monsiour rankin and jimmmy crankie , muddle earth brings together a veritable phalanx of amusing wriggling and splish-splashing in the shallow end shoal of ideas.having never read any of the authors previous work , I was surprised to find that shockwave rider was among his many classic works.A well funny read that has the added attribute of getting the brain cells cranking over.If this book were a fruit it would be an amusing shaped dingbung.which exists only in my head.ah well thats what imaginations all about i suppose.buy this book.it will do you much good .
 i was having trouble in school and my mom gave me this book . it saved me , it is easy to read and really makes sense . i 'd reccomend it to anyone having any trouble at all in high school
 i was having trouble in school and my mom gave me this book . it saved me , it is easy to read and really makes sense . i 'd reccomend it to anyone having any trouble at all in high school
 I found this book as well as Vaultreports very helpful for anyone hoping to succeed at shifting jobs or careers .
 I 'm a career counselor and an outplacement consultant . At the executive level , Lucht 's Rites of Passage -LRB- use the 2001 edition which covers the Internet -RRB- and its companion , The Executive Job-Changing Workbook , are the only two tools I insist my clients use . The Workbook helps them crystalize what to say in their resume and in interviews . It also shows them how to soft-pedal their deficiencies . I find that using both books together helps my counseling tremendously . Incidentally , the Workbook splits into two books , both with a plain white cover , so an employer wo n't accidentally see the candidate is using a commercial resource , when he/she opens his/her attache to pull out a resume . Clever ! People carry the second half to interviews and fill in its `` debriefer '' forms with everything they find out from each person in round-one of interviews . They do this as soon as they get out of the employer 's parking lot . This information , captured while it 's fresh in mind , is reviewed to prepare for second-round interviews . Employers always tell you everything they hope for in a perfect candidate . If you parrot that back in your second-round interview , you 'll defeat everyone who does n't . This Workbook is an amazing help to the executive-level job-seeker . It 's a `` secret weapon '' I do n't think most people know about . I always insist they use it if they 're going to work with me .
 This is a workbook based on John Lucht 's book `` Rites of Passage at $ 100,000 + '' . It offers a way to organize your job search , including skills inventory , resume building , cover letter writing , contact management , etc. . It can be used without the $ 100,000 + book , but ideally is used as a companion to the book.Lucht 's system outlined in the book is very narrow , advocating a mail campaign as the most important part of the job search . This workbook expands on that a fair bit , offering more resume and cover letter examples and a series of worksheets . The content is well thought out , especially the worksheets . If your plan is to organize your own work search , you can do everything with this one book - resume , cover letter , networking , interview skills , and negotiation . There are thousands of executive job searching books out there , but if you wanted to buy just one , this would be the one .
 For great advice on what to expect when you work with a executive recuiter read chapters 7-10 . Its worth the price of the book alone . Out of work high-level executives and those who want to make a solid change in their career need to read this book in order to sound smart and learn what to expect from good and bad headhunters .
 As a senior officer transitioning from the military to the civilian sector , John Lucht 's workbook is the best I 've found for folks in our category . When used in combination with his Rites of Passage `` textbook '' and his website at RiteSite.com , you have a complete resource package to guide your efforts .
 Absolutely a must have , John helps you understand the recruiter 's `` agenda '' . I continue to use it as a reference tool and have emphatically recommended it to others searching for a new career .
 It makes no sense to purchase this workbook without `` Rites of Passage '' , the companion job search book by John Lucht . If you purchase this workbook on its own to try and save money , you 'll find youself going back to order Rites of Passage anyway.This workbook is extremely useful at helping you put structure around following the advice dispensed in `` Rites '' . It forces you to put down your thoughts using a logical and organized approach . This leads you to constructing a far superior resume and cover letter than you would have done otherwise.A very valuable tool for someone seeking a new job in the $ 100K + range .
 I read the book and loved it . When I bought the work book , my first thought was that this was just some kind of book ' 0 forms . Much like what you would find in a stationary store or at an office supply store . But I was wrong . This book is really two books . The work book is designed to be cut into two different books . One is a record book that enables you to track your entire job hunting campaign . The other book , and in my opinion , the most important , enables you to create an absolutely magnificant resume . If you loved the book , then this work book is an absolute must.However , I must caution you that the workbook is , indeed , a lot of work . And so to really use the book , you must use the workbook . And to use the workbook , you need to exert effort . The rewards are great . This is a dynimite combination . He is really something else . I recommend this book very highly .
 The Executive Job-Changing Workbook by John Lucht is a Companion to Rites of Passage . It has numerous forms that are very useful in organizing a job search . It is clear , easily usable , and helps one control the organization of a varied job search . It is very cleaverly designed to take apart so that you can take one section in a briefcase on interviews . This helps recording and tracking search letters , phone calls , interviews , and thank you letters . A great help in a time consuming process .
 Mr. Lucht has written the most practical , informative and easy to use executive job-changing tools on the market . It is a best kept secret -LRB- if you are one of the $ 5000 + `` career coaching '' firms -RRB- that for under $ 70 you get more guidance and real knowledge with Mr. Lucht 's # 1 world 's bestselling book `` Rites of Passage '' and with this `` Executive Job-Changing Workbook '' than you will with many of these expensive career firms flooding the market today . This book receives my highest recommendation.WAD
 I purchased this set as a gift for a guy who lost his job . Someone gave it to me as a gift when it happened to me . Lucht gives great insight to the world of recruiters , headhunters and hiring companies . Terrific exercises to help determine a direction and where you can garner the greatest support .
 Sammy James is dead . His twin sister , Kyra , believes that it 's all her fault . He would n't have been in the compromising situation that resulted in his death if Kyra had n't driven him to it . As she awaits her turn to testify at the trial for Sammy 's murder , Kyra looks back at the past few months and ponders her role.Kyra has held the lead in every play since kindergarten in her hometown of Macon , Iowa . She 's a cheerleader who runs with the `` in '' crowd , and has already been accepted at NYU for next year . The charismatic new English teacher , Mitchell Wade , forges an instant connection with the students on their level . He is in charge of the senior play , and Kyra 's tension mounts as she 's not sure she will impress him enough to win the lead.In contrast , Sammy is laid back and does his own thing . Kyra feels the stress building each day -- the constant pressure to do , act , and be the best . She starts sneaking Xanax from her mother in order to take off the `` edge '' , and that works for a while . As Kyra becomes more and more addicted , her perception of her relationships is altered . When Sammy finds out what Kyra is doing , will she stop ? What exactly is Kyra 's role in Sammy 's death?I was pulled into KYRA 'S STORY from the first page . It is one of three books in the DEGREES OF GUILT series ; each book is written from a different person 's perspective . After reading the book , a code is included and the reader can go to the website and read that person 's trial testimony . Also featured at the website is the final verdict naming who is responsible for what happened to Sammy.Kyra could be any high school senior . Her struggles with perfection will hit home for anyone who is currently experiencing the drama of high school , as well as those who are looking back . My daughter is a senior , and she said , `` Wow , this author really knows what we 're going through ! '' Sammy is the innocent victim , and it will be interesting to see how everything plays out over the course of the next books . Mitchell Wade is the ultimate villain ; he 's cunning and integrates himself into the lives of the teens in a way that seems commonplace and natural.A subtle faith message is included , as Kyra learns to depend on God rather than the drugs for her strength . KYRA 'S STORY has universal appeal , and is highly recommended for both adults and teens . All three books are available now , and readers will want to pick up all of them to get the full picture of the events surrounding Sammy 's death.Courtesy of www.BookLoons.com
 What I truly enjoyed about all three books of `` Degrees of Guilt '' was the feeling that I was given private passage into the heads of the teenagers in the story . I say story , singular , because it is one story , with three different perspectives . Read all three to find out how Sammy really died . Tyrone , Miranda , and Kyra all have feelings of guilt , that they could have somehow prevented Sammy 's death . These books are about how it happened and how each person dealt with their actions leading up to , and after , Sammy 's death.I would have guessed that the story would get old before finishing the third book , but each character 's personality and the circumstances were so different that it stayed fresh.I highly recommend these books to both young people and their parents .
 Wow ! That 's pretty much all I can say . I have just finished all three books in this series and I am amazed . I want it to keep going . It keeps you right on the edge and you always want to know what is coming next . These books will grip your heart -LRB- I cried at least three times -RRB- and show you how true and real God 's love and forgiveness is . If you are looking for a little bit of Hope , healing , love , encouragement , romance , mystery or anything else , these books will give it to you . They definitely blew my expectations of it out of the water . READ IT !!! and the rest of the series !
 Review by Gigi HoffmanIn Dandi Daley Mackall 's Degrees of Guilt
 This book is well writen and very highly recomended.This book shows the real life of some teens and what they go through to be cool , or popular . Macon , Iowa . A small town with very little people . Kyra has lived here all of her life , and everything was perfect . Until a new teacher arrives and mixes up everything . How did it go down hill so fast ? Who was the cause ? Read to find out .
 This series is about the guilt three different people feel involving the death of Sammy , who is a twin brother to Kyra . This book is Kyra 's point of view . This series is interesting because there are three different points of view and you get to see how each person tells the story . This book was absolutely amazing ! Everything in this book was so real , I could actually see something like that happening in my town and in my highschool . Everyone can relate to something in the book , maybe even more than one thing . I could not put it down and found myself staying up late just to get further into the book ! I ca n't wait to read the next book , Miranda 's story . I would recommend this book to all teen girls out there or anyone else looking for a great read ! You wo n't be disappointed , I know I was n't !
 i think this book was a very good book . it is a good book for young teens/adults should read before they go out and do something like partying or drinking underage without thinking first.and hopefully they will think before doing things . over all it was a great book and i would read it again . i recomend this book to young adults , and hope that everyone else who reads it too likes it .
 Kyra 's Story is about a girl named Kyra , and her troubles in life . She has a Brother named Sammy , and friends named Miranda and her boyfriend Ryan , and her best friend in the world Dylan . She is a senior and is so nervous about the play tryouts . She always gets the lead , and she is nervous that she wo n't get the part since they have a new English teacher named Mitch . When she does n't think that her tryout is good enough she demands that she tryout again . She gets nervous and sneaks into his pills . After that she felt like she needed pills so she took her mother 's pills and blamed it on her brother . When her brother finds out he makes her stop and then tells him that he 's a geek and so shy and up tight . So after that she did n't see him until the night of the play . after the play they threw a party at Miranda 's house but something went terribly wrong . Something Kyra and everyone their will regret for the rest of their lives .
 The Centenary of Siqueiros ' birth was in l996 , and this book makes an outstanding contribution to a celebration of Siqueiros ' life and works . It is a full political biography of the artist-citizen-socialist fighter , as well as an `` art book '' with 72 pages that present 134 photos and reproductions . These are discussed and explained in the text along with Siqueiros ' theories about art and new realism . Philip Stein discloses for the first time the extensive FBI files meddling in the affairs of Mexican citizens . Siqueiros
 I do n't know if you 'll find a better image gallery of Siqueiros 's work . An inspiring man whose talent and passion are still relevant today .
 The Centenary of Siqueiros ' birth is in 1996 , and this book makes an outstanding contribution to a celebration of Siqueiros ' life and works . It is a full political biography of the artist-citizen-socialist fighter , as well as an `` art book '' with 72 pages that present 134 photos and reproductions . These are discussed and explained in the text along with Siqueiros ' theories about art and new realism . Philip Stein discloses for the first time the extensive FBI files meddling in the affairs of Mexican citizens.Siqueiros
 This is the story of a young man whose father gets killed out on his own range , sells off the land and stock , then goes off to be a doctor . He watches his own father die and this is his inspiration to become a doctor . When he comes back to Coffin Gap , however , things have changed . He soon finds out that there is a lot more to Coffin Gap that he ever imagined . He finds out the truth about who killed his dad , he tries to remain neutral in his treatments between the ranchers and the hydraulic miners , and finds his long ago love . He vainly tries to put in a hospital , fights off a typhoid epidemic , and in the meantime , almost gets ambushed twice . Less Savage , Jr. takes on a big topic for 1949 , however , because he bravely deals with biological contamintation issues and the editors who did not like it . Also , however , he finds love , an old love , from when he first left , and comes back to find that she is married . Overall , a great story , but one I wish were longer and more developed in regards to Craig and Nola . There just is n't much there except to wonder . One thing I will say , however , is that now I want to read more Less Savage , Jr. stories . He does a fine job of making the story believable and it had a good flow to the plot .
 Always a treat instruction wise , this one offers totally new ideas . . great color reproductions and an overall theme to follow .
 This is a brand new , year 2001 soft back , 384 page book . It features a great 32 page full color section with 50 photos . More than 100 rare photos are included . A host of black and white vintage photos appear along with interesting text throughout the volume . Chapters provide in depth coverage of nearly 100 stars of the golden era of Motown . There is a wealth of information here . You 'll find a Motown 1959 - 1972 `` Defining the Sound of Young America '' chapter included . Motown music fans will find this an interesting read and great reference .
 I got this book during the Christmas season and I can honestly say it was my best gift . Although I have always liked Motown , the subject is not one I would have requested a book on . Thank you you-know-who for disregarding my list this year . There is so much information here that I 'm sure the author , for sanity sake , decided it was best to put it in an encyclopedia-like format . So , `` M '' for example , under Superstars , would list Martha and the Vandellas , the Marvelettes , and Smokey Robinson and the Miracles . This is not to suggest that because it 's in that format , it ' a a cold , reference book . Mr. Dahl presents each artist , songwriter , or musician 's bio in a very readable , story-like way . And on some major artists , like the writers Holland-Dozier - Holland , they have their few pages , but in addition are incorporated into others ' stories . In my family I 'm considered the musical trivia expert , but a page did n't go by that I did n't learn something new and fascinating about an artist or the history of Motown . And there 's a large section covering I believe every single person who even walked through the doors of Motown ! I 'm exaggerating , but it 's an amazing list along with their stories of course . I was especially impressed with how Mr. Dahl brought out Berry Gordy 's story of imagining the impossible and then bringing it to fruition . Oh yes , I forgot to mention there 's a ... - load of great photos .
 Great Book . This is the first book that deal with other Motown singers and songwriters and producers who have been forgotten . They focus on other stars besides The Temptations , Marvin Gaye , Smokey Robinson and The Miracles , The Supremes , The Jackson Five , Stevie Wonder , in this book they introduce you to other great Motown singers , great pictures , rare , never before seen pictures , this is a most for motown fans .
 Bill Dahl is often consulted by other authors to check facts before they publish their works . Now we get the direct line . This book can be read as a reference work or for entertainment , as all the names and dates are seamlessly and accurately included in the real Motown story
 The previous reviewers are absolutely right about this book . This is a fun and fascinating look back at a golden age of American popular music and the groups , producers and songwriters who made it happen . Much more than a rehash of the Motown story from secondary sources ; the author personally interviewed many of the stars and lesser-known lights who helped create the music we love . Good , crisp writing and a generous collection of photographs bring the Motown story to life . A must-have for anyone who loves Motown or is interested in American popular music .
 great to see a Book that fully captures the Motown Sound & all it 's glory here.a solid Overview on the History of Motown.I ca n't Help but get excited about a Book on Motown because nothing out nowadays has the spirit & energy of this Giant.the Many Great Minds that made this Label Flourish gets just due here.enjoy .
 I gave it four stars because I wish that there was more on some of the lesser known artists at Motown . But overall , this is a great book filled with great photos of artists in their heyday and full of facts that probably were n't known about them until now . And they were n't just still B&W s , there were photos of artists on tour , off tour , on break , very candid !
 Life was simple , justalways more of the same ! Then little by little my radio dial moved more and more to the right ! It was a new kind of music and one by one my friends were getting the message ! MOTOWN ! New names , new songs , new beat . But behind the scenes at The Motown Factory , there were stories we Suburban White Folks never even thought of . If you could n't shoot hoops there was little way out of the Ghetto except music and all the things that went with it . Young talented and clueless , these kids knew enough to know this was it . Hit it here and life would be a breeze ! Little by little they learned they had to look better , sound better and move better because there were plenty of hungry people with talent ready to step into their shoes so the smart ones gave 120 % because they liked this new place ! Motown ; The Golden years gives us a look at the growing change in our music . This was the new sound to beat and the Beatles and their friends had not yet risen to own the Charts yet ! So longtime music writer Bill Dahl has brought the story to us . All the many happy and sad stories that growth and change brought to Motown and how even without knowing all the backdrop , this music was changing our lives , too ! Written in a way to keep anyone interested , with facts and stories of all the Motown artists plus a ton of great pictures that took us back to a simpler time and what a time it was . A GREAT read that you can open anywhere and then you could keep on going . If you were there this book brings back the memories or the behind the scenes stories of the Evolution of The Motown Sound and if you were n't there it takes you there . A great read and great pictures ! It truly was the Golden Years ! A great read and a great gift !!!
 I bought this books as a gift , so I did not actually read the book . But I did glance at the content and the book is well organized and has a lot of pictures . Looks like it covers most of the major names in music for that era .
 We remember all the super stars from Motown and Bill brings us up-to-date with all members of those groups -- and also reminds us of many of the Motown artists that we often forget about . A very , very thorough presentation of all of the Motown family -- including some writers , producers and behind the scenes people . The photos by Weldon McDougal III are a real treat because many of them are candid photos never seen before . The reader can see that Weldon knew these artists personally and captured them in their natural environment . A very easy read because the individuals are listed alphabetically and we glean information that was not just put out by PR firms !! The Golden Years is a great gift with wonderful photos for displaying on the coffee table . Everyone has personal recollections when they hear a Motown song and this book renews our own memories of the unforgetable music that helped shape many generations !
 `` For All Time '' is a wonderful story that really touches the heart and stirs the emotions while presenting a special look at a unique time in history . Set in World War II , this story captures the stories of two people , Preston and Emily , who had once known each other only as friends , but who found in each other love and healing after the tragic events of the war that changed both of their lives , forever . This is a wholesome , clean , God-honoring , and soul-stirring novel that will be certain to uplift as well as entertain its reader . Highly recommended !
 After reading my 1st book by Father Girzone I knew I was hooked . Yes , His writing IS simplistic but you must consider that he is reaching out to a targeted audience . His writing is easy reading for all ! Joshua is Jesus come to help the children in a religious torn community . This makes a wonderful bedtime story as well . Need help finding Jesus in your life ... find Joseph Girzone 1st !!
 Joshua and the Children is the second book in the series by Girzone . Although the character and tone are no longer new , this is still a thoughtful book . Girzone is often criticized as having an overly simplistic approach , which has always seemed to be the point to his writing . He is n't trying to be theological or intellectual , but to make us consider how Jesus would act in a given situation . Whether or not we agree with the details , the thought process is worthy of consideration , and his books make for a good read on a quiet evening .
 Joshua Series
 I read the first Joshua book and thoroughly enjoyed it . I would recommend reading it prior to reading this book . In contrast to the first book , I agree with one of the other readers in that the author was much kinder toward organized religion this time which made it a little easier to swallow . However , Joshua was much more open and obvious with his working of miracles which made the book much less believeable . In the first book most of the characters were left guessing as to who Joshua truly was and his message was expressed in very subtle ways . This time his actions made his identity obvious and the characters either believed immediately or were fools . Overall this was a good book .
 Joshua , whom we soon realize is someone very special , returns in this book to a town torn apart by religious intolerance and violence . A parable for the situation in Ireland , as well as other places , it continues to answer that question `` What would happen if Jesus returned ? '' This deeply moving book will make you laugh , bring a tear to your eye , and , most importantly , give you and your heart something to ponder
 All the books by Fathe Girzone are great . This , `` Joshua and the Children , '' is one of th emany good ones in the series.I highly recommend this . He 's a great writer , writing from the heart great stories about people meeting Jesus .
 I 'm not very old ut I think that this is by fare the best book I ever read .
 After reading the second installment in the Joshua series , I still continue to be moved and inspired by the character of Joshua . Mr.Girzone 's wonderful summations of the teachings of Jesus , coupled with its modern-day setting , create an identification with this character that is sure to wrangle any sheep that have n't found their way , or have previously strayed from the flock ... Christian , or otherwise . He breaks it down so that the essence of Christ 's universal teachings is what one comes away with ... Love , Forgiveness , Peace ... I will say , though , that from a literary standpoint , I felt the ending to this story was somewhat forced , or adapted a little too `` conveniently '' to the correlating Gospel teachings , thereby subtly overshadowing the impact of the events which transpired in the novel . Perhaps the parallel was overtly issued for the sake of those not familiar with the scriptures and teachings of the New Testament . But the point is made , and the characters in the book are ultimately better for it . I would also like to see more of the vernacular mindset of the local townsfolk in the two stories I 've read thusfar - -LRB- the first being `` Joshua
 This book was fabulous , everyone should have the chance to read it and experience its goodness , its really enchanting .
 Many will suggest that Joseph Girzone is a bit too simplistic in his writing . That is probably his one flaw . In `` Joshua and the Children '' , we find Joshua modeling Jesus 's commandment that we all should model the innocence of a child . While the plot is predictable , this does not make it less heat-warming . The main character of the book Joshua , is a modern incarnation of Jesus . In this second book in the series , Joshua arrives in a small town divided by conflict between Catholics and Protestants . Although it is not explicitly mentioned , the use of words like `` tavern '' and `` pub '' suggest the story is set in Ireland . By making the children of the town put aside their differences and unite , Joshua pacifies the conflict until the radical religious groups plot Joshua 's demise . Only when Joshua is no longer around do the radicals and all other members of the community realize the specialness of Joshua 's presence.The writing of the book may be targeted at a younger audience , but I believe any Christian can appreciate this book . I look forward to reading other books in the series . I do believe that the first `` Joshua '' may be more enjoyable to older readers .
 Here is an educational little book set in violence prone North Ireland . Joshua sets up his current mission in a village currently divided by the hatred between Catholics and Protestants . Considering the adults a `` lost cause '' concerning their attitudes , Joshua targets the children as an instrument for change . How would Jesus deal with the violence in Northern Ireland ? Read this book and find out !
 This was a wonderful and inspiring story . Words truly can strengthen our spirit . This book was filled with many heart warming words and important messages that can help in our daily living .
 This is an easy reading , but profound , story of what children can do to change the prejudices of their elders .
 Truly love the writing of Joseph Girzone the series of Joshua books . You get so wrapped up in them you do n't want to put them down . Great service ; had in less than a week . Thanks !
 This book was fantastic . It was the first of several books by Girzone . It was inspirational in several captions but the prayer sequence where Joshua was praying with his arms outstretched seemed to demonstrate the nature in which we all need to stretch towards God . His simple acts of kindness were all that Jesus ever did . A kind word , a moment of rest or a genuine smile is what Jesus offered as a basic part of life -- we forget that . This is the best of the Girzone books in my opinion - it 's probably the impact of the children -- but a great book .
 What a fabulous book . I read this book several years ago and needed a spiritual uplifting book so i purchased another copy and read it again .
 Zoe Gergulin is a fugitive from her former job at the US Justice Dept. who is haunted by a guilty conscience . Although she 's happily settled into her home in the wilds of West Virginia , she 's always looking over her shoulder . She fears not only repercussions from investigations she did in her old job , but revenge from the brother of her best friend 's husband , whom she had shot when he ambushed them.When secretive Susan Rourke moves in nearby , then disappears , Zoe suspects she has been murdered . Handprints in dried bloodstains , a dented front door hanging by one hinge , a history of abuse by her husband Patrick -- all seem to confirm her suspicions . Then Patrick turns up dead . Zoe 's investigation uncovers unsuspected secrets as this lively story progresses.Labovitz definitely has a knack for telling a riveting tale , and for creating characters that are intriguing . We can hope that the author will entertain us with more stories like this . The main character , Zoe , is amusing and resourceful and readers will look forward to hearing more about her adventures .
 I enjoyed the characters in the book and also the story really kept my interest . The one thing I did not like about the book was the counties that were mentioned are not counties of West Virginia . I am from WV . Charleston and Huntington were mentioned though which is accurage .
 Ms. Trudy Labovitz is an exciting new writer who has written a winner with her recently published book , Ordinary Justice . Ordinary Justice focuses on some eccentric characters in the West Virginia mountain town of Ordinary . Ms. Labovitz weaves these characters into a tapestry of mystery and intrigue . Zoe Kergulin is a new and powerful woman on the mystery book scene , as is Trudy Labovitz . Ordinary Justice deserves a 5-star salute , and Ms. Labovitz deserves 5 stars for her first published book . We can only hope that Zoe will be back again soon , sleuthing her way through tangled evidence and broken lives .
 She watched in horror as an abusive spouse murdered her best friend . In turn , she killed the man . However , filled with guilt , and remorse , former Justice Department employee Zoe Kergullis flees DC to the quiet safety of Bickle County , West Virginia , home of her cousin.Zoe meets Susan R , a person who has recently rented a trailer with her spouse . Susan acts like an individual afraid of the world , even going so far as to not providing her last name to Zoe . A few days later Zoe goes to see how Susan is doing only to find lots of blood but no people . An organized search for Susan and her husband Paul begins . Soon , the searchers turn up Paul 's murdered corpse . The police believe Susan killed her abusive mate . Zoe decides to do her own investigation , which begins at the famous Ordinary inn , an alleged stop on the nineteenth century Underground RailRoad.ORDINARY JUSTICE is anything but ordinary . The West Virginia cozy provides readers with a genuine feel for the rural area as well as an interesting historical perspective . The story line skillfully and intelligently deals with spousal abuse . Zoe is a warm protagonist who conducts an entertaining inquiry . Fans of regional who-done-its have a new author , Trudy Labovitz , whose in depth characterizations make this novel well worth reading.Harriet Klausner
 Once I had opened this book I was unable to put it down . The illustrations are among the best I have ever seen on this subject , being clear , with correct lighting and delightful colours.The ordered pictures allow one to construct the knots mostly correct first time . In just one or two cases I felt that the final picture was missing -LRB- e.g. the Lighterman 's Hitch -RRB- . It was interesting to find that since I read the Ashley Book of Knots some thirty-five years ago , new knots have been invented , which Geoffrey Budworth includes in his book , e.g.the Albright Special Bend , the Cow Hitch Variant , Clinging Clara , the Icicle Hitch -LRB- a truly amazing knot -RRB- and others.The only criticism I can make is that the background information is , for an Encyclopaedia , rather limited.I shall certainly explore the other works of this acomplished author .
 This book contains a very useful collection of knots and ropework . While it does n't have nearly the amount of knots covered in the Ashley Encyclopedia the 200 presented in this book are practical and up to date . The color photos are excellent and very easy to follow . Geoffrey Budworth also covers rope care , types of rope and some history . The book is a large sized hardcover which makes it easy to have open and lying flat while following the instructions . If you 're interested in knot tying you ca n't go wrong with this book .
 I 'm new at the fascinating skill of knotting . The only other knotting book I 've read is Day 's Art of Knotting & Splicing . That book and this one complement each other very well , the former written from a seafarer 's perspective , reads like a manual for a sailor . The latter has the advantages of a modern book , colored photos of knots , and descriptions of recently-invented knots . It is my best guess that the title of this book was chosen by the publisher as a marketing ploy , -- not by the author . An `` Ultimate Encyclopedia '' of knots would have to be many volumes to cover all known knots from all the known cultures , all their history , and all the modern mathematical analysis . -LRB- Somebody should publish such a book ! -RRB- Though not `` Ultimate '' , I do like this book , especially for the new knots that the Day and Ashley books do not cover .
 I purchased this book as a reference for knots , particularly household knots and climbing knots . It fulfills this need and quite a bit more . There are color illustrations that walk you through each knot step by step , a well put together index , and an introduction that discusses the history of knots as well as material types.In addition to being an excellent source of knot information , it is also a wonderful `` coffee table book '' . For the $ 32.50 list price , they have put together an extremely well made book . The color photos , the binding , and the paper quality are great . When I leave this book out , my guests constantly pick it up and start asking questions . What a great conversation piece.Buy this book , you wo n't be disappointed !
 I 've look at a half dozen other knot books over the years , and this is the best one I 've seen . Very clear photos of the tying procedures , along with the use of differently colored ropes when more than two ropes are being used , and nice , glossy paper so the photos look great , make this a very visually appealing knot book to just browse , or to seriously learn from . Also the author includes some interesting history when that is known . For example , the prusik knot , now used in mountain climbing , was originally invented by a Dr. Prusik , an Austrian music professor , before World War I for tying broken musical strings together.The book covers 200 different knots . There are knots for every practical need , as well as mainly aesthetic ones such as the `` lucky knot '' or four-leaf clover knot , which could be used for a keychain bob.For a knot enthusiast , Budworth has an interesting bio . He 's appeared on TV and radio , was president of the International Knot Guild , which he founded , and is a consultant on forensic matters relating to knots in Great Britain . Overall , an attractive and well done book on an obscure but interesting craft and specialty .
 Just as there is no perfect knot , there is no perfect knot book . All have deficiencies of one sort or another . One common deficiency seems to be misleading or just plain wrong directions for tying a knot . Another deficiency is a failure to tell the reader when to use a particular , or more important , when not to use it . All the books suffer these deficiencies to one degree or another.Another deficiency is too many knots ! But how could this be a deficiency , one might ask . Is n't more better ? The answer is that the beginner needs to know the most useful knots that have the widest application . If the book contains knots that do n't have wide application but does n't tell the reader which ones are widely used and which ones are n't , how is the reader to know which ones to learn ? Therefore , for a beginner , careful selection by the author is essential.Budworth , The Complete Book of KnotsOf all the books , this is my pick as the best for a beginner.What I like about this book is that it contains large , clear line drawings , and for the most part , the layout is pleasing to the eye . Drawings are superior , in my opinion , to photographs . One drawback of drawings is that the cordage you 're trying to knot never lies as smoothly and gracefully as the one in the drawings . -LRB- This tends to be true of photographs , too , however . -RRB- But if you view the drawings more as a blueprint , then you get a conceptual understanding of how the knot is to be tied , and drawings allow a clearer conceptual understanding than photographs in most cases.Another plus to this book is that most of the knots Budworth picked for inclusion are useful and often `` best of breed '' knots . On pages 6 and 7 , there is a `` directory of knots '' that shows the best or most popular use of each knot . In addition , for each knot , there is a summary called `` applications , '' and occasionally a warning when not to use a knot.A minus is that some of the drawings are wrong or misleading . For example , in the drawing for the double bowline -LRB- figure 8 on page 37 -RRB- , the arrow to show how the working end is rove -LRB- threaded -RRB- through the loops would have the working end going from the top of the loops to the bottom when it should be the reverse . After some frustration and referring to other sources , I was able to tie the knot . -LRB- Google is your friend . -RRB- A bigger minus is the terseness of the descriptions . In a number of instances , the author assumes you should be able to figure out the process from fewer drawings than I think necessary . I would like it if each and every step in tying the knots were shown . With some effort , I was able to figure out each knot that I tried to tie even though some drawings included several steps in one drawing . But why make the reader work ? A book for beginners should make it easy.When I was starting with this book , I thought that it would be helpful if the author included pictures of the finished knot . After about a week , I realized that he did ! But they are murky pictures that are either in a small space at the top of the page , above the name of the knot , or serve as a background for the entire page . There is no excuse for such bad pictures , which mar an otherwise excellent layout . Instead of putting some trivia about the history of the knot in a circle on each page , a clear monochromatic photo in the circle would serve the reader better.The book does not include decorative knots -LRB- Budworth having written a separate book on decorative knots -RRB- . Because of the terseness of the descriptions , the lack of clear photographs of the finished knots , and the occasional errors , I downgraded this book from five stars to four.Pawson , Handbook of Knots -LRB- expanded edition -RRB- This book contains very clear color photographs , and the layout is quite pleasing to the eye . The problem with photographs is that it can be hard sometimes to discern when one cord is on top of another or below , and sometimes the hand can be hiding some important information . Compounding this is the fact that the book is small in format , and when you have four or five photographs on one page , each photograph ends up being small -LRB- say , 1.5 '' by 2.5 '' -RRB- , too small sometimes.Although the book is soft-cover , the binding is stitched , and the book can be opened flat without breaking the binding . I found that it would stay open without much difficulty.Pawson , like Budworth , is a founding member of the International Guild of Knot Tyers . But his choice of knots puzzles me . For example , he has a number of stopper knots but does not include Ashley 's stopper knot , which many consider the most important stopper knot . He also does not include any grip-and-hold knot -LRB- such as the midshipman 's hitch , taut-line hitch , or the Tarbuck knot -RRB- . This is peculiar in that a grip-and-hold knot can be quite useful . I almost had the feeling that Pawson had decided that he would avoid -LRB- when he could -RRB- duplicating what Budworth had done . Quite gentlemanly , but not what I want in a book for beginners.On the plus side , Pawson includes a number of lashings , plaits and sennits , and splices , which Budworth does not.For what it 's worth , I was unable to tie the Turquoise Turtle knot following Pawson 's description until I watched a video on the internet.Based on the fact that this book uses photographs instead of drawings -LRB- particularly in a small format book -RRB- , the sometimes odd choice of knots , and lack of warnings about certain knot uses , I downgraded this book from five stars to three.The Morrow Guide to KnotsThis book contains very clear color photographs , and the pictures are larger than in the Pawson book which is helpful . But layout is off-putting . There are typically several pictures on a page , but the picture on the top of the page is not the starting picture ; it 's the one on the bottom of the page to the left.Like the Pawson book , the book is soft-cover , the binding is stitched , and the book can be opened flat without breaking the binding . I found that it would stay open without much difficulty.I found the choice of knots to be satisfactory in that most of the basic knots are covered . A plus is that several ways of tying a knot is shown for several of the knots . That is always helpful . Another plus is that it covers decorative knots , such as plaits and sennits.This book 's depiction of the climber 's method of tying the bowline knot took me an hour to figure out because two steps were -LRB- inexcusably -RRB- combined into one picture without an explanation.A minus is that the book is outdated . This comment would have come as a surprise to me before I started studying knots inasmuch as many knots are hundreds , if not thousands , of years old . But a number of improvements in knots have been made in the last twenty years , and these improved knots ca n't be found in a book published in 1981 . Moreover , for the Tarbuck knot , the book states that the knot is used by climbers , but climbers have avoided this knot for decades because it tends to damage the kernmantel type of rope used in climbing.Another minus is the paucity of information about the use and misuse of knots.Based on the fact that this book uses photographs instead of drawings -LRB- particularly in a small format book -RRB- , the odd layout , the lack of warnings about knot uses , and the dated nature of the information , I downgraded this book from five stars to three.Budworth , The Ultimate Encyclopedia of Knots & RopeworkThis book contains very clear color photographs , and the layout is quite pleasing to the eye.Of all the books that use photographs to depict the tying of knots , this is my pick as the best . Although the pictures are small , it 's much more step-by-step than the others . In particular , it does n't suffer from the terseness of Budworth 's The Complete Book of Knots , and it shows a large picture of the finished knot . -LRB- It also correctly depicts the double bowline . -RRB- An important plus of this book , given its claim to encyclopedic coverage , is the inclusion of decorative knots . There are far more knots in this book than any beginner would need , and there is a paucity of information about the use and misuse of knots.My copy has an update date of 2002 , making it the most recent edition of all my knot books.This book coupled with Budworth 's The Complete Book of Knots would make a complete library for any beginner . But this book is too much , in my opinion , for the ordinary reader who just wants to learn a few useful knots.The fact that this book uses photographs would normally make me downgrade it , but number of step-by-step pictures for each knot offset that . Based on the fact that this book is intended as an encyclopedia and it fulfills that function very well , I give this book five stars . If this book were intended for a beginner , however , I would downgrade it to four stars because of the sheer number of knots , the lack of guidance to beginners as to which ones to learn , and the lack of warnings about knot uses -LRB- and misuses -RRB- . The number of ste-by-step pictures keeps it from going to three stars.The Ashley Book of KnotsAs an encyclopedic work , The Ashley Book of Knots is not suitable for beginners . For knot aficionados , it 's a must-have . Based on the fact that this book is intended as an encyclopedia and it is in fact the standard reference work for knots , I give it five stars . If this book were intended for a beginner , however , I would downgrade it to three stars because of the sheer number of knots and the fact that it was published in 1944 , which means that it does not satisfactorily address modern synthetic ropes.ConclusionFor the beginner , that is , for the reader who simply wants to learn a few of the most useful knots , my pick is Budworth , The Complete Book of Knots . For an encyclopedia of knots , my pick is Budworth , The Ultimate Encyclopedia of Knots & Ropework . For the knot hobbyist or public library , The Ashley Book of Knots is a must-have .
 What a fascinating reference book ! Anyone who has ever advanced in the Boy Scouts or other camping program has learned some basic knots and hitches . This book takes any residual interest you have and sets you off on a much larger and more sophisticated journey.The book begins with a wonderful introduction to rope and the history of ropework . There is more to this subject than you might expect . Most people will find that learning some basic knots can be very practical as well as a fun past time . Next is a chapter on basic knots , bends , and hitches and tells you what you will need to tie these twenty basic knots . The rest of the book provides wonderfully photographed and written instructions on more than two hundred knots . They are grouped into bends , hitches , knots , bindings , and loops . A final chapter shows you how to use what you have learned to make mats , plaits , rings , clings , and other things . There is also a glossary and an index . There is another page of vendors and other organizations that can help you with your new hobby.The book also supplies a legend with each knot that indicates where it can be most useful . These are for Angling / Fishing , Boating / Sailing , Caving / Climbing , General Purpose , and Outdoor Pursuits.This is an inexpensive hobby and will provide you with skills that can come in surprisingly handy in any number of circumstances.Have fun !
 It includes lots of up-to-date knots . You can find the knots you want in a easy way . Also , the knots are categorized by the uses of them by which you can find the common usage of those knots . Easy to use .
 Exactly what it says it is and had all that we wanted in it . Very pleased with this purchased gift .
 Got this for our grandson for Christmas and it is a great book with super illustrations ! Very easy to understant and great color photos !
 This is a nice knot book that has many different options and clear photographs . There was a particular knot I was looking for that I could n't find and sometimes the ordering confuses me , but in general it 's a good reference to have .
 This is my favorite book on knot tying -LRB- and I have over 20 books on the subject -RRB- . The photographs are clear , the instructions are easy to follow , and it covers a wide range of knots for every need . This is truly one of the best books on knotting available . I liked it so much I bought a second copy !
 The item was just as I wanted and it came in a very timely manner . This seller is top rate !
 Divided into section such as loops , knots , hitches , decorative , etc and with a whole lot of knots to suit most every occasion , and some text as to when to use or avoid . Mainly it is step by step , high-gloss , full-color pictures of all the steps with colored ropes and nice images of the knots in use or in nice stills . Some knots have two steps , some take up a page or more so the detail and every step is there , I 'd estimate 97 % of the time . I learn to tie so many knots from this , my first , knot book . It is a handy reference , not too thick and not too large . It is not pocket-size but I have the hardback and it is a great book I would highly recommend , whether you are just starting , tie alot , or need a book around for reference occasionally . It mentions many knots I never knew existed and I was glad to be able to see and learn . Granted I have never seen Ashley 's Book of Knots , and do n't have it yet , but I have this one and it does the job and I have moved on to Marlinspike and decorative work , to add to my knot-tying skill set , yet this one I always have in my ditty bag along with two others right now . This is the basic one I use and I have two of decorative/projects . So I would say if you think a picture is worth a thousand words , and you need to know knots ranging from a reef knot to various bowlines to an alpine butterfly to farmer 's loops and Bimini twists to a one 's you may or may not use or thought to use but might because you would never know them without a book like this , this is a great book to own and well worth it .
 I was visiting a friend and he showed me his father 's day gift , this book . At first , I could not imagine how one could fill an entire book with knots . I was very plesantly surprised to find that I knew virtually NOTHING about knots . In this book , Budworth discuss the backgound of each of a couple hundred knots and provides illustrations and photos showing the readed how to tie the know . Each page is also coded in the margin to indicate the area of use for each knot , be it nautical , climbing , general use , etc.This is a good looking book and fun to read even if you are knot in the business . -LRB- sorry , I have no shame -RRB-
 I tie knots for about 25 % of my job , so it has been an interest to learn different techniques and history . To my suprise when I read this , I found what USA knows as a square knot the rest of the world calls a reef knot . European square knot is a different knot . Same with many more knots . Anyway great read and shows uses for rope I never thought of . Easy to follow and has info for natural/synthetic cordage of all types . Neat . Book is large , contains more photos then text , and includes some but not much history of each knot . This is a good book whether you are trying to keep your shoes tied -LRB- square -LRB- reef -RRB- -RRB- , making a coveted Diamond hitch , or the feared but utilitarian hangman 's noose .
 With 120 knots/bends/etc , this is perhaps not definitive , but certainly complete for almost any usage . It is profusely illustrated with clear , easy-to-read photographs , and has easy-to-follow , step-by-step instructions . Covering everything from the most basic to the decorative , with suggestions for the use of each , it would be a practical and beautiful assistance for anyone who has always wanted to know how to tie those nifty knots .
 This is one of my favorite books , combining the functions of `` bathroom book , '' `` coffee-table book , '' and `` instruction book '' with equal aplomb . It provides mental exercise . That 's right , I actually feel smarter having read this book . Even more amazingly , I acquired it by happenstance . Titillated yet ? Okay then , read on.The used book store I was browsing in had two books on knot-tying -- the one I had been seeking , which is the classic `` The Marlinspike Sailor , '' and this one . While the former tome is practically canonical among mariners , the strengths of this book won me over . It is more general in tone , beginning with a brief history of rope , a short section on the various types of rope and some other preparatory information . Of course , the meat of the text is the author 's meticulous instructions for the creation of 200-plus knots , capable of handling every sort of task , with color illustrations for each . The photography deserves special note ; it is the finest blend of art and function I have ever seen in a book , period.All too many modern humans rely on such marvels as bungie cords , velcro , and of course , duct tape , and in so doing , we have impoverished ourselves of basic life skills . Contrast this present state of misfortune with that of our ancestors , people who could , as a general rule , properly coil a length of rope or tie a clove hitch without even thinking about it . Fortunately , it only takes couple hours to learn the basics , and if you 're anything like me , you 'll soon find all kinds of hitherto-overlooked applications for your newfound knowledge , and a fun hobby as well .
 I bought this book for my husband and he LOVED it ! It 's a beautiful book with nice color pictures and diagrams .
 It was very helpful , before reading it I only knew a couple knot but now I know a lot . I recommened reading it
 I just recently got into tying knots . This is a great book ; the pictures are great and it gives good info to boot . I would recommend this book to anyone .
 Sometimes you need to &#34; tie the right knot &#34; at the right time , and this book helps a lot ! Sometimes you need to tie two different size ropes together ; this book has a knot for that . Sometimes you keen a knot that will slip ; this book has a knot for that . Sometimes you need a knot that does not slip ; this book has a knot for that too ! And what if you need to hang up / organize your extension cords ... ? Use the Fireman 's Coil knot ! Great book . Lots of color photos taken at each step .
 This book contains every aspect of how th U.S. mining lawswork . It also has all the case law needed to back-up the information.I first found this book at the local BLM office , it is the one they reference for most everything .
 This notebook has been in print for 20 years , and has sold almost 500,00 copies . It is the best book I 've ever seen for getting started in a serious prayer life.It is intended to be used in a small group setting for a six week study . It asks that you read only one page a day , and spend 25 minutes reading , making notes in the book and praying . If you do n't take the time each day to do what it suggests , you will miss that growth that it promises.I have used this workbook to lead small group studies at least four times . It has changed more lives than any other book I have ever used .
 This is by far the best small group study resource I have ever read . It is not surprising that almost half a million copies were sold in its first 20 years . As the title suggests , this book helps bring prayer to life.The book is divided into six weeks of daily individual studies , with an option of extending the study by another three weeks . Each week ends with a group meeting . Questions are provided within the book that encourage group members to share and assess the past week 's adventure.Each day contains a powerful lesson , time for `` reflecting and recording '' , and an assignment to carry you through the day . This is not just a well-organized scripture study . It gets right to the heart of applying scripture and clearing away the obstacles that are keeping us from a deeper prayer life . Each lesson flows seamlessly into the next , providing a steady stream of learning and growth.This resource will prove valuable for both the beginner and the seasoned ` prayer warrior ' . Not only will it get you comfortable with prayer , it will get you downright excited about it . Want a deeper prayer life ? Start here , and you wo n't be disappointed.Larry Hehn , author of Get the Prize
 I purchased this workbook for use with church groups during Lent . The narrative was instructive and the use of scripture and other sources was relevant . We especially liked the suggestions for using each lesson throughout the day . We had our last session today and the feedback was very positive . Although we met in groups of 4 to 6 , the workbook would be good for an individual also . However , the group setting encouraged more commitment than a person alone might be able to muster
 This book has transformed my prayer life . I teach a lesson each week to my Sunday school class . We 've all seen God answer our prayers.This is a real must-have .
 Very thorough study of increasing your prayer life . Works very well with a group or as an individual study . The seven daily assignments are fairly short and very manageable . A very good product !
 This material has been out a long time -- since the 70 's but it 's still as relevant and as helpful as ever . In this workbook Dunnam lays out a theology of prayer , teaches several different prayer practices and lays out the groundwork for an ongoing small group . That 's pretty good for a ten week course !
 The story is told in such a way that it holds interest from the first chapter to the last . Sadly , the author passed away on October 8 , 2002 , so there wo n't be any more in the series .
 Shawnee Menace jumps out of the starting gate from the first page and kept me totally consumed in this intense story to the very last page . This book is clever because Roy enriches this story 's historically based frame with relevant and entertaining characters and action . What 's more is that this book successfully presents the harsh reality and romantic sense for the pioneer life .
 This book grabs your attention from the very beginning and holds it to the ending . A must read adventure of the life & death struggle that early Americans faced in the late 1700 's on our own soil . We are anxiously awaiting Roy Hays ' next book in `` The Kentucky Scout Series '' .
 Hays has written a great book about the frontier . He has a command of language that paints a rich picture of the life and times surrounding our westward expansion . His characters are authentic and interesting . All he needs are a few maps for those of us not familiar with the old names and topography ! I 'm looking forward to the next installment in the series .
 a wonderful mixture of reality and action -- interwoven with non-fiction/fictional characters , makes for an intriging spin on the amazing culture and history of our past struggles .
 The book recounts a harrowing adventure , but ultimately it is the fearless nature of these people and their indefatigable will to fight back and survive that shines through . Without a doubt arousing tale of the heroic age of the pioneer exploration .
 Mohja Kahf 's poetry collection is better than prozac . Her poems link classical Arab characters with current day capitalistic trends -LRB- `` Zuleika meets the Marlboro man across a delayed green '' -RRB- , and are punctuated , in the book 's first half , with sometimes hilarious , sometimes poignant Hijab Scenes , where the author encounters everyday prejudice but moves beyond self-pity and anger to humor and celebration . The result is charming and ultimately empowering . The first third of the book tells the plight of the immigrant - the Arab Muslim in particular - and uses the metaphor of landing on the moon . The second third is an ode to women and womanhood , and made me lift my head a little higher when I left the bookstore -LRB- this book under my arm . -RRB- The last third is a beautiful dialogue on political currents and events , and the poem in which Matisse characters come to life is jaw-dropping . The poetry collection offers something rare and brilliant as a stone
 `` E-mails from Scheherazad , '' by Mohja Kahf , is an excellent addition to the multiethnic body of U.S. poetry . A short bio at the end of the book notes that Kahf was born in Damascus , Syria , came to the U.S. as a child with her family , and has attained the rank of associate professor at the University of Arkansas.Kahf 's poems cover a number of themes
 This is a beautiful , moving , witty poetry collection which I recommend to all readers , and to women readers in particular . Mohja Kahf 's language , her voices , her characters move seemlessly upon the page , stopping once in a while to adjust their scarves or flip us the intellectual bird . A Badass first collection ; Kahf wins my vote for poet laureate .
 Mohja 's work is a joy to read , even when it is bringing tears to our eyes . Her impressions are unique and quirky , her use of language superb . I ca n't say how much I enjoyed emails . I read the entire thing in a single sitting and have returned to it many time to digest it more thoroughly . Hope to see more from this wonderful poet.Pamela
 Mohja Kahf speaks to my heart , most powerfully , and with such beauty and humor as to make the bitterness go down easy . I love this book .
 After reading this , I sent it to my mother . All women should read this to learn about heart disease . It 's so important .
 Personally , I feel that if you 're going to write a book about how to make relationships last , manners should come into account as well . Although the book was clean and a fast read , I thought David Knox was very impolite . I e-mailed him to tell him how much I enjoyed the book and asked a couple questions . He e-mailed me back with answers , asked what class I was in , but never said `` Thank you '' . If that is n't irony , what is ? I will never read another book by this author again just because of that -- impressions count for a lot and his did n't settle with me at all . If it 's for a class , I 'll fight it .
 Milo Quaife is the Stephen Ambrose of that time period . You can digest your history and enjoy it too ... If you can get you 're hands on a copy of this , keep it in your library ...
 This sixth installment in the Guildbook series provides more in depth information into the powers and secrets of the Spooks and Oracles . It provides a better feel for how the guilds operate ; instead of merely what powers they practice . The dark and somewhat disturbing artwork helps to build the ambiance for a great Wraith Game , and inspires ideas with which a story teller can set an excellent scene .
 Though the long and odd title may make you think this book will be weird and juvenile , this novel is well thought out and very accurate . Not only does it portray the true beliefs of both fundamentalists and Catholics it shows how they differ and how a true and devout catholic can defend their beliefs when put on the spot . This is an excellent read and should be on every true Catholic or christian bookshelf .
 Mr. Kennedy has done a marvelous job of incorporating fact into his fiction . He is a great storyteller and a wonderful teacher . Catholics young and old , cradle or convert , will learn much from this book while they enjoy a captivating story .
 I recommend this book to those who would like to read about their faith from a different perspective . I recommend it for purchase .
 This book is a great example for teens and adults . It shows the importance of knowing the `` why '' of being Catholic . The book also shows that not everyone has the complete answer on the spot , not everyone is a born apologist . The main character is awaken to his faith by the untimely death of his father , which says a lot for finding meaning in suffering . On the protestant side , one begins to understand that protestants are sincere in their motives , but misguided . They are serious about the bible , but as the book shows , sola scriptura simply does n't work . The main character also shows the average Catholic that there is a big difference in knowing our faith as a child and coming to know our faith as an adult . I believe any Catholic will be able to indentify with this book on some level . I read this book in two days it was so good , and now my daughter is ready to read it . I ca n't wait until the next one !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 If you are Catholic or even someone who wants to understand the biblical basis for Catholic beliefs , this book is well worth the relatively small cost . Of course , this is not `` great fiction , '' but then neither are Stephen King 's books `` great fiction . '' It is good fiction , meaning it is an entertaining read while doing an admirable job of explaining the biblical basis for some -LRB- not all -RRB- Catholic beliefs and doctrines in a fairly ordered and systematic way . I 'm somewhat versed in Catholic apologetics , but I learned some explanations that I had not come across before . I also found some explanations where Kennedy left out some points that would have made his explanations even stronger ; however , he may have done that on purpose . The protagonist , Michael , is not an accomplished apologist , so Kennedy may have wanted to keep Michael 's explanations looking realistic for a young person who was just learning the intricacies of his faith . Finally , while some reviewers complained about the aspects of the novel that involved farming , I found them to be fascinating . It was a real education in the way non-mechanized farming is carried out . If you are new to Catholic apologetics , this is a great place to start .
 A wonderful story with a lesson of faith and the joy of simplicity in life . Young Michael , through the tragic death of his father , is sent to live for a summer with his Fundamentalist uncle . While learning the value of the simple life of subsistence farming he learns not to underestimate the people of this simple life while also learning to make his faith his own and to defend it in and out of season . Through study and prayer , Michael learns his faith and learns to share it in an environment often hostile and challenging . But with his prayers and those of his mother , he perseveres to be a worthy spokesman for his faith able to rightly divide the word of God -LRB- even being limited to the King James Bible alone -RRB- . This is a must read for every young Catholic to search their faith and make it their own faith . It is a coming-of-age novel wrapped in a philosophical discourse of simple pleasure and family entwined with Catholic apologetics . A little slow at times , perhaps . But overall , a good reward of understanding and joy at Michael 's success as we identify more and more with his persevering and humble attitude . A fantastic story for young adults in particular but also for anyone interested in living their faith .
 I thought he book taught me much more information about Catholism than I already knew . I learned how others felt about my religion and I also learned ways in which i could defend it . I liked the book that thought every Catholic should read it to find out different facts about Catholism you mind not learn in school . I think this book is a good read for non-catholics also who are interested in their religion and how it compares to their religion . It also taught me about the fundamentalists point of view and the way they live their lives .
 This book accomplishes what it sets out to do . It fulfills all the stipulations of an apologetics novel . However , the manner in which it does so follows in step more along the lines of a textbook than it does a literary instrument . Contrary to this insight , I found the book to be an overall good experience ; something that religious study does not always turn out to be . The book , as all things do , carried with it its pros and cons . On the negative side , it is strikingly unbelievable in the sense that Michael , having little deep interpretation of the bible prior to that summer , could interpret the plethora of pages that make up our Catholic Bible . Aside from this point , the book brought very good insight to the false allegations , -LRB- made with little understanding -RRB- , of the Fundamentalists . Mr. De Porres was able to bring forth good arguments on a range of topics ; from the worship of Mary , to the institution of Papal authority . All in all , I believe that this book has been a positive tool in my religious life , and I may be consulting it in the future .
 Michael O'Shea is surviving a bittersweet summer ; the untimely death of his father has sent him spiraling into a grief that only prayer seems to quell , and at the behest of his maternal uncle his family is urged to leave the familiarity and comfort of their Philadelphia home to heal in rural Kentucky . There the only comfort is found in the welcoming smiles and hospitality of strangers , as Michael learns his mother 's brother 's family are staunch `` Bible-believing '' folk who choose to live as `` plain '' people . Socializing among the Amish of that region , Michael 's extended family 's existence is founded upon a lack of material wants and needs and an abundance of faith.Gradually Michael and his family come to relax and enjoy the company of their relatives . Creature comforts fade into memory , for playing a game of baseball and tucking into homemade ice cream on the front porch appears to yield more enjoyment than a night in front of the television . However , Michael senses something amiss , particularly every time his uncle brings up issues of faith and challenges the boy to validate his own beliefs . As if dealing with the death of his father was not enough to bear , Michael soon realizes his uncle 's ulterior motive for bringing his family to Kentucky -- to persuade Michael 's mother of the error she made in converting to Catholicism by first converting her children to his beliefs . Michael , a lukewarm student of his own Catholic faith , is suddenly shocked to hear people dismiss the Catholic Church as `` pagan '' and `` unChristian . `` Explanations outside of actual Bible quotes -LRB- KJV version , mind you -RRB- fall upon deaf ears , and Michael is self-propelled into a crash course in apologetics , with only the Bible and the prayers of his mother to sustain him . As Michael prepares to successfully defend the Faith against the local nay-sayers , many of whom know much of the Bible by heart , his confidence grows , and it is his knowledge of the faith through God 's Word which helps establish an atmosphere of tolerance which some in this tight-knit community are more willing to embrace than others.Like the works of Bud MacFarlane , Jr. , Kennedy 's `` Philadelphia Catholic '' is a teaching novel , an apologetics tool in the guise of an engaging coming-of-age story . Kennedy 's eye for detail is evident in his descriptions of Amish country and portrayals of life among the `` plain '' people , and Michael 's dialogue and evangelization is well woven into Kennedy 's prose . Kennedy delivers the facts of the faith without making it sound as if the `` Philadelphia Catholic '' is regurgitating lines from a textbook ; the reader should not feel as if he/she is being lectured , and considering the tense climactic scene where Michael faces his challengers as a witness standing trial , Kennedy should be commended for a plausible conclusion to the story . With `` Philadelphia Catholic '' Kennedy leaves us to decide the validity of the Catholic faith , and through Michael O'Shea he offers convincing arguments bracketed by a touching story .
 I want to mention a charming and compelling book I read over the weekend . It 's hot off the presses ! It 's a novel about a young Catholic man -LRB- age 17 -RRB- who spends the summer working on his uncle 's horse-powered farm in KY. . His uncle is a fundamentalist minister who tries to convert him away from the `` Roman '' church , which he believes is unbiblical at best , and at worst , evil . Young Michael does n't know his Faith very well , but he studies Catholic apologetics and then very charitably and humbly , is able to counter his uncle 's Bible-alone arguments and defend the Faith . This is not only a good read , it would be perfect for teens or adults . It presents the reasoning on both sides very effectively and realistically . Because the defenses are in the context of an interesting novel , I found myself more able to follow the line of reasoning . It also shows how prayer is crucial in evangelism . Great for either Catholics or non-Catholics . Five stars !
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James ' Court was a very good book for those looking for explanation for their beliefs in the Catholic teachings . This book explains various controversies between the Catholic and various others Christian Sects , such as ; The Catholic Inquisition , The acceptance of Mary as the mother of Christ , her `` perpetual virginity '' and the Heavenly Queen , The baptism of infants , the infallibility of the pope , praying to statues , and most of all , why we believe in the bible . This book lays explanation for all of these within a well thought out and entertaining story.The plot of this story is that a young boy , about the age of 15 , Michael comes from Philadelphia with his family to live with his uncle 's family in Tennessee . During the summer stay Mike 's uncle Les feels it his duty , as the leader of a small Christian fundamentalist church , to convert mike and his family to their way of worshiping God . Over time Mike is put through various tests where he is forced to explain the Catholic Faith . Over time and many debates Nike wins some people over to the Catholic view on God , including Les ' own son Elijah .
 This is a great book and I 'm glad I read it . The characters really come alive and the story is well constructed . The plot slowly but steadily comes together and climaxes with a surprise ending.The apologetics content was very educational . Michael O'Shea , the teenage protagonist , does a wonderful job of defending his Catholic faith -LRB- although given his tender age , he is no Karl Keating or Tim Staples , of course ! -RRB- . It may seem that his apologetics ability comes out of nowhere , but the reader must be alert to the fact that he is motivated to study by the love he has for his father , who was a devout Catholic before dieing heroically in a fire -- but most importantly , the reader must be alert to the fact that in all the scenes where Michael holds his own while defending Catholicism , his mother was elsewhere praying the rosary for him ! His dreams are prophetic , and thus one can see the Holy Spirit working in his life through the intercession of his mother and perhaps even his father . The point is , God is using Michael to bring his Protestant relatives closer to the truth of Christ . Michael conducts himself very charitably while sharing and defending his faith , even when attacked harshly by the fundamentalists.This book is a must read for high school students and for everyone who has ever had their Catholic faith come under attack .
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James Court is an easy tutorial in beginning apologetics -LRB- teaching , explaining and defending the Faith -RRB- . Being in fiction form makes it easily accessible to a wide range of readers and whets the appetite for more in depth study of the Catholic Faith or at the very least - gives words to explain Catholic beliefs to those who are not usually comfortable in discussing their faith .
 Overall , I would say `` A Philadelphia Catholic in King James 's Court '' was a good read with a few minor flaws . The story centers around a catholic boy named Michael who goes to Kentucky for the summer because his father died . Their he is faced with the pressure of the Fundamentalist Christians trying to convert him to their religion . First of all , Michael is faced defending his Catholic roots many time . One of the problems I found with this is that it seems a little far fetched that he would be able to come up with some of the arguments he has in the short time he is given . On a good note though , his arguments gave me further insight into the Catholic religion , enlightening me on many aspects of it that I never knew before . Next , I found that it was a little too unrealistic that his prophetic dreams actually would come true . After that , I would also say that I think that the book makes the Fundamentalists look to much like bad guys , and it seems that often they go a little too far in an attempt to convert Michael . Even Michael 's own Uncle is constantly pressuring him . I felt as if he should just let him be , especially since he just lost his father . Lastly , an aspect that I really enjoyed was the effect that Michael 's defending of his religion had on some of the Fundamentalists . In conclusion I really enjoyed `` A Philadelphia Catholic in King James 's Court '' and found myself coming back again and again to see how Michael would defend his religion , being that I am a Catholic to . If you are looking for a book that successfully and accurately delves deep into the Catholic faith , then you will be sorry if you pass up this wonderful story .
 The book `` A Philadelphia Catholic in King James 's Court '' is marvelous , a splendid gift for setting forth the truths of our Catholic faith clearly and precisely . And oh , how this is needed in these times of crisis and confusion in church catechesis . A must read for every Catholic of all ages , religious and clergy included , and a great book to share .
 I think that `` A Philadelphia Catholic in King James ' Court '' was a entertaining and educational book . The book is about a boy named Michael who moves to Kentucky after his father dies . In Kentucky he is astounded to see so many fundamentalists , where in Philadelphia he had seen so many Catholics like himself . While living in Kentucky , Michael learns many things about the Fundamentalist Christians , as well as his own religion , Catholicism . His Uncle continually challenges Michael about his religion and tries to convert him to a Fundamentalist . This book was very interesting and worth the while . This was one of the best apologetics novels I 've ever read .
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James 's Court was a good book . It taught me a lot about my faith that I did n't know . It also got into more detail about the things I already knew . This book is about a boy from Philadelphia named Michael O'Shea . After the death of his father , Michael and his family go to live with his Uncle Les , his mom 's brother , in Kentucky for the summer . Down in Kentucky Michael is forced to defend his religion against his Uncle Les and church elders such as , Luther , George , and Jimmy . I enjoyed this book , but the only thing I disliked about it was that it was hard to get in to . The beginning was boring and wordy to me , but I finally got into the book during the Bible Studies . They were very interesting and knowledge filled . This was a very good book and a fast read , I would rate this book a 4 out of 5 stars .
 My students were enlightened and interested in the main character 's encounters with Biblical Fundamentalist 's approach to scripture . The students learned important apologetic information about Catholicism .
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James Court states the beliefs of Roman Catholic Christians and Fundamentalist Christians through the arguments of Michael , a highschool student from Philadelphia , and his uncle , a fundamentalist minister . The plot was good in how it incorporates the facts of the two beliefs , but unrealistic in how Michael learned in a few weeks more than the Fundamentalists learned from the Bible in thier whole lives . Overall , the book helps you learn more about the Roman Catholic faith .
 My review on this novel would be one with great acknowledgement . This is because the novel contains a general view
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James Court was assigned as a class reading assignment . At first I was skeptical about the book . As I began to read more it became more interesting and I began to enjoy the book . The story teaches the reader about the different aspects of the catholic faith . It shows the differences that are present between the fundamentalist Christians and the Catholics . The book shows how the fundamentalists practice Christianity and gives a non-fundamentalist a good picture of their faith . There were a few parts of the story that seemed unrealistic , that Michael could defend the catholic faith to Les and his Bible friends . Michael being a young man with out a huge knowledge of his faith , being able to capture all of the strong points in such a short period and defending it against people who spent most of there lives studying the bible seemed somewhat unrealistic to me . Besides that I enjoyed the book very much and would recommend it to anybody who is interested in the two practices .
 After reading `` A Philadelphia Catholic in King James 's Court '' , it was a lot better of a book than I thought it would be before I bought it . It was exciting to read in a way , because the story line was very realistic . It seemed almost like the author was telling it about himself . A negative aspect I had in reading this was that it seemed almost impossible for Michael , the `` Philadelphia Catholic '' to read and comprehend all of the information of the Bible , and be able to explain it in such a short amount of time . This did not seem to be a major fault in the book , and most would probably overlook it anyway . This book gave me an outlook on other peoples view of the Bible and their lifestyles . This was a great book , and I recommend reading it if it is for a class , or just on your own time .
 `` A Philadelphia Catholic in King Jame 's Court '' was book about a young boy named Micheal who spends the summer in Kentucky with his Uncle Les who is a Fundamentalist . Micheal begins to ask his uncle questions about his father and what he believed in and all about his faith in God . As Micheal learns more and more from his uncle he begins to bring up issues about the Catholic faith during the Bible study groups that he attends with his uncle . He trys to denfend the Catholic fatih against those who are against what Micheal believes . I felt that book was good but is seem confusing without the help of other people reading it , however i would recomend it for someone who would like to learn more about Catholics and fundamentalist ways and beliefs . After I read the book I realized all the stuff i Had never known before but it was good and whoever feels like reading it should .
 Well , This Book Is A Great Story About How Catholics Differ From Fundamentalists . First You Have Michael , A Phila Native , Who Becomes A Bible Wiz , You Could Say , And A Great Speaker For The Catholic Faith . Its Like As If He Just Gets Inspired -LRB- As He Does -RRB- To Preach Against His Uncle 's Teahings . Sure Catholics Believe In Different Ideas , Events , Or How To Do Things Than Fundamentalists , But The Big Picture Is That He Takes Charge Of His Faith And No Matter What His Uncle Says He Still Stands Firm With The Catholic Teachings . When I Say That `` No Matter What His Uncle Says '' Im Not Saying That He Blows Everything Off , All I 'm Saying Is That He Takes In The Info But May Have A Different View , Or Whatever Towards It . So Basically It 's A Great Book To Read And I 'd Advise Everyone That Reads This Book To Take In The Differences Between Michael 's Views And What His Uncle , Luther , George , Or Whoever Might Say About the Same Topic , And Just See How The Differ .
 I enjoyed this book very much , to my suprise . When my teacher assigned this book , I thought that I would be bored throughout of the whole book . I did not think that i would be to interested in a book about church and Fundamentalism , but as I got into the book I really started to enjoy it . I thought that it was a very good reading experience for me . As i got deeper and deeper into the book , it just started getting better and better . All of the information about Catholic religion and why mary and peter are respected in the church astonished me . This book gave me a great experience in learning things about my Catholic faith that i never thought i would learn . I am glad my teacher gave me this assignment .
 I enjoyed this book very much , to my suprise . When my teacher assigned this book , I thought that I would be bored throughout of the whole book . I did not think that i would be to interested in a book about church and Fundamentalism , but as I got into the book I really started to enjoy it . I thought that it was a very good reading experience for me . As i got deeper and deeper into the book , it just started getting better and better . All of the information about Catholic religion and why mary and peter are respected in the church . This book gave me a great experience in learning things about my Catholic faith that i never thought i would learn . I am glad my teacher gave me this assignment .
 `` A Philadelphia Catholic in King Jame 's Court '' was a pretty good book , nothing spectacular , but I did enjoy reading it . It 's a story about a young Philadelphia Catholic -LRB- obviously -RRB- , who finds himself forced to defend his faith against Kentucky Fundamentalists , including his Uncle . The author presents very good apologetic arguments , which are welcome to this reader . I 've had to deal with the anti-Catholic barbs of some Protestants before , and this book responds well to the classic arguments . The story was interesting , and I eagerly read ahead , wondering how Michael refute the next attack . I have only a few complaints -LRB- hence the 4 stars -RRB- . First off , it is unrealistic that a boy as naive and ignorant as Michael could suddenly parry any argument with Bibilical quotes after such a short period of time . Secondly , Michaels ' strange prophetic dreams seem alittle too far-fecthed . Finally , the Fundamentalists are just too type-cast for my taste . For example , they act like `` ignorant , self-righteous Bible Belt Christians '' a little too much -LRB- they 're the `` bad guys '' of the story -RRB- . Besides these faults , a Philly Catholic is actually a good book , and if you 're at all interested in the Catholic Faith , you 'll be sorry if you pass it up .
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James 's Court was a good story about a young boy given the task of defending the Catholic faith to Kentucky Fundamentalists . It was a good story that gave insight into the history and beliefs of the Catholic faith . There were only two things that struck me as odd . The first being the lack of knowledge Michael had about the Bible at the beginning of the book and how well he knew it at the end . It struck me as strange that a teenager could quote the Bible in only a period of three months . The second was the fact that Michael was able to defend the faith under the heat and questioning of the fundamentalists . I felt that many teens would fail at accomplishing this . I did think the book offered great insights into the Catholic faith . Whether you are Catholic or non-Catholic , this book would be an enjoyable read . I would encourage young adolescents questioning their faith to read this book , it sets a positive example of just how helpful faith can be in your life .
 As a student at a Catholic high school in Philadelphia , I could relate to Michael -LRB- the main character -RRB- in some ways . I have also been challenged many times by protestants on the basis of my religion , and some of the arguments that Michael made were comparible to my arguments . I did n't always look to the Bible , but I know some passages and could back up my arguments . Michael is inspirational to me in that he learned his religion well enough to defend it time after time during such a difficult period in his life .
 A PHILLY CATHOLIC IN KING JAMES COURT was an excellent book abou the catholic faith . It taught me that Mary was important and that the bread we eat at church is really Jesus . It also taught me how the amish culture in Kentucky was like . The part I did n't like though was that Michael learned the whole Catholic faith in just a couple of weeks . When it actually takes years of study to learn all those tihngs . Other than it was agood book and educational .
 I felt this book was very interesting and it gave me a lot more knowledge about Catholicism . Most kids Michael 's age would not have shown such an interest for their religion , so it was a little hard to believe . For the most part it was a very good book and gave many important facts .
 Having read `` A Philadelphia Catholic In King James ' Court '' I received a better picture of the Catholic Church . I saw how different groups view the bible , and the contradictions that become present in the Fundamentalist interpretation of the bible . I found it hard to stop reading . At some points I found myself laughing at the arguments being made by Luther and Pastor Brown . I realized that there really are people in the world who act like this . Mr. Kennedy wrote a great book that taught me a few things , and inspired me to read more about the Catholic faith . I really enjoyed the book .
 This book was a very good story , considering it was written within the bounds of a comparison of the Protestant and Catholic interpretations of the Bible . Kennedy takes ideas from both sides of the `` conflict '' that many people face in their lives , and molds them into a wonderful tale of a young man and the struggle with his uncle 's faith . From the death of his father to the `` questioning '' and mocking of himself and his faith , he takes on the challenges that are presented to him and prevails , while at the same time creating a will to change in his cousin , Eli . I feel that anyone having unanswered questions with their faith should read this .
 In the novel Philadelphis Catholic and King James 's court , a teenage boy travels from his home town of Philadelphia to his uncles roral area of Kentucky . I felt that the book showed its reader , Catholic and Non-Catholic alike a different view upone what Catholics believe . Not only can you learn from the book but you can also get a different account towards other views of the Bible . I felt it was a good read for all those people who are interested in understanding the many differences between the many Christian Denominations . It not only shows the average person an easy way to learn about faith , but it also throws in an interesting plot line to move everything alone . I would say that the book could carry its plot with the story very well , but there were some points in the novel where the plot may have conversed with true fact and caused a unrealistic effect . Over all it was a good read for a person with an elastic understanding towards the different views of Christian denominations .
 This book is about a boy named Michael and his trials and tribulations with his understanding of his own religion and his uncle 's . Michael lives in Philadelphia but moves to the south to live with his uncle , les , after the tragic death of his father . Les is a fundamentalist preacher who highly condems the `` Roman '' Catholic faith . Michael spends most of his stay on his uncle 's farm defending Catholicism . Les intent is to change Michael 's outlook on his faith and bring him into his own church . However , Michael 's views on Catholism are changed for the better , and his faith only grows stronger.This book taught me a lot about my own Catholic faith . It explained to me many passages in the Bible i have ` nt quite understood . It also helped me understand parts of the customs and Tradition that is practiced in the Church . It is true that this book is a little unrealistic with Michael 's quick learning of passages from the Bible and other religious books . However , We must remember that this book is fiction and is not a true story . Martin Deporres Kennedy did a great job writing this book , and it is a good read if you want to learn something about Catholicism .
 This book is overall well written , however the beginning was very boring . It began to get good towards the middle when Michael starts to attend his uncle 's Bible studies to enlighten the Fundamentalist Christians on the Catholic view of the Bible and its many beliefs . I learned a lot from this book on how the Fundamentalists interprate the Bible and about how they differ from the Catholics . During the sessions that Michael has with his uncle , Les , and others from his uncle 's church , I was astonished about how much of the Bible has subtle hints of how things can be interprated and how the author used all of these Bible passages to help the reader understand what he/she was reading . This understanding that the author brings to the book is very well thought out . I would reccommend this book to anyone interested in the Christian faith , whether it be Catholicism or Fundamentalist Christianity . Even if you are n't either of these religions it is a great book to see how high the Fundamentalists hold the Bible in their faith , as well as the Catholics . Although this book is very long and a tedius read -LRB- for me at least -RRB- , I feel that it is a book worth reading if you are a part of any sect of Christianity due to its great attention to detail and well thought out plot that both revolve around the simple basis of religion in a young boy 's life .
 After reading A Philadelphia Catholic in King James Court by Martin DePorres Kennedy , it got me to thinking more about the religion I practice , Catholicism . As the book starts out , Michael , having just tragically losing his father , is thrown into a world ; it would seem he is not ready for . As he gets to know his Uncle Les 's fundamentalist view of the bible , he begins to realize not everything they practice does follow the bible . He begins to see arguments arise and he himself is challenged on the ways of the bible . The most significant change seemed to be his debate with Pastor Brown . Though Michael had seemed cornered he slipped out of harms way once again . In my opinion , this book gives an excellent overview of the issues that people have disagreed on and also why there was a split within the church . Overall , the book may have seemed boring to some , but the depth of knowledge it provided made me get a deeper understanding of what we really practice at mass .
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James ' Court is a very interesting novel that teaches the reader about the Catholic and Fundamentalists religions . This is a great novel and the reader will be intrigued with important discussions in this book . The book first starts out with Michael O'Shea , the main character , who is enjoying his life in a small urban section in Philadelphia . Michael is a 17 year-old boy with his whole life in front of him . However , things change for the O'Shea 's when Mick , Michael 's father , tragically dies in a fire . After Mick 's funeral , Pam , Michael 's mother , decides to move the family to her brother 's farm in Kentucky . While in Kentucky , Pam 's brother , Uncle Les , decides to give Michael the spiritual guidance he needs since his father died . Uncle Les eventually hopes to convert Michael into a `` born again '' Christian or fundamentalist . However , Michael learns that he is in a new environment and he is going to need to defend his religion . The greater half of this book is the arguing between Michael and the local fundamentalists . Michael learns to use the Bible and the Catholic Tradition to defend his faith . Overall , I enjoyed this book . I learned a great deal about the Catholic faith . However , the greatest enigma about this book was how Michael was able to gain so much knowledge about the Bible in such a little time . Yet , this book allowed me to understand the Catholic Church 's teachings and authority . I recommend this book to anyone who questions or is struggling with the Catholic faith .
 I was very delighted with this book . It presented a clear explanation of both -LRB- in my view -RRB- , not only Catholicism but also fundamentalism and it 's fundamental weakness . I 've read a great deal of catholic apologetics , so very little of the content was new to me and Kennedy clearly seems to be writing for a teen audience -LRB- to which I now longer belong -RRB- . None the less , I was very entertained with it and very impressed . Impressed to the point that I am now actively seeking out Catholic fiction authors to see what else can be found in this sub-genre . Kennedy 's youthful protagonist is given suffeciently compelling struggles throughout the book that I found it easy to care about his dilemmas and I appreciated , as a reader , the manner in which the struggles became greater in a manner that showed the growth of the hero as he faced them . I highly recommend this book for any teen -LRB- or adult -RRB- who is doubting the validity of his/her faith , catholic or not.I hope to find and enjoy more fiction from Martin de Porres Kennedy in the future .
 One of the things that was certainly lacking in my `` Catholic '' high school curriculum back in the 70s was apologetics . In fact , I did n't even know what apologetics was until my mid 30s ! Unsure and ignorant of my Catholic faith I spent a lot of years sort of drifting in the wind blown by the infamous `` Spirit of Vatican II '' with no substance , no form , no conviction and no clue!As I started to train my own children in their Catholic Faith I looked for sources that would not only tell them what the Catholic Church teaches , but also go into a rich explanation of the `` why . `` A Philadelphia Catholic in King James 's Courtis the kind of book that would have served me well back in my high school days . This novel is engaging , thought provoking and even humorous in places . The story is so compelling that the reader can become totally engrossed in it . But more importantly , it teaches the Catholic faith in a way that captures the imagination and heart of the reader.Michael O'Shea is a high school senior , beginning to think about his plans for college when his fireman father is tragically killed in a house fire saving a drug dealer . His mother Tammi , is so shaken by her husband 's death that she agrees to take her children out of school early and live on her brother Les 's farm for the summer so that she can have time to sort through her husband 's papers and have some quiet time to grieve.Les lives deep in the bible belt . Catholics in that area are in the minority . Although Les had great admiration for his late brother-in-law , he thinks that Tammi made a mistake converting to Catholicism , and he has made it his mission to use the time he has with his sister 's family to recovert them back to Protestantism , starting with his oldest nephew Michael.In many ways , Michael is like a lot of post Vatican II Catholics . He does n't really understand what the church teaches or why , but he did have the example of his parent 's deep faith . As uncle talks to him about questions he has on Catholicism , Michael starts reading the books his father had and learning to understand Sacred Scripture and how the bible is essential to explaining and understanding what the Catholic church teaches.Young Michael is confronted many times in the books on different issues , like devotion to Mary and the papacy . The climax at the end of the book is when Michael must face a well-known Protestant apologist in front of an entirely Protestant congregation.Michael does not become a top notch apologist over night . He has a lot of stumbles and insecurity , but perseverance and study become his allies.One of the parts of the book that really meant a lot to me , was that Tammy O'Shea is never by her son 's side during these confrontations , but she is always at home praying her rosary for his safety and guidance . The power of a mother 's prayer.AA Philadelphia Catholic to King James 's Court
 This book is a great book and an easy read . Martin de Porres Kennedy tells a great story of a young Catholic boy , who does n't really know about his faith , who is confronted by his Fundamentalist Uncle and friends about the Catholic faith . You will see how the average Catholic views that Fundamentalists really know the Bible , but when one understands and knows the Catholic faith , they see that the Fundamentalist really does n't know , understand , or really follow the Bible .
 I found A Philadelphia Catholic to be a beautiful Fable with true and persuasive content . The descriptions of Philadelphia communities were right on the money . The impressions of the Catholic faith Michael runs into are the same I ran into when I first left home for other states . The answers , and reasons for catholic belief do well to describe the beauty of our faith . I think this would be a fantastic book for teenagers and young adults of all faiths . Because the underling message of being charitable and loving to everyone of every faith makes this a truly uplifting tale . I think the time frame represented in the book seems short for the amount of growth , study and learing that takes place . The characters however are all realistic , and likeable while at the same time many are easy to disagree with . Overall the story is well done and inspirational . I wish the author would do more books .
 This was a great book that taught us a lot about the Protestant and Catholic faiths . I am a Catholic and this book still taught me a lot about Catholicism . Even though it was a good book the plot was still hard to believe . The book is about a boy from Philadelphia and his father dies in a fire . The boy moves to Kentucky for the summer with the rest of his family . In Kentucky his cousins and everyone else are all Fundamentalists and they would all love to see him and his family convert to Fundamentalism . The boy , Michael , ends up getting into a few arguments with some Fundamentalists that have studied the bible for many years . The part of the plot that I find hard to believe is how a 17 year old boy can study and learn all about the bible in a few weeks , but Michael has some great arguments defending the Catholic faith and I suggest that you read this book .
 First I have to say is that what I got out of this book is not what I expected . Having been envolved in Religious debates , I can relate to nervousness that Michael experienced . Being a Catholic and having questions about my own faith , I found that this book has given me the ability to look into the Bible and find the answers to my questions .
 This is an excellent book about a young man who defends his Catholic faith to a group of Bible christians who are trying to `` save '' him from Catholicism . His defenses come from the bible alone and are true to the teachings of the Catholic Church . I would recommend this book to life-long Catholics , converts , former Catholics , and Christians of any denomination who would like to learn more about the Catholic Church and how the Church 's teachings can be supported in the scriptures .
 While the writing is not great literature , any reader who perseveres will be treated to beautiful , simple yet profound reflections on Christianity from potentially dueling perspectives . While the apologetic nature of the novel is in itself impressive , the author 's approach , showing each character as flawed but well-meaning , reminds us all to discuss matters of conviction with humility and charity .
 Though the long and odd title may make you think this book will be weird and juvenile , this novel is well thought out and very accurate . Not only does it portray the true beliefs of both fundamentalists and Catholics it shows how they differ and how a true and devout catholic can defend their beliefs when put on the spot . This is an excellent read and should be on every true Catholic or christian bookshelf .
 The Book a Philadelphia Catholic in King James Court was a good Novel . The Book had a good story and premise . Based in Kentucky it talked a lot about the Aimish and farm life . The only thing that was remotely bad about the book was some unrealistic events . Overal it was a good book . The book looked and was boring at first but as the plot and storyline started to develop it got a lot better . If any one was wondering about or having doubts of the Roman Catholic faith , I definitely recommend it .
 I thought A Philadelphia Catholic in King James 's Court was a great story about Michael , a young teenager , who has recently lost his father and is struggling to understand his faith , Christianity . After his father 's death , Michael and his family travel to Kentucky where Michael 's uncle , Les , a farmer and Fundamentalist preacher lives with his family . In Kentucky , Michael is constantly confronted with questions about his religion . The book becomes a little unrealistic at this point in depicting how Michael answers these questions . Using limited materials , a Bible and old books of his father , Michael prepares answers to these questions in a very short period of time . Michael defends the Catholic Church in areas ranging from the Inquisition to why Catholics honor Mary , the Mother of God . Les and his Fundamentalist friends hope tohat the questions draw Michael away from the Church and convert him into a Protestant . Les ' plan backfires and Michael and the reader end up learning more about his faith in Catholic doctrine and Tradition . Although the book may be unrealistic in some areas , it really explains the Catholic faith in a unique way . I think this book strengthened my Catholic faith , and is a must for anyone who wants to learn or understand more about the Catholic faith .
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James ' Court is an interesting book for the whole family . While reading the book , I found out alot about the Fundamentalists , and why Catholics believe the things they do . The only problem about the book is that there is no way that a boy Mike 's age could learn about and defend the Catholic faith so well in such a short period of time . This problem will probably not take away the enjoyment of reading the book .
 Although unrealistic at times , this book still got accross the Catholic aproach of some major misunderstood topics . The book also presented how and why fundamentalists contradict the Catholic view of these topics . After facing a devastating situation early in the book , Michael overcomes it and defends the Catholic faith against fundamentalists and their interpretation using good apologetic arguments mainly from the Bible . Overall , I thought this book was very interesting although it had many unrealistic parts . This is a good book for people who want to know about the Catholic faith . It shows different aspects of Catholiscism in a well written fictional story .
 I thought that , A Philadelphia Catholic in King James 's Court was a very good book . It was very well written and had a good plot . It is the first ever apologetic novel , and it has done a good job in clearing the way for others . In this book , there were many good discussions on the differences between Catholics and Protestants . My favorite parts in the book were whenever , Michael was in the Bible study sessions , and these chapters were very exciting . In the book , there were many good characters that really helped to make this book a lot more interesting for the reader . I especially liked that Michael succeeded in bible study and convinced hid cousin Eli , through his teachings and discussions of the Catholic Church . I thought that the story was well written , and I would love to read a sequel .
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James 's Court does an excellent job at defending and clarifying many aspects of the Roman Catholic faith . Michael O'Shea , the book 's main character , is an inspiring young Catholic that finds himself dueling fundamentalists , such as his uncle Les , on matters of his faith . Michael delivers several Bible interpretations in the book that helped me understand my own religion even better . His interpretations were not only well represented but also made a lot of sense.Through the course of the story , Michael O'Shea takes on his calling to apologetics by attending and participating in many of his uncle 's Bible studies . The fundamentalists from Uncle Les 's church are brutal in their attempts to reveal to Michael what they claim to be the only true interpretation of the Bible . Michael begins to see that the only way to counter these attacks on his faith is to read and understand the Bible . Michael shows his uncle Les and the rest of the fundamentalists that the Catholic faith does not contradict the Bible . He even shows them that their own faith is an inconsistency to the Bible.Michael 's interpretations gave me the confidence and knowledge to defend my own faith . They also helped me to understand aspects of my faith such as papal authority and the veneration of Mary . This book is a great defense for the Catholic faith and will help any Catholic to understand and fully appreciate their faith .
 I thought the book was very good and educational , with many humorous , exciting , and sad parts to keep the reader interested . It took you on a ride through the farmlands of Kentucky and showed the many differences in thought between Fundamentalists and Catholics . The book showed me how a person should defend their faith even in the face of great intransigence . The book also shows how some people are ignorant in the fact that they will say your wrong but not understand much about your beliefs . It is a wonderful book to read for Catholics and others regardless of age .
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James 's Court is a very well writen book that teaches people some of the reasoning behind the Christian faith . This book had a somewhat unrealistic storyline but was able to get across the reasoning of the Christian faith extremely well . Michael 's learning and strenghting of his faith was magnificantly displayed . The unrealistic way this happened did not greatly affect my enjoying of the book . My two concerns were that the Protestants are potraited in a way that makes there faith look disorganized and contradictory . Secondly Michael was able to have all of answers he needed to the Protestant 's questioning without any effort and was able to learn many unknown truths of the Christian faith in a short period of time . This book is a great way for non Christians to understand the Christian faith and can help answer some questions for Christians .
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James Court is an interesting book . Although all of it may not have been true , it gave me an overview of fundamentalist churches . Overall the book was pretty good , even though the beginning was very bland . Symbolism throughout this book was abundant , especially in the beginning . What I really liked about this book came in the last few chapters . These parts were the biblical discussions . At this point , I could not stop reading and enjoyed every minute . They were heated debates with great views being shot back and forth . I really learned a lot from the topics discussed . This ranged from the Catholic veneration of Mary to the Pope 's infallible status , I like it all . In most debates , things were looking down for Michael and things were going the way Les had planned . My favorite part of the book was the very last chapter . This was the best debate of the book in my opinion . Here , everything was at stake , Pastor Brown was trying to humiliate Michael . He even succeeded , until Mike fought back . Pastor Brown was the figure in Mike 's dreams and that 's where Mike defeated him . Les ' plan actually backfired on him ; he believed that he could convert Mike through these bible discussions . When Mike debated and brought up those points , he did something he had not intended . He had converted Eli .
 The book A Philadelphia Catholic in King James 's Court was a book that had some things I liked and some things I did n't like . The things I like in the story outweighed the things that I did not like . For example , I liked the intense Bible discussions between the fundamentalist ; Les , Luther , Jimmy , etc ; and Michael , the lone catholic . Another thing I like was the fact that I learned so many new things about Catholics while I was reading the story . Some things I did n't like were the lack of reaction from the fundamentalist during the Bible discussions . Also , I did n't like how they ended the last chapter of the book ; I do n't think a pastor of a church would just kick someone out of their church for making a good point about something . The author makes that up in my mind when he writes the epilogue . In the end I think this was an above average book , t would give it four out of five stars .
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James ' Court was a very well written book with a new and interesting storyline -LRB- It is the first ever apologetics novel -RRB- . The book starts out with Michael O ' Shea , -LRB- the main character -RRB- moving from Phladephia to Kentucky with his family to live with his uncle Les and cousins after his father dies in a tragic fire . While he is there , Michael learns new information about his faith and also about the local residents relgion -LRB- Fundamentalists -RRB- . Michael is in a new place and is forced to verify and defend his religon because the people in his new surroundings are all a different religon . The better part of this book is spent through the bickering of the Catholic and Fundamentalist faiths . The fundamentalist believe in taking the bible completly literally , while the cathoilcs believe in taking the bible metaphorically . I dont completly understand why a young man of 17 would dedicate his entire summer to religon instead of having fun like most other boys his age . Michael is studying lines from the bible his entire summer just in order to back up his defence of his relgion . He is treated like a lepor in there society solely on the premise of his religion . This is completly unfair and outrageous . This book intrigued me at many points to persue farther into the meaning of some of the lines . On the other hand , the plot was a little dull at points and made me wonder why i continued to read it . Overall this book was very good so i give it a 4 stars out of 5 .
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James Court was pretty good book . The book is about a teenager named Michael who , after his father dies moves to Kentucky with the rest of his family , to live with his Uncle for the summer . Michael learns things about his own religion -LRB- Catholicism -RRB- . He also learns things about his Uncle 's faith . While he is there he is forced to argue his faith to his Uncle and his church elders . This book explains some of the reasons behind the Catholic faith . It also explains the some of the reasons behind the Catholic faith . It portrays the differences between Catholicism and the Fundamentalist . The fundamentalist believes that the bible is the final authority . Catholicism teaches that the Bible comes from Tradition , so the Tradition from the Pope and the Cardinals is the final authority . There were some things I did n't like about the book . It was a bit unrealistic . No teenager would spend a summer studying about religion unless he was in summer school . When he was arguing with the fundamentalist he sites passages and lines from books that he read . Even experts ca n't remember what passage or what line to remember , so a teenager would have a lot of trouble remembering . Over all I think was a good book , but not good enough to get a five out of five .
 This was one of the most enjoyable biographies I 've read . The most distinguishing thing about this book of course is the fact that Morison recreated the voyages before his writing the book . This recreation lends credibility to his writing . But more than that , it makes much of the book , particularly those parts at sea , seem as if the reader is experiencing the voyages through the person of Columbus . Not only the particulars of what he saw , but the smells of land breezes , the feel of the trade winds , the motion of the boat . Morison 's obvious love of the sea and of sailing work very much in his favor . Another strength is the historical perspective carefully provided by Morison . Knowing what was going on with Catholic Spain during Columbus ' life -LRB- the defeat of the Moors , the expulsion of the Jews , political intrigue and conflict involving France , England , Portugal , and others -RRB- helps to explain the motivations of Columbus and his contemporaries . I was a bit wary of a 60-year old book , Pulitzer or no Pulitzer , in light of the more recent reconsiderations of Columbus . Some people would have us believe that the voyage of 1492 was some sort of original sin inflicted upon the paradise that was the western hemisphere . But in his preface , Morison makes it clear that he is concerned with Columbus , the `` man of action '' , and is leaving analyses of his motivations to others . And at any rate , Morison 's sensibilities are very much in tune with those of the year 2000 . He makes few apologies for Columbus and takes him to task where warranted , particularly for his treatment of the natives . One chapter , `` Hell in Hispaniola '' , is almost exclusively devoted to this area . One word of warning
 Samuel Eliot Morison 's Admiral of the Ocean Sea
 I knew a fair amount about the first voyage of Columbus from the perspective of the political and the historical but very little about the voyage itself or the man Columbus . The Admiral of the Ocean Sea is an excellent source for information on all of the voyages themselves as well as the general information from a historical point of view.Morison does an excellent job of describing the man Columbus . While many people in our own century will have a very difficult time seeing him as a man of morals due to the manner in which treated non-European people , Morison shows us a picture of a man consumed with the understanding of morality in his day . The lengths that Columbus went to attain piety are rarely taught or written of today and I found the sections dealing with these very informative.I also found the description of the sailing vessels and of the conditions of the sailors to be quite interesting . The majority of the material dealing with sailing itself -LRB- a good part of the book -RRB- I lacked sufficient understanding to really enjoy . I know little of navigation and little of astronomy so celestial observations are bit beyond me . However I was able to understand in general terms the result -LRB- ie Columbus was off a lot or a little -RRB- While I had learned a great deal about the dealing of later explorers with the Indians I knew little of the first explorers relations with them . Naturally what I learned about the Spaniards did not surprise me . What did surprise me was how many times traveling along the various coasts the Spaniards met with hostile locals . True most of the Indians were friendly to their own detriment but some did indeed show a little fight.Also &#65533; The Admiral of the Ocean Sea &#65533; does a really good job of placing the events of the discovery of America into their proper context . The Spanish inquisition was in full swing . The Crusades were a part of recent history and the intermingling of European royal blood for political purposes was at its height.I would recommend this book to anyone interested in a balanced biography of Columbus . Afterall it won the Pulitzer for a reason .
 Morison wrote this fine book in honor of the 450 ` th anniversary of Columbus ' discovery of America . I think Morison would be surprised at how people 's perceptions of the event have changed in the decades since.First off , let me say that the book is well worth reading . Morison was a man of the sea himself and he sailed in the same waters as Columbus . We see in the book how Columbus was a master seaman as well as being a great salesman , but on the other hand he was a poor geographer and even worse politician . The Portuguese were right in turning down his proposal for the Enterprise of the Indies , their geographers knew that Columbus was way off the mark regarding the distance from Europe to East Asia . In any event , they were making good progress down Africa and they felt it was just a matter of time until they found the bottom of the continent and the entrance to the Indian Ocean.I would now like to address the change in fortune for Columbus 's reputation . -LRB- 1 -RRB- People now like to say that he did n't `` discover '' America . One reason is because there were already people -LRB- the American Indians -RRB- there , but that is simply world-games . Of course he `` discovered '' it , no one in Europe or Asia knew about it , and the Indians did n't know about Europe or Asia either . Secondly , the fact that Columbus was n't necessarily the first to cross the Atlantic does n't change anything . The Vikings who reached North America simply viewed it as another Arctic land and had no idea of the geographical relationship of this new continent to the rest of the world . In any event , they did n't exploit their discovery in the long run , only Columbus 's voyage led to that . It is also speculated that Portuguese fisherman were crossing the Atlantic before Columbus , after all , they discovered the Azores already in the 1420 's -LRB- already one-third of the way across the Atlantic -RRB- but we do n't know if they sighted the continent , and even if they did , they , like the Vikings did n't do anything to exploit their knowledge . -LRB- 2 -RRB- People say that he is responsible for the destruction of the Indian society that existed on Hispaniola . It certainly was n't his original intention to do this . He wanted to convert the natives to Christianity , so killing them off would n't help this mission . Morison himself points out that Columbus did contribute to this tragedy , but even if Columbus had been more careful , I think the Indians would have had the same fate . The settlers that came in the wake of the discovery brought new plants and animals in addition to previously unknown diseases and all these things would have grievously damaged the Indians agricultural system and society . Add to this the Spaniard 's missionary religion which no doubt was attractive to at least some of the native population and we see that things could just not remain the same . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Some people claim the pre-Columbian New World was some sort of paradise that the Europeans ruined . This is also knows as the myth of the `` noble savage '' . Unfortunatley it is just a myth because human nature is the same all over the world . Greed , cruelty , avarice and the such are not just European or Western traits . The Carib tribes who inhabited the Caribbean Sea -LRB- and gave it its name -RRB- were very warlike and fought other , more peaceful tribes . Similarly , the Mexica -LRB- also knows as the Aztec -RRB- the Hernan Cortes conquered in the wake of Columbus was hated by its Indian neighbors for supressing them and taking prisoners for the human sacrificial system . Thus , we should be more realistic in evaluating the pre-Columbian societies and remove the `` politically correct '' rose-colored glasses . -LRB- 3 -RRB- While it is true that slaves from Africa were brought over to Hispaniola , it must be remembered that the European slave traders who brought them over to the New World did not land in West Africa and grab natives `` off the streets '' . They bought them from local African chiefs who captured prisoners in their local wars and then sold them to the Europeans . Thus , regarding the cruelty of the slavery system , there is plenty of blame to go around and not just to the white men involved.All-in-all , this is a very enjoyable book to read about a man , who perhaps more than any other single person , brought about the most massive revolution in human history .
 I have had this book on my shelf for quite a while , and finally got around to reading it after watching a documentary on Columbus on the Discivery Channel . I got inspired to overcome my intellectual laziness , and how pleased I am I did ! This book really deserves its reputation as a timeless classic , and the author , a giant of maritime history , did such a fine job that I now want to read his well known biography of John Paul Jones . The text is gripping and the author 's insights abound . This is a fine book .
 I bought the Spanish version of the book more than twenty years ago and read it several times . I have often used it for information on articles about the discovery of America and Venezuela . I am now writing for an English-language Venezuelan newspaper and , since the original book was written in English , it will be even more useful for me in the original language . The most important merit of the book , apart from Morison 's clear , concise writing style , is the fact that he followed Columbus ' routes to determine the exactness of the information provided by the Admiral 's log , specially during the third trip , when he discovered Venezuela - or what is now called so . Actually , that was the real date of discovery of the continent . Up to then , Columbus had discovered Caribbean islands . It was only after he left the Venezuelan Continental mainland that he began to realize that he `` could have found a new continent '' as Morison points out in his book . I am putting an order for the English version of the book .
 This book is the definitive work on Columbus . Morison is famous for making the same journey that Columbus made with largely the same equipment in order to prepare for writing this book . His experience shines through in the detail thatMorison lavishes on his subject.As is the case with any great biography , Morison has become enamored with his subject , highlighting his strengths and successes while downplaying his weaknesses and failures , but you know that going into any biography and can adjust your interpretation accordingly.The story here is told very well , keeping the reader engaged and turning pages . Additionally , the book dispells many of the myths and common misconceptions about Columbus and really fills in a complete picure of the man.Well worth reading for any fan of history or biography .
 This remains the definitive biography of Columbus . Morison was one of the greatest historians ever to practice the craft -- his scholarship still holds up today . He was also a master of the written word , unlike most professional historians today.Morison enumerates the reasons why he admires Columbus , but he also catalogs the man 's misdeeds -- for example , Morison uses the word `` genocide '' to describe Columbus 's treatment of the Indians as governor of Hispaniola . Morison gives his readers the facts they need to form their own opinion of Columbus . -LRB- I do not share Morison 's admiration for the man . -RRB- I must correct the astonishingly ignorant remarks of the reviewer who identified himself as `` A reader from New York City '' and entitled his review `` So much ignorance my God ... `` Here goes :1 -RRB- The reviewer asserted that Morison was not , in fact , an admiral . Actually , Morison did receive the title . FDR made Morison an honorary admiral when he commissioned the scholar to write the naval history of the US role in WWII . -LRB- Morison produced a 12-volume epic . It 's still in print . -RRB- 2 -RRB- The reviewer regurgitates a number of questions about Columbus 's origins that he apparently drew from another book by a revisionist historian -LRB- Kirkpatrick Sale ? -RRB- . The questions the reviewer repeats are good ones , but they are questions that remain open because the evidence to answer them conclusively probably does not exist . If the reviewer were a trained historian , he might understand that .
 `` Admiral of the Ocean Sea '' , Samuel Morison 's 1942 Pulitzer Prize winning biography of Christopher Columbus , is still considered by many to be the best there is . Morison spent 2 years on a sailboat re-tracing Columbus ' voyages bringing a first hand immediacy and perspective that gives it unusual authority on all technical aspects of sailing and navigation . In addition Morison was a Harvard history professor whose research of the written record is impeccable . Even before Columbus died in the early 16th century , there have been countless controversies and debates about many aspects of his life and voyages . Into this maelstrom of legend , myth and folklore - like the discover he writes about - Morison brings order , calm and reliable passage for one of the most fascinating and mythological figures of World History .
 Morison 's pulitzer prize winning work is an engaging , balanced , well written look at the life of the great explorer . The emphasis of the book is on Columbus , the mariner . -LRB- Morrison , a Harvard professor with a sailing background , actually retraced Columbus journeys in his own sailing craft -RRB- . I was interested in finding a fair and objective historical biography of Columbus -LRB- without all the negative , politically correct , anti-European propoganda that permeates the thinking of modern leftist academics -RRB- . In my opinion , this book provides it . I would highly recommend this work for students of history , who want to gain a better appreciation of the nature and significance of Columbus Voyages .
 Admiral of the Ocean Sea is a terrific effort by an outstanding naval historian . Morison 's knowledge of the sea and his personal travels to the lands explored by Columbus add much to the interest generated by this book . Particularly interesting was the review of Columbus ' role in history
 My quick summary of Morison 's Columbus ... Politician -- uselessAdministrator -- dismalNavigator and Seaman -- heroicI tried to tackle this book in chunks , which made it much longer to read . But it gave me the time to really read it.Morison set out to resail the Columbus voyages in 2 boats very similar in draft -LRB- if not tonnage -RRB- to what Columbus used . He pinpointed the bays , harbors , and landfalls as described in Columbus 's journals -LRB- and the letters and journals of others who sailed with COlumbus -RRB- , and as a result , the book is entirely credible on the sailing portions of the book . Morison 's admiration for Columbus 's feats of navigation seems boundless.There is quite a lot of sailing terminology to absorb throughout the book , and it takes time . Morison has included excellent maps for each Voyage , as well as coastline maps that illustrate very well what Columbus accomplished.The book makes clear that , while Columbus was a plain genius on the sea , in port was entirely another story . His attempts at administering New World colonies were disastrous -LRB- for natives and Spaniards , alike -RRB- , and his efforts to win favor at Court first in Portugal and then in Spain were lame . Morison likens Columbus to the Biblical David trying to please Saul and always falling further into disfavor -LRB- p. 516 -RRB- . The beginning of the book -LRB- about Columbus 's origins and early years -RRB- addresses controversies about the man that I did n't even know existed . Morison essentially pooh-poohs rumors about Columbus 's origins , effectively pins his family down in Genoa for several generations , and explains how Columbus became an ocean-going man and chart-maker . The book is convincing that Columbus is who he is.Morison 's style can be grating . At times , it was like having the M * A * S * H character Charles Emerson Winchester III read aloud some tedious part of his own diary . Bleah . You get the impression that Morison is one of those snobbish , ivory-tower academic elitists until you remember that this guy MADE THESE OCEAN CROSSINGS , which is not a wimpy undertaking . And then you read his perspective on America 's coming war with the Axis powers -LRB- this book was done in 1939 and 1940 -RRB- , and it puts him in a more favorable light . For example , p. 493 has this -LRB- discussing the native Taino population of Hispaniola -RRB- : `` The fate of this gentle and almost defenseless people offers a terrible example to Americans who fancy they will be allowed to live in peace by people overseas who covet what they have . '' -LSB- My note
 This is a remarkable book about a remarkable man . Morison , the author , was a sailor as well as an outstanding historian and retraced as much as he could all of Columbus ' movements even when he was on foot in Europe . These three qualities
 Well researched and written tome on Christopher Columbus . It is thorough to the point of excessive and gets to be slow a points but the information included is well presented . The obvious pro Columbus bias is present , but the reader understands this in advance and can adjust as necessary . The research done included the actual sailing of similar ships along the most possible route Columbus took . Another negative during this time is the nautical jargon used by the author which is hard to understand . Morison writes with the understanding that any reader interested in Columbus will identify with the technical verbiage , but he does attempt to simplify the terms without being condescending . Despite these minor bumps in the road , this book is well worth the time to understand Columbus and the rediscovery of America .
 How wrong I was about this book ! When I initially paged through it , I thought it would be dry , boring and humorless . Instead , it was utterly fascinating , all 670 pages of my edition . Not to mention all the wonderful charts and maps . Down to the very last paragraph . Perhaps I could have wished for a tad less sailing data , as I am no mariner , and understood very little , but Morison himself actually sailed the four voyages that Columbus took -LRB- one in conjunction with Harvard University -RRB- and his obvious love of sailing shows on every page . Published in 1942 , it won the Pultizer Prize for biography in 1943 , deservedly so . And yet - while Columbus was without question one of the world 's greatest navigators , all of his exploration was for gold , spices , a way to the Orient of Marco Polo , in other words , wealth , and not for the sheer joy of discovery . And the Spaniards ' treatment of the Edenic Indians , for which Columbus was responsible , and certainly did his own share , was heartwrenching . Sorry to have finished it .
 Nice telling of Chris Columbus 's four journeys to the west . What would n't any of us give to of seen these lands before we stripped them of their indigenous trees , plants , wildlife , people and polluted them . During chris 's journey he says the turtles were so numerious that he feared running aground them while sailing . You could hear their shells clacking against each other . WowTurns out tho that Chis was a very cruel individual . Exterminating and enslaving the indigenous peoples . He also sold them into slavery to pay for his journeys . In fact his very first thoughts when he encountered these people was how good slaves they would make . Later he made the Indians pay him a tribute in gold -LRB- of which there was hardly any -RRB- or be killed . The crews of all the voyages did a lot of raping and stealing . They 'd walk right into their huts and take whatever they wanted ! But when three Indians took an item of clothing of one of the crew , one had his ears sliced off and the other two were beheaded . They were barbarians . No morals whatsoever . Nothing like putting your best foot forward.Chris btw was an extremely religious man . A devote Catholic . His favorite hangouts were monasteries . He even wore monks trappings while in between journeys . Everything he did was for the glory of god ... . country ... and his pocket book.I 'm on page 547 right now and am debating whether to finish , it 's become so depressing .
 What other Author on Columbus was also an Admiral ? ... and sailed the same pathways on a clipper ship ? ... Morison has written many books on Cristobal ... and this one is the cadaliac . I have a slip-covered collectors edition , but have bought many used copies to give to friends as gifts -LRB- plus a few for myself -RRB- . If you like truthful history written with style and professionalism ... this in a book to own .
 Christoher Columbus , the life story is excellently written and had lots of detail to ensspire me to read another life story of someonbe else
 Morison -LRB- RIP -RRB- was in love with Columbus , thus , do n't hold your breath waiting to find out details of the natives ' Holocauts -LRB- yes -RRB- . And the `` other '' Holocaust will be forever part of his biography.Columbus was in large part responsible for introducing penalty of cutting off hands of Indians who failed to produce the quota of gold dust . Greedy Columbus himself was killing natives at the wholesale . After all , in his first journal the word `` gold '' is repeated countless times . Columbus was first the businessman , and then a superb mariner.Such abuses are polished by Morison , making the book unreliable source.Still , author uses good narration to explain life of Columbus , and sets in invironment . If you know nothing about Columbus , you may buy the book for its easy reading . If you are looking for fair and detailed bio , look further -LRB- John Boyd Thacher , `` Cristopher Columbus '' , 1903 , is still the best source -RRB- . Worthwile to note
 I have n't been this excited over a cookbook in a couple of years . I have been looking for a good African cookbook , but have not had much success . Therefore , it was a real treat to find this one.The author is from West Africa and I would venture to say that the recipes are focused on the cooking of her region . Although she does include some indentifiable dishes from other parts of Africa , it is not a comprehensive `` all-Africa '' cookbook , but I think that this is its strength , as it gives an in-depth view of one region.I was able to find what I needed for the recipes at the local supermarket - the most exotic ingredients were coconut milk and fresh ginger . The first recipe I tried was Lagba Lagba Chicken , a kind of sweet and sour lemon chicken cooked in coconut milk with lots of fresh ginger and bell peppers . It was just terrific , so fresh-tasting and different.I also tried Maama Lahun 's Chicken in Kponwoh Plasas , a chicken stew flavored with mushrooms , tomatoes , and ginger , and chockful of vegetables - lima beans , okra , asparagus , and spinach . Like the Lagba Lagba Chicken , this dish was very easy to put together and the resulting dish unbelievably fresh and delicious.All of the recipes emphasize the use of fresh vegetables and although some deep-fried items are included , this is naturally healthy cooking . As the author urges people to experiment on their own , this is also very flexible cooking . I cut the hot peppers out of the Lagba Lagba Chicken so that my young sons would eat it , and everyone was happy . I substituted turnip greens for spinach in the Chicken in Kponwoh Plasas and the result was fine . The presentations and some of the garnishes suggested -LRB- such as spiced nuts or beans -RRB- seem original to this American cook.I learned some surprising things - for example , that mushrooms are used in West African cooking . The author 's stories are heartfelt , finely told , and interesting , and add to the experience . I am really enjoying this book and am looking forward to the next dinner that comes out of it .
 As a self-taught student of the Yiddish language , I 've sought out many Yiddish language text books . Uriel Weinreich 's `` College Yiddish '' is by far the definitive book on the subject . All other first-year books pale in comparison . Each lesson is presented and structured in an extremely logical and coherent manner . The scope of `` College Yiddish '' covers the language so extensively that before you know it , you 're able to read Yiddish books and newspapers without much effort . If you are a student of other foreign languages , you will be amazed at just how well this book was written . You 'll wish that Uriel Weinreich had written books covering other languages as well.The Yiddish texts at the beginning of each chapter are intelligently written -- not `` dumbed-down '' as most language books do . `` College Yiddish '' does n't just cover grammar and vocabulary , it also includes the history of the language , Jewish culture in Europe , anti-Semitism , folklore , Zionism , creation of Israel , etc , all presented in a very appealing way.While studying from `` College Yiddish '' , I also recommend that you purchase Uriel Weinreich 's `` Modern English-Yiddish Yiddish-English Dictionary '' . After your completion of `` College Yiddish '' , you should continue your studies with `` Yidish af Yidish '' by David Goldberg and `` Yiddish II
 Those who have spent any time looking for good information on the Yiddish language know quite well how difficult it is to find anything of any quality . `` College Yiddish '' is the best source I have ever found in three years of searching . Besides containing very clear explanations of grammar accompanied by exercises , the cultural information included is of immense interest . I heartily recommend this book .
 Too many books that purport to teach you Yiddish treat it as either a joke or a relic . Prof. Weinreich 's `` College Yiddish '' treats Yiddish as a living , expressive and literary language , not as a compendium of phrases to say to your bubbe when she visits , or as a collection of cursewords . The book consists of 30 graded lessons , each based on a text which covers some aspect of Jewish life , culture and history , and especially of the Jewish communities of central and eastern Europe for whom Yiddish was a bond . At the end of the book is an excellent precis of Yiddish grammar . But this book is n't `` dry as dust , '' either
 This book was my introduction to George MacDonald 's adult fiction , and I think his best ! Do n't miss the sequel , The Marqui 's Secret . As a child I grew up reading C.S. Lewis , John White and MacDonald 's writings and developed a love for the keen insights and deep thoughts in MacDonald 's novels as well as his inspirational books . Interestingly , he was the spiritual and literary mentor for both Lewis and Tolkein . They are not a lightweight romances like modern authors tend to write , but classic love story both men and women read and enjoy .
 Excellent reading ! This was my introduction to George MacDonald 's books . Not a soppy romance as today 's authors tend to write , but even one that men would enjoy reading for leisure ! As I am a GREAT fan of C.S.Lewis ' and Tolkien 's writings , I was fascinated to find that both these author 's drew a lot of their inspiration from MacDonald 's writings . I have since read `` The Princess & the Goblin '' , `` The Princess & Curdie '' , `` The Golden Key '' , and `` The Light Princess '' . My husband is currently reading Phantastes and we have also bought Lilith , still to be read . I look forward to getting `` The Marquis ' Secret '' if I can , as I really would like to follow the full story !!
 This is the first George MacDonald book I read . It is extremely interesting and educational , especially if you 're interested in Scottish history . It is 1 of a 2 book series . I recommend them both .
 . `` The Fisherman 's Lady '' and its sequel `` The Marquis Secret '' are available in a single volume , `` Malcom '' . This and `` The Highlander 's Last Song '' are among his best.An excellent gift for a University lecturer or a politicians wife.MacDonald inspired men like Tolkien , Lewis and Chesterton . If you like tension between characters you ca n't beat MacDonald . The man was a genius.Enjoy .
 I found this to be such a wonderful story . George MacDonald knew how to write in such a way that the reader could not help but think about how they live and think or do n't ever really think ... . just wonderful ... and the sequel is every bit as wonderful ! Betty Collins
 I like the later retellings by Michael Phillips as he leaves in more of the spiritual stuff , but this is a good entry level book into a very deep author . I re-read all the MacDonalds every year or so .
 `` Environmental scholar Indur Goklany disagrees with both the UN and the EU visions . In his new book The Precautionary Principle
 Goklany 's `` Precautionary Principle '' is a thoughtful examination of this political paradigm . In its basic form , the precautionary principle states that harmful actions should be prevented or halted , even if evidence of harm is incomplete . Although this ideal seems reasonable on its surface , it has resulted in a number of undesirable consequences that beg for a better solution . These negative consequences are so common and so expensive as to suggest that the principle itself is lacking or applied wrongly . I like to call it , `` unprincipled precaution , '' rather than precautionary principle , because its mindless application has been so destructive.Goklany rightly goes to the core of the problem
 Goklany 's `` Precautionary Principle '' is a thoughtful examination of this political paradigm . In its basic form , the precautionary principle states that harmful actions should be prevented or halted , even if evidence of harm is incomplete . Although this ideal seems reasonable on its surface , it has resulted in a number of undesirable consequences that beg for a better solution . These negative consequences are so common and so expensive as to suggest that the principle itself is lacking or applied wrongly . I like to call it , `` unprincipled precaution , '' rather than precautionary principle , because its mindless application has been so destructive.Goklany rightly goes to the core of the problem
 Environmental risk assessment has long been a part of international agreements and business controls
 Frankly , I do n't understand how any of Judith Tarr 's books can ever go out of print . I own everything of hers that I 've been able to find , and I read them all on at least a yearly basis , sometimes even more frequently . The Dagger and The Cross continues the story of Aidan and Morgiana , who met in Alamut . Aidan is a prince from the West , and a Crusader ; Morgiana is a Muslim , and a former Assassin . One of Ms. Tarr 's most marvelous gifts is the ability to weave basic human conflicts into the fabric of history and fantasy , creating an incredible tapestry of wonder and truth . Aidan and Morgiana 's problem , the difficulty of reconciling their enormously different belief systems and moral codes , despite their love for one another , lies at the heart of all relationships . This is historical fantasy par excellence ; a book not to be missed .
 Judith Tarr transports the reader back to the time of the Crusader States , in a riveting tale of love , betrayal , and magic . Towering characterizations of historical figures such as the Muslim general Saladin , King Baldwin III , his sister Sybilla , her feckless husband Guy de Lusignan , all in a slightly alternate universe wherein the Jinni are real , with terrible power , and offset by Tolkien-like Elves on the side of the Crusaders . The interwoven history is real , and Ms Tarr will have the reader believing in the fantasy as well , before this novel is half read .
 I bought this book and Alamut when was in high school and lost them years ago . I was so happy to have it to download and read again on my Kindle !
 King of Paris a Novel tells the life story of Alexandre Dumas . -LRB- In real life Dumas wrote The Three Musketeers and many many others . -RRB- We meet Dumas in childhood declaring a duel with God one stormy night in the highest room in the house . The young Dumas comes to Paris and on the theory that if one writes a page a day then in a year one will have a novel and if one writes six pages a day then in a year one will have six novels , Dumas becomes literary history.Guy Endore 's story is written like fiction and reads fast and well . I do n't know how much of it is history and how much is put in to add color . There is a lot of historical detail -LRB- not boring trust me -RRB- . Probably Guy Endore just picked a colorful character to write about and went from there . This book was very entertaining and written with much humor and color .
 King of Paris a Novel tells the life story of Alexandre Dumas . -LRB- In real life Dumas wrote The Three Musketeers and many many others . -RRB- We meet Dumas in childhood declaring a duel with God one stormy night in the highest room in the house . The young Dumas comes to Paris and on the theory that if one writes a page a day then in a year one will have a novel and if one writes six pages a day then in a year one will have six novels , Dumas becomes literary history.Guy Endore 's story is written like fiction and reads fast and well . I do n't know how much of it is history and how much is put in to add color . There is a lot of historical detail -LRB- not boring trust me -RRB- . Probably Guy Endore just picked a colorful character to write about and went from there . This book was very entertaining and written with much humor and color .
 This is an excellent audio tape that explains what clinical depression is . It is a good starting point to help a person recognize what they are feeling . The side on anxiety management is for heavy problems . It might have been better to make two different tapes , but I still would highly recommend it.I 've given this tape to people who are obviously hurting . It is a way to help someone help themselves . It is easier to comprehend that reading a book on depression . Plus , it gives you a way to help when you see someone in pain .
 This is an excellent audio tape that explains what clinical depression is . It is a good starting point to help a person recognize what they are feeling . The side on anxiety management is for heavy problems . It might have been better to make two different tapes , but I still would highly recommend it.I 've given this tape to people who are obviously hurting . It is a way to help someone help themselves . It is easier to comprehend than reading a book on depression . Plus , it gives you a way to help when you see someone in pain .
 A great book written by a great thinker . It 's a shame there 's no translation for Portuguese . I would apreciatte if anyone coul 'd nominate me other authors with the same theme , as I will need all the material possivel for my thesis .
 I thought this was an excellent book that helped construct a frame for me to begin to understand India . After travelling in the country recently , my memories of the book helped me put into perspective what I saw about the Indians , and the times I saw them taking advantage of each other . More importantly , the book described the search for dignity that people of all countries must share . It is a very complex country and I was glad I read this .
 For those interested in the Indian Villages and the problems of the peasants this book is the best `` relaxed '' read .
 BODY SCISSORS BY JEROME DOOLITTLEThe first novel to introduce Tom Bethany , a quirky , enigmantic PI , with a mysterious past , ex-Air America , Ex-CIA , ex-Harvard , and a Semi-Pro Wrestler , now acting as Left Wing Muscle . The character is very much like the Writer in background , and if you missed Doolittle?s books you are in for a suprise . They really predate the Lehane , Burke Hiasson , Harlan Coben and Crais books , Very funny , ironic , Trageic but ultimately uplifting.The story centres on Bethany being hired to check up on the past of a US Senator , due to be enrolled as Secretary of State . The Repubulicans hire Tough Guy Tom Bethany to check out any skeleton?s in the Professors Closet , and the adventure gets vary hairy , and sureall . The climax is very disturbing , and not for the faint of heart.One of the best books I?ve read in a long time , cozy , but very shocking , as it lulls you into a false sense of security . Catches you on Page one , and then the squeeze is on . Thankfully back in print .
 Doolittle raps out hit after hit in the hard-boiled mystery category . The true mystery is why he is not a best-selling star . If you like caustic wit , a progressive social consciousness , and a vicarious chance to hit back at the corrupt rich and powerful , check this book out .
 Body Scissors by Jerome Doolittle is a sensational Boston based murder mystery made all the more interesting by a tie-in to politics at the highest level.Tom Bethany , investigator extrordinaire , is hired by the campaign of a Presidential candidate to find out everything there is to know about Professor Alden Kellicott , a potential nominee for the lofty position of Secretary of State.Kellicott is eminently qualified for the job , though some who know him rather well question his ethical standards . The professor 's personal life is quite unremarkable except for the fact his wife is independently wealthy and his daughter was tragically murdered two years before . Emily Kellicott , age 26 and estranged from her family , was found strangled to death in a snowbank outside the low rent massage parlor in which she worked.Bethany proves to be a very appealing protagonist . A former Olympic class wrestler , Bethany is tough to be sure . A cynic 's cynic , he chooses to live his life under the radar . But when it comes to investigating , he is as relentlessly thorough as can be . When his preliminary undercover work almost gets him murdered , Mr. Bethany realizes he has stumbled onto something big.This is a fantastic page turner of a book . The mystery of Emily 's murder is a compelling one and Tom Bethany is one of the most interesting fictional crimesolvers to come down the literary pike in quite some time.Read Body Scissors . You will find it to be well written and very satisfying . An enthusiastic 5 stars .
 First time ever reviewing for Amazon , although I 've bought plenty . Why bother ? Because Jerome Doolittle 's Body Scissor 's is worth the read and the write . If you enjoy Crais , Parker et al , you will enjoy Jerome 's style as well . Tom Bethany is just the guy I 'd like to be -- if I were a guy . :--RRB- Read his earlier works - grow with his characters .
 Since Chomsky established the GB model in the early 1980 's , many introductory books have been published . Culicover 's book came out by the end of the GB fashion when most people were attracted by Chomsky 's new ideas of the minimalist program -LRB- MP -RRB- . However , this book is not out of date at all , since Culicover illustrated the GB theory in a very critical way providing with quite a number of problems which can not be solved at ease within the GB framework . All those problems are interesting issues that generative syntax has to manage . Though the author gave some suggestions , the issues remained open both to the GB framework and the MP followers . After reading this book , you may realize that the GB model is not as good as most people believe and that the burden of the MP will be heavier when it has to take over what left insolvable in the GB .
 I have used this book , along with other similar sources , for writing a parametric grammar of Persian.The book is coherently organized into ten chapters
 The book was in excellent condition you ca n't even tell that it 's been used . Also , it came very fast . Excellent Service and reliability ! I would definantely purchase from this person again in the future !
 I bought this for my son to study to help him pass this test and if he would have actually read it he would n't have failed . It 's a great book though .
 ASVAB for Dummies is a great book that really helps you to prepare for the ASVAB exam . You do not need to read the entire book to be able to do well on the exam . The exam covers the following subjects
 Good Book to study for the ASVAB , just take your time and do n't rush into the test without being sure you are going to dominate .
 In short , this book is great because it is a refresher on all the stuff i 've learned but was having a hard time remembering . I have n't made it all the way through the book yet but i hope to get far because i will be testing this month . I also love the methods introduced that i never knew about like what to do when trying to guess an answer if you dont have a clue .
 First of all , I would have to say I was greatly satisfied with the delivery time of my book . I was expecting it within 3-4 days and got it next day.The product itself is very easy to understand . Every section of the ASVAB , the scoring , and the AFQT is broken down . There is a lesson for each section and three practice exams along with a practice AFQT exam . There is also a list of scores needed on the AFQT for each branch and each career for each branch . Definitely worth the low price !
 If I would n't have utilized this for my asvab I would have done horribly . I 'm so glad I picked this up !
 Well the first time I came into the asvab I wasnt entirely prepared for it . I didnt study and I figured that I would do well . After scoring a 66 and missing the job I wanted in the Air force , by the Line scores , not my AFQT ; I decided to give this book a shot , and begin studying for an hour a day for about 2 weeks . The book is pretty simple , it does n't go into deep depth of each subject , but it covers the basics . The majority of the questions on the asvab were n't even close to the sample questions in the book , but what the book allowed me to do was sharpen my skills , and helped me to begin thinking more critically , and learning how to make better predicted guesses on the asvab . All of my line scores increased , and my General line score increased by 20 points . This book is excellent for someone looking to increase there line scores in weaker areas , -LRB- for me I increased my mechanical line score by 14 points -RRB- . If you want a book that is basic and that will sharpen the skills you already know & , while at the same time teach you how to think more critically and more decisive in weaker areas then this book is for you .
 I purchased the Asvab for dummies in March . I llike the book . It was in mint condition but did the job on me studing .
 great book . . i have learned a lot !! i recommend this book for anyone who wants to join the military and will soon be faced with taking the ASVAB test.i studied for the math section of the ASVAB and i passed with flying colors
 The book is very easy to read and understand , gives very clear explanations , but it could it be great if it included a practice CD like most ASVAB books now come with ...
 I just made a 92 on the ASVAB due to the help I received from this book ... That 's basically all my review needs to say.In all seriousness , This book is great if you are looking to take the ASVAB . It may not make you much smarter , but it will definitely refresh your memory from high school , specifically math equations . It also helped me learn base material on subjects of electronics and mechanics that will help with some easy questions and also help with making educated guesses on the tough ones that you may not know.All-in-all I would highly recommend this book to anyone looking to take the ASVAB for the first time or anyone looking to improve their score .
 as a former Armed Service Recruiter i will say i have seen my share of individuals that are from all walks of life that wish to pursue a career in the Military and the fact of the matter it all start with the ASVAB . Now some believe that if your currently in high school you do n't need to study or if your in college that the Math is easier on this test . let me tell you all from experience that i have witness more failures from High School Students and even more from those who are in college . and here is my conclusion to this occurrence . first the asvab is to determine ones amplitude from an high school level which means if your in college and have n't brush up on simple high school math you may have a hard time on this exam . as for high school students i believe it is how things are taught . they are trained to solve problems but sometime it not retained because it not applicable to real world issues and is forgotten and the end of the lesson . and asvab for dummies make it simple to regain the knowledge to be successful on this exam . just make sure your guide is current .
 Very intelligently organized , written and presented . Upped my Asvab score 32 points from the initial practice test . Was a great help . If any book will help ya about this topic it 's this one
 I would HIGHLY recommend buying this book if your taking the ASVAB . If you study it you will know everything you need to know and much more ! You will have no problem getting the job you want !! I just took the test yesterday and this book had all of the information needed to pass with flying colors ! You will be highly over qualified to pass the ASVAB if you buy this book and actually spend the time to read through it and study anything you are not 100 % knowledgeable about . It will improve your score on all sections of the ASVAB . GOOD LUCK
 I have this book . While I have not taken the ASVAB , what I 've seen of the samples in the book would indicate that criticism about incorrect answers is false . And I 'm a pretty good test-taker . Wiley has elevated their Dummies books by making their contents as accurate as possible . That is why Dummies books are used as classroom resources across the country and why I also use them when I need to get up to speed quickly , accurately and without unnecessary information .
 I greatly enjoyed the practice tests in this book . I always find that one of the best ways to prepare for a test is to practice similar tests and this book with companion cd gives you plenty of practice.It is well written and reads more like a friendly conversation rather than a text book shouting facts at you.No test prep book will ever give you all the information you could ever need to know , but this does suggest good secondary sources should you really need to brush up on some things.Overall i would say that this book is great if you need to fill in some small gaps , but if you are looking for complete lessons , you might want to look for local classes -LRB- as the book suggests -RRB-
 I borrowed a copy of the ASVAB for Dummies from my local library . While I used other study guides after this , I enjoyed this guide the most . I completely forgot all of my highschool mathematics and needed the review . The for Dummies series makes light of dense and boring subject matter and actually encouraged me to enjoy studying ! * gasp * For an overall review this is a great book and it makes studying several entirely different subject matters fun and easy . If you need a serious mathmatics review like I did I recommend this book and picking up another ASVAB study guide to make sure you cover all theories and practices . I received an 80 on the ASVAB and am very happy with my score .
 This book was very helpful in letting us know about the ASVAB . It showed us how to get a better AFQT score as well as what areas we needed to score higher in to get the job we wanted . It was very easy to use and the practice tests were so helpful . My husband past the test and got the job area he wanted . It also prepared him for what the test day was like and gave him clues on how to stay at ease and help his knowledge be better used . We were in a hurry to study up and it was quick and to the point . I will probably look at other dummies books for other helps .
 Being out of High School for a few years now , this book certainly helped get the review on the subjects I needed . I raised my ASVAB score at least 20 points . I 'd say this book is certainly worth it if you need that refresher course .
 I am currently DEPed into the US Navy.Before taking the ASVAB , I took several online practice exams , as well as the first practice exam inside this book . I did n't do too well on certain portions of the exam.Focusing on the things I had trouble on , and brushing up on the rest of the stuff , I studied for about a month.When I went to take my ASVAB for the first time , I did well on every exam , making a 94 AFQT -LRB- scored higher than 94 % of applicants -RRB- . I absolutely recommend this book . It provides more knowledge than is needed to pass the test , and keeps things interesting with side-notes , trivia , and funny comments .
 It really is a great book it is full of facts . It helps you solve problems and gives you hints for taking the test , most recruiters recommend this , it is also cheaper on here then that garbage store Barns and Noble .
 This is a very good book ! My sister and I used it to study for the ASVAB . Do n't worry too much about the test , look over this book and relax during the test !
 cd is a nice addition to help with test taking . The book goes into good detail of the types of questions and does provide the answers and why
 Book is packaged properly so it is not easy to tamper with it . Great that it comes with a CD .
 The book was very helpful with taking the ASVAB . It changed all my scores by at least 10pts . I recommend also looking up science facts .
 the way they set up this book is amazing the only thing that really does n't help you a lot is in word knowledge . You are on your own with that -LRB- tip ; read more and use dictionary -RRB- I took the asvab already the first time i got a 38 then i after study i got a 50 it does improve but then again it depends how much time you put in it i did little study so i wase n't at may full potential -LRB- all i need it was to improve my WK -RRB- . So now am currently enlisted in the Marine Corp , MOS MP , Shiping June 10 2013 , MCRD San Diego !
 Well very decent for it to be a used book good shape not many markings and no tears.good job I 'm satisf
 This book is great for anyone having trouble taking the asvab for the first time . My daughters score improved tremendously !
 This book was worth every nickel in preparing me for the ASVAB . I was at MEPS on Thursday and Friday this week and absolutely destroyed the ASVAB , earning an AFQT composite score of 96 . If you actually take the time and read this book , memorize , memorize , memorize the info presented , and practice all of the tests , you will succeed in getting the score you need for your desired job . The information contained is up-to-date and the format is easy to understand and follow.If I were to change anything it would be to have the presentation of facts & various information altered slightly into , for instance , tables or charts to make it even easier to glance at . Sometimes I found it frustrating to locate info I knew I had previously seen but could not quickly locate while studying .
 This book was in great condition when it arrived , it arrived just in time for me to take my test .
 my nephew was looking for a fast and easy way to study for the asvab and this book came highly recommended . he has not taken the test but he say that it would help if the book came with more pictures as examples .
 The book got to me fast with not a dent on it . I am really happy with the quality of the book and the handling of it .
 The Book is Okay , ive learned a lot even though there are some errors . I do plant to join the NAVY or AIRFORCE .
 The book came in time . I did not have to wait long at all to receive my book in the mail . The book was in great condition !!!!!!!!!!
 I purchased this book for my son who is preparing to go into the Army . It seems like a really good , helpful book . The book contains a lot of information and has several practice tests . He is still reading the book , but I feel goood about its content .
 BUY THE BOOK !!!! It helped me and I know it can help you . Read it and love it . I heard they were changing the test though so good luck !!
 This book is fantastic , no lie it Helped me to pass the asvab to join the Air Force , i would definately recommend this book .
 It arrived in perfect condition and when they said so . Got this for my son , who wants to go into the Marines . He said , it has helped him with the Math since it breaks it down into layman terms and helped him understand the algebra section which he struggles with . So happy they have a book that focused on the test for military . This should give him a leg up on a good score on the test . God bless all our young men and women who give their all for our freedom .
 i got it for a friend since he was joining the marines and he needed to study so this was my going away present for him and he loved it i wish this guy the best
 i loved this book its easy to read and understand , looking forward to passing my asvab with flying colors.The grammer is quitesimple to understand , this book is for the people who do not have timeto study the big complicated asvab books , this will make you understand matth even though you are not good at it.I gave it a five star because it was worth eevry dollar i spent on it .
 The book arrived in great shape and on time . It was a gift , so I 'm not sure of anything else related to the contents of the book , or if it was helpful to the person who received it as a gift .
 This product was in great condition when i received it there is nothing wrong with it and its exactly perfect for what i needed it for . Highly recommend
 I really like this book . It helps me to refresh my mind in a lot of stuff I had forgot ! Good book .
 great transaction . . book is as described and was received on time . . at the given price this was a good value !
 I started using this book two weeks before I was scheduled to take the ASVAB . I ended up getting a 90 ! The questions on the practice test in this book are much more difficult than the ASVAB questions ! The content in this book was dead on !
 I absolutely love this book !! I got this book in 2 DAYS !!! Fast shipping !! Looks great ! I am joining the air force and I have to score really high on the asvab to get the job I want ! I suck at Work Knowledge ! But I went from a 30 on my practice test to a 60 !! This book is great ! I advise everyone to get it !
 This book worked very well for me in preparing for the asvab , though i did not take any of the practice tests . All the material is well -- explained . Using this book helped me boost my score of 81 to a 93 . : D
 This book was what it says it is . I 'm no idiot , and just wanted to review some old math that I figured I could catch up on . I already had a pretty good score on the ASVAB in all areas , but this book improved all areas regardless .
 I 'm almost looking forward to actually taking the ASVAB after reading through this book - it made everything so easy , even the sections I do n't need to excel in ! Very clear , and the author is personable enough to make you feel comfortable while learning ...
 Without this , I can assure you I would have had to wait an extra 3 months to retake my ASVAB for the United States Air Force.For the price I got it for , it was well worth the investment and I passed it onto my friends and relatives interested in joining the Military .
 Thanks to this book I was able to get a score of 96 on the ASVAB . I 'm not sure how much of that score it due to this book but I know it sure helped a lot.I purchased this book at a local book store -LRB- to bad they went out of business -RRB- and used it to mainly touch up on my math skills that I have n't used for years.If you 're looking to increase you 're word knowledge and reading comprehension this book will help you some but you will be better off just finding some books YOU find interesting and reading them and looking up any words you do n't know.This book will mainly help familiarize you with the test -LRB- you will most likely be taking the CAT-ASVAB so take the tests on the cd -RRB- and anything you have difficulty with just keep going over until you are comfortable . For me I did a whole bunch of mathematical reasoning problems . Your recruiter will be happy to give you a little extra time to study if you ask them.Good luck and do n't stress over it .
 The information and the tips were very hepfull.The test parts and the answers give an almost test scenario.Thank you very much .
 My husband said this book was excellent , its really helping him study for the ASVAB , he hasnt taken it yet so we dont know what his score will be but he studies everyday using this book .
 This ASVAB Book is very detailed and really goes into everything you would like to know for the test .
 This book was recommended by a Navy recruited when attending our high school . Said it contained better information than what we had on hand in the school library .
 Book was purchased as a gift . It had the needed info and met all expectations . Very helpful to the complete the test .
 THIS BOOK WILL HELP PREPARE YOU FOR THE MILITARY ASVAB TESTS . WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED AND IT WAS HELPFUL TO MY TEENAGE BOYS ,
 I read a lot of review on this book on this site . Some were good , some not so good . I took a chance anyway and I was very happy with the results . I am in the Army Reserves and needed to take it over again to qualify for the job that I went in for . -LRB- I 'm a former Marine -RRB- This book really helped me and I got an even better score than when I first came in in the Marine Corps ! Highly recommend this book !
 Very good book to help you pass the ASVAB . You must get Powers other one which is the most important for thetest .
 very good manual for the people that try to taking the asvav , easy to understand , the price was ok
 First off , this product is for a friend who is going to be taking the ASVAB within the next few weeks . Although many people might say not to buy this since the same things can be found online , this book is great . The book offers numerous tests along with great explanations of why the answer is what it is.If I had to leave one negative comment , I guess it would be that the book prior to the tests might be a bit wordy .
 In my opinion , this plus the Barron 's flashcards are all you need . New join or current service members will greatly benefit from this product .
 I bought this for my son to practice for his entrance test . He said that it really helped him prepare .
 studing this book helped my daughter to score very high on the asvabprice was great and I love the over night shippment A + + + +
 I WANTED TO KEEP THE STUDY AID AS SIMPLE AS POSSIBLE FOR MY SON TO PREPARE HIS SELF FOR THE TEST TO ENTER THE AIRFORCE ... I WANT HIM TO SUCCEED ! I NEED HIM TO SUCCEED!THIS SEEMS AS IF IT WILL DO JUST THAT.ALSO , THANKS TO THE GUYS WHO PREVIOUSLY RATED THIS BOOK .
 This book was excellent for cramming before the test . The material that the ASVAB covers is often dry and boring -LRB- honestly -RRB- , but this book makes it an easy read that does n't put you to sleep.I used this book as a study aide 1 week before the test , and got a very high score . I 'm not saying that using this book will guarantee you a High Score but I 'm confident that it will help boost your score.The fact is ; the test material is n't hard but taking the test on things you have n't thought about for a while can be tricky . This book does three things for you :1 . Makes the material a bit more interesting2 . Jogs your memory3 . Familiarizes you with the style and timing of the test sections.The 3rd one is the most important.As if you could n't guess , I highly recommend this book .
 Yes , I know there are errors in the book . Yes , it could use additional editing . Just be aware of those things ; I think the benefits are still there . It provides a great quick review . I have been out of school a few years , so the review of material was beneficial . When I took the practice test in the recruiter 's office I got a 77 . Not too shabby , but you do have to think , this score means a great deal for career choices . I studied for a couple weeks and when I took the actual ASVAB I got a 99 .
 I just took the ASVAB last week . I scored an AFQT percentile score of 90 . I 'm currently going Air Force and the scores were : M 73 did not study for it at all , hardly gave any effort and still scored 73A 91 my recruiter said that this part is always easyG 88 The book helps a great dealE 81 The book helps a great deal too except the electronics sub testSo here are my recommendations concerning those going Air Force . Study this book if you need high scores in the AFQT , general , and electronics . I would supplement this book with the online tests on -LSB- ... -RSB- and a specific book concerning electronics . Hardly any of the electronics material from the book was on the test , so you may have to buy a Electronics for Dummies . Take all 3 of the full tests on -LSB- ... -RSB- . That 's it ! You will need nothing else except 7-8 hours sleep , a hardy breakfast , some coffee , and self confidence . Remember , you are being scored on how well you do against your competition . Most of the tests were only 16 questions and you will have ample time to answer . Just stay calm and be confident . Make sure to have a small snack , like an oatmeal bar , and use the restroom before going to take the test . It is a freakin ' cake walk!Oh , and one more thing some of the military people there are rude . You think they would have some decent manners .
 This book was extremely helpful in more ways then one . First off let me start out by saying I scored a 41 on the pretest , but ended up with a 70 on the real deal because of this book . It will help you out with not just what 's on the test , but also helpful hints along the way . Test advice . What scores you will need for certain jobs . It also comes with a cd because 9/10 you will take the comp version of the test . It also has a page on what to do for test day itself to also help smooth things out . Really worth the money and amazon got it to me fast . Remember do n't put off something this important . I went into the Army as a Cav scout , but getting such a good score opened up a whole world or other jobs for me . Good luck on your test and buy this book !
 I bought this book after visiting the author 's extensive military web site on About.comASVAB for Dummies is Great ! It 's not just a collection of practice tests -LRB- although there are three complete practice tests included -RRB- . The authors go into great detail with tips and techniques about improving your scores in any of the ASVAB areas , and even tell you which scores relate to which military jobs , so that you can concentrate on improving the test areas that are important to the military job you 're interested in.Included is a complete list of military enlisted jobs , and the ASVAB scores required to qualify for those jobs.Just like any book in the `` Dummies '' series , it 's written in a fun , humorous style that keeps your interest.I 'm taking the ASVAB test in two weeks , and I feel much more prepared .
 This book was wonderful . My son needed it to improve his ASVAB score and it worked really well for us . He did score higher , a lot higher than his orginal score and we were both please with the results . I would recommend this to anyone attempting to take the ASVAB . You will reap the benefits if you read and study the book .
 This helped me get my math skills up , it was the only thing I was slacking in on the ASVAB . I went from a 27 to a 49 . I highly recommend this if you need help on the math because it sure as hell helped me and I 'm sure if you put in at least 30 mins a night studying from this book , you will be able to get a good score on the ASVAB . Do n't try and memorize anything you see in the book unless it 's some sort of vocabulary because none of it was on the ASVAB , just review how you 'd solve a certain problem because they 're quite similar to the ones on the actual ASVAB .
 I studied my butt off with the help of this book . The practice tests in this book were actually harder than the real ASVAB ! That helped me be even more prepared . I only missed 5 questions on the ASVAB ! NO LIE ! Study this book for about 3 weeks and take it seriously . You will see your scores improve !!!
 It taught me new techniques and refreshed my memory on material i had forgotten about . Have not taken my test but will recommend this book
 Good for refreshing your mind if you have been out of schooling for a while . Good for learning stuff that one never paid much attention to , i.e auto shop , mechanical whereas one can get answers to problems re vehicles . Tests were very good but watch out , some are not correct as stated in other reviews .
 I am currently looking into a career in the military . An important part of that is the ASVAB as it determines what jobs you will qualify for in the military . I have a 4 year college degree but I found this book to be a very helpful study guide . Especially the math portion as I have not had to solve for x in 8 years ! This book was also helpful in brushing up on vocabulary words and science information . When the day came to take my ASVAB I scored a 95 on my AFQT and 131 with my combination line score . I greatly credit this book for my success on the test but like anything it is what you put into studying . I studied several hours a day for two to three weeks prior to my test . Good luck !
 Our youngest son took an initial ASVAB test to go into the Army . Since it had been 20 + years since I had taken the test , I figured the book could n't hurt . After going through the book , he raised his initial score by over 30 points . What many going into service do n't understand is that the higher the ASVAB Score , the more opportunities you get , the larger bonuses you can get , the better choices you can make for your own future . Made a believer out of me and would recommend this for anyone preparing to take the ASVAB to go into the military .
 I studied for the ASVAB for two week straight using the ASVAB for Dummies book . Since I was enlisting in the Air Force , and I wanted to get into RF Systems or Cyber Transport support , I needed a hella high score in science , math , and electronics . I read every section , but I focused on the math , science , and electronics sections . I felt that the practice tests were harder than the questions on the actual ASVAB at MEPS . This was cool , because I felt like I could answer most of the ASVAB questions okay . The ASVAB I took at MEPS was on a computer , so it was easier than doing the ASVAB on paper . Some of my friends did n't study for the ASVAB , so they were feeling kinda depressed after the test . After the ASVAB , I was exhausted , because it took me four hours . I received my score immediately after I completed the test . I got a 95 percentile out of 99 . I was hella happy !!! I immediately called my recruiter to tell him how I scored .
 This book is greatit covers everything three full length tests with answers and explains why thats the answer great its a big book great for studying right before explains all the branches jobs like the score you need on the asvab
 My son was very pleased with this book . It helped him pass his test . It was an easy read . Price was perfect ! thank you !
 in order for this book to work , you have to apply yourself . the book will not read itself and you have to make an effort . very helpful and thorough .
 The book is a great help in brushing up on subjects that you might be having parobloms . Useing this book I know I could get the score I need to be become a air force PJ -LRB- pararescue jumper -RRB- .
 This book was recommended by a marine recruiter and is a great guide for organizing content on the ASVAB sections .
 Glad I bought this book to study for the ASVAB . It 's very easy to understand and explains things well . Has many practice exams to test you .
 This book helped me achieve a 95E-95M-80G-80A . Electrical and Mechanical were part of my background so I can not attribute all knowledge gained to this book . I am now a 2W151 at Nellis AFB and am glad to be in the USAF
 I have not gotten through the book but so far so good . Its very informative . i cant complain about it .
 Helped me alot . I studied with this book and it helped me alot worth the tme , money and studies . Love it .
 LOVE THIS BOOK . Helped me refresh my memory with MATH . Enjoyed the practice test and helped me refresh the things I have forgotten .
 I ordered these book for my daughter to study before taking the ASVAB test , the books were in good condition
 items as described , very thick book , very helpful , love this book , great price , not too expensive , very light book easy to carry around
 We got this book for our grandson . He applied to join the navy , but was unable to pass the entrance test . So , we got him this book , as recommended by the recruiter . This is certainly a good tool to help him with the guidance needed to encourage him to pass the testing .
 THIS ALSO WAS BOUGHT FOR THE SAME GRANDSON AND HE JUST GOT IT WHEN I WENT TO SEE HIM A COUPLE WEEKS AGO & WAS VERY EXCITED TO GET STARTED READING IT . HE WANTED THIS ONE & ASVAB TO GIVE HIM HEADS UP ON THE MILITARY WAYS OF DOING & STUDY UP ON THE MILITARY & THE TESTING QUESTIONS .
 this book explains alot about th ASVAB that you must know and yet puts it in a great easy view to see this test , its great for the Averg Joe to use and will WILL help you to overcome your problems and make you join the Greatest Fighting force in the World The United States Military
 I bought this book for my son . It has been a wonderful help for him . In the back it tells you exactly what you need to score for the particular job that you want . It also breaks down different math problems and explains this step by step . This is a very valuable tool for those that will be taking the ASVAB .
 Great product , Do n't like that you have to be force to write something !! I said excellent that should be enough , got the book in a reasonable time
 Awesome aid in helping my son prepare for testing . Came in great shape and quickly . Amazon continues to impress me by tracking my purchases and outstanding customer service
 This book is absolutely great ! It has helped me learn great techniques on studying and made it easy to remember things . Great shipping as well !
 This book was easy to follow and contained valuable information to prepare for the ASVAB test . It was recommended by the airforce recruiter and well worth the price we paid for it .
 Great for brushing up on things you forget about !!! I love how it takes you step by step , for better retention !
 This was a great book that was real easy to read and to learn from , I did well when I took the ASVAB and I believe I would n't have done nearly as well without the aid of this book .
 This is one of the easiest to follow books on the ASVAB test for those who wish to enter the military .
 My 17 year old daughter is a 3.3 - 3.5 GPA student . She has always done well in the `` core '' areas -LRB- math , science , english -RRB- but had little to no experience with electronics , mechanical stuff , automotive , gears , tools , assembling objects and such.I ordered this book for her and had it sent to her -LRB- she lives with her mom in another state -RRB- to prepare for the ASVAB.She took the book seriously and studied it chapter by chapter - highlighting things she thought important and took the practice tests at the end of each section.She invested 30 days towards studying this book.She took the ASVAB as soon as she turned 17 and scored a 91 ! Her lowest subject score was an 87 . As a result she is qualified for ANY job the US Air Force has to offer.Her opportunities now with the USAF are endless.Buy the book . Give it your honest effort . It 's boring and tedious and generally sux but this is YOUR LIFE , your future . What you put into this book you will CERTAINLY get back out of it . ASVAB score 55 = cook -LRB- if you 're lucky -RRB- ASVAB score 75 = pretty good selection but not great . ASVAB score 85 + = Your Choice.Definately recommend .
 Got this for my kids to look through and prepare for their ASVAB . Checked this out for myself and found it easy to understand . If I would of had this back when I took the ASVAB I would have scored even better than my 82 . I would recommend this for any student looking towards a future in the Military .
 Thanks to ASVAB for Dummies I am now an offical member of the US Army . I could n't have passed the test without this book . I 've tried taking the test before but failed and this time I made it and got in !
 Teaches you really good and easy to understand and allows you to learn the asvab with no problem in order to pass with flying colors
 This book will help my granddaughter pass the exam for entering the navy . Anyone who wants to enter any branch of the service needs this book to study .
 Just what I wanted , Thank You !!! Great Service !!! Looking forward to start using this book to study for the Asvab , wish me luck !
 good study book that enables the recruit to enhance his asvab scores , recommend to everyone who is going to join the Armed Forces .
 Great study guide for what you 'll be tested on for the Army , Navy , Air Force , Marines , etc. . It makes it simple .
 Book was in good shape and was worth my money . shipped in a reasonable time too . would recommend to anyone
 This book is easy reading . My daughter used this to review for her ASVAB exams - and yes , she passed with flying colors . Hightly recommended .
 especially for someone whose English is not a first language , it 's not a cure for not having knowledge at any field but it definitely helps to score a few points up .
 I am a 22 year old soon to be college grad who was very rusty in math before taking her ASVAB and knew little of electronics . This book helped me to get a great score on my ASVAB -LRB- AFQT 99 , M 99 , A 99 , G 99 , E 94 -RRB- . Granted , I have always been exceptionally good at standardized testing , but there was so much I did n't know before taking this test that the book taught me . The Auto and Shop and Electronics sections were especially helpful . There were many similarly themed questions from the book questions on the ASVAB I took . Even the General Science section was helpful -LRB- there was a question about Titan , the moon of Jupiter , the answer to which I would have gotten wrong without the book -RRB- and I used to be a chemistry major!I read the entirety of the sections of the book the whole week before taking my test and took one of the practice tests , so it is ideal for cramming . I wish I had time to take all 3 tests . I feel like I would have done even better . Some of the other reviewers said these tests were online , but , honestly , I process information much more effectively on paper than on a computer screen , so I did n't mind dropping the $ 14 for peace of mind . Ironically , my ASVAB was computerized , but this book still made retaining the information I learned much easier . Ultimately , this book will help you out immensely if you work hard with it . Kudos to Rod Powers .
 I Love this book it describes things in such a simple and understanding way . It 's not boring either . I love how it describes everything ! Definitely a book to get to study for your ASVAB !
 studied the asvab few days before taking the test . this book helped me get an idea of the difficulty and what to expect in the test . the practice tests on this book is actually harder than the actual asvab , so it helped me to study harder versions . passed with a score of 94 .
 I bought this book for my boyfriend whos getting into the airforce . He found it very informational & detailed . It literally breaks down everything for you . He passed his practice test & is waiting to take the real test the book def helped
 Good test taking strategies . I was able to identify the areas I need to practice/focus more one . I took all the practice tests feel pretty confident taking the ASVAB . Good review over the areas of subject to study , however may need to do a little bit more research in some areas ie Science , Vocabulary .
 I bought this for my Grandson who wanted enlist in the Marines . After a few days with this book , he tested and was accepted . Now I 'm not sure I want him to go .
 I bought this for my son , & he has improved his score greatly . This book breaks down the test and has pretests .
 The Army Recruiter recommends this book for people getting ready to take the ASVAB test . It is easy to read and my son has been studying it without being told .
 My son took a year off after graduating high school . Even though math was never his strongest subject , he was really having problems passing the ASVAB . We tried many different study tactics but still no success . After failing the practice exam for the fourth time , , I decided to get this book for him . After studying this book , he went back and not only passed the practice exam with flying colors , he scored so high on the real ASVAB , he was able to choose the branch and job he wanted opposed to barely passing and having to take whatever they gave him . I know this book made all the difference in the world . Now I am the proud parent of a sailor . .
 I was pleasantly surprised because I had begun studying from the ARCO textbook , and I noticed that the explanations for arithmetic problems were not always the easiest to understand . Dummies gave me a thorough explanation for each problem , and its vocab section seemed to have more difficult words , which prompted me to study up on that section . Vocab was the least of my concerns until I saw the words in the practice exams in THIS book as opposed to the ARCO one , and luckily , I saw some of the same words on the actual ASVAB . I did n't study the other portions of the textbook , such as autoshop , and electrical , because my focus was the General Technical score , but as far as arithmetic and verbal , this was very helpful .
 This book was amazing i took ASVAB test about 3 weeks ago in chicago il . I was talked to by staff sgt riley . I took the test and scored a 70 he told me to get this book study it for a while , come back and retake the test . I did and now i got a 92 !! I was very excited ! This book is so useful and helpful i recommend it to any one trying to join the Air Force !!!
 my husband is studying for the asvab after a few years , and is finding this book really helpful on what to study . the preview tests are great mind joggers .
 I bought this book n a whim hoping it would raise my chance to pass the the ASVAB . I scored a 86 on my AFQT.This book tells you how the process works , what sections you need to study to get what jobs , also basic recruiting info for all of the branches.I highly recommend visiting the authors website -LSB- ... -RSB- for further information on anything military .
 its a very educational book.had all the information needed to pass the asvab and more.am still deciding whether to join the military and i know i 'll really use this when am ready.am glad i got it cos it was a good price
 This tale is sweet and heartwarming , but be forewarned that it is VERY short . I read it in only a couple minutes . It is bittersweet and touching , not a &#34; happy ending &#34; story , but worthwhile reading .
 Twain , Mrs. Clemens and John Brown were dear friends . Twain speaks of him constantly in his autobiography . I bought this story - it is much too brief to call it a book - on his recommendation . The story of Allie 's surgery is amazing . Her courage , as depicted , at undergoing such an ordeal is awe-inspiring . His description of the wild young men of his youth is generously and wisely written . The whole tale may take you only twenty minutes to read , but Allie and John Brown will make an impreession , for sure .
 Book delivered in high quality , received within a few days of placing the order . Excellent service .
 First , despite the strange title and the morose cover art , please buy this book . It has been a long time since I 've had so many strangers ask me what I was reading with such concern in their voices -- the last time was when I was reading How We Die . Perhaps the publishers should have considered some modifications when releasing the book in the US . This is a very good anthology of contemporary -LRB- early 20th century to the right-now present -RRB- poetry . I have been delighted to discover many poems that have struck me as memorable from poetry readings and programs such as Poetry Daily and The Writer 's Almanac under one cover . And I like the way the poems are grouped by theme , then paired by image within the thematic groups . This is sustained over 450-odd pages , which makes the book a very rich meal indeed . I 'm assuming , from the essay at the end `` The Sound of Poetry '' and the following Glossary of poetical terms , that this is intended to supplant some Norton Anthology like thing in the first year college curriculum . The glossary , incidentally , is fun to read as a sort of second essay , since it refers back to the contents of the book for its authority .
 Of course I 'm prejudiced toward this book , since it includes some of my favorite poems
 `` Staying Alive '' offers a wonderful anthology of moving poems that inspire . It is a perfect introduction for those not familiar with contemporary poetry , not willing to invest in dozens of author centered books to find some jewels , yet still wanting to hear fresh vibrancy in our language . Many of the poems are real beauties , and I think Neil Astley has done a wonderful job as editor . It is divided into thematic sections , and has breif commentaries on many of the poems , and a useful glossary as well . It may not be for poetry scholars , but it is not intended for them . It is intended for the common masses , and for us I have seen none its equal . It has shown me that there is much value in modern poetry , and it has given me already many inner smiles . It would make a perfect gift for the poetically inclined in your family - I know I will send one soon .
 I 'd consider myself a pretty avid poetry enthusiast
 These may not be the particular poems another anthology would include , because the aim of this book is not to be a Poetry 101 primer , but to collect the types of poems that punch you in the gut . Pick one at random and it will hit a nerve . One of the single best anthologies I have ever purchased , it 's a keeper .
 It 's a collection of poems . It 's a GREAT collection of poems . Probably one of the best . It can be likened to the Chicken Soup for the Soul series , but I think packs more punch . It touches every aspect of life and no one is exempt . A must read !
 So many anthologies seem to have something stilted , or overly academic , or author-centric about them . This one shares only a sense of urgency in its topics and the poems themselves . A gorgeous collection ; I 've loved what I 've read . The epigraph by Kafka is powerful and describes the book perfectly
 It truly hits right where you never wanted anything to hit . The poems make you think about exactly why you live and what makes you keep going . It does n't settle for anything less than making you really think deeply about yourself . I gave it five stars because this book is truly one that everyone should buy ... or at least read .
 I do n't usually like poems or anthologies however , Staying Alive was one of the best books I 've read . Whenever i 'm sad or desperate I read poems . When I was reading this book I would have some challenging times . When I have challenging times , I usually just stick my head in a book . This is one of the books I 'd just stick my head into . Staying alive shows the point of poetry . It 's an easy book to read for teens and up . Usually poem and anthology books are really hard to read and take a long time to read but it 's so good you just go through it so fast . I picked a 5/5 , it 's an amazing book for anyone who is not having the best time .
 I purchased this anthology a year ago for my own pleasure and read it cover-to-cover with much enjoyment . If you like contemporary poetry , this is the place to find one of the best assortments of chiefly American and British work . There are also some excellent translations of Pablo Neruda and contemporary European poets . The editor , Neil Astley , has organized the collection around themes . He 's found poems that speak to each other in interesting ways . For example , Louise Gluck 's `` Mirror Image '' is followed by Sylvia Plath 's `` Mirror . '' You will find yourself tuning into the conversation among the poems . I liked the book so much I 'm using it this fall in a course I 'm teaching .
 A dramatic new perspective on the global legacy of Communism.Authoritative text by a team of eminent international historians.Illustrated with 48 specially commissioned full-color maps and over 200 photographs.Includes eye-catching special features , such as eye-witness accounts , pen-portraits of the leading personalities and examples of art and literature .
 One of the great mysteries and oversights of history is why an adequate modern biography of John Keble remains unwritten . It seems a tragedy to me -LRB- since I studied Keble for 3 years for my Ph.D. in Religious Studies -RRB- that the best biography of Keble is still the first one , written in 1869 by J.T. Coleridge , 3 years after Keble 's death . The most recent biography of Keble is Georgina Battiscombe 's `` John Keble
 This book was given to me years ago when I was pondering a new direction . It was so helpful that a few years later I lent my copy to a friend who loved it so that she bought it for herself and her friends . This recent purchase was for another friend at a crossroads .
 I really enjoyed this book . The author was refreshingly frank and backed up her points with scripture . I would highly recommend this book .
 I found this book the day after I had a dream in which God put me in the waiting room after I complained about how hard my life was . When I picked the book up it opened to the chapter about the waiting room . There was my answer . This is a small , very insightful and helpful book that will help restore your faith in yourself and in a benevolent Universe . I recommend it to anyone who is stuck , afraid and confused . It wo n't solve your problems for you but will help you how to figure out how to solve them for yourself , with divine guidance . Soon after reading it , I was able to sell my house and move and turn my life around . I wrote to the author about my story and received a gracious reply .30 Days to Everyday Miracles
 Who has n't had to wait for something they wanted -- a house to sell , a better job , a spouse , a wayward child to return ? This book is one you wo n't want to put down because it is so on target for each of us . In her delightful writing style , Karon Goodman teaches the reader how to stop begging , pleading and demanding that God adjust life to her own timing , and learn to find purposes , direction , closeness to the Lord , and , yes , even enjoyment in the wait . I 'd highly recommend this book to anyone who 's ever felt like they 've been stuck in a ` waiting room . '
 If you have been on earth long enough , your patience has been or will eventually be tested . Not only tested one time , but numerous times . The waiting period from trial to trial at times seem unfair and unbearable . Karon Phillips Goodman shares some profound insights with those of us who have difficult `` waiting room '' moments.What do you do during the wait ? Do you pout , complain and throw yourself a pity party ? Maybe you try plan after plan only to see each one fail?Karon proposes the idea of waiting `` purposely '' . During our wait it is not God 's desire for us to suffer needlessly , but to draw closer to Him . Karon humoruously shares her personal experiences as she learns how to wait purposely . She lets the reader know it is not an easy task , but the benefits are enormous as we choose to let the Holy Spirit guide us to the next level of our Christian walk.This is a small book , but it 's packed with an abundance of wisdom ! Guaranteed to bring a smile to your face and give you a new outlook the next time your patience is put to the test . -- reviewed by Tyora Moody for Christian Bookshelf
 If you ever think that God is being quiet and not answering you in your distress , you need to read this book ! In it , you will find the answers that you are seeking . Karon Phillips Goodman has a unique way of touching your spirit and your heart in this book on getting through the waiting periods God brings into your life . You will be inspired , encouraged and most of all , at peace ...
 This book is a terrific read ! I picked it up and had difficulty putting it down . Karon Goodman is right on with her sense of humor and advice on how to spend your time while in God 's `` waiting room '' . Patience is not a strong point for me and I 'll be darned if Goodman did n't describe me to a `` T '' while speaking of herself ! Definitely a must read for those Thomas ' out there !!
 I ran across this book at an airport and could not put it down during the flight . I felt that God was talking to me personally through Karon and helping me navigate my life 's issues . Written in an easy style , almost with a recipe-book format to handle the toughest parts of your life with God 's help ... this book is a must-have for those who are going through troubling times in their lives and are questioning their spiritual relationship with God . I highly recommend the book for anyone looking to not only ease their problems but also looking to build a deeper relationship with God .
 I bought this book at an airport and put it down while vacationing in NYC one weekend . Upon returning home , I picked it up again & ca n't put it down . I 've since broken out the highlighter & I find myself going back to those pages when I need to . Not only does this book minister to the impatient person , it ministers to the one who is going through a divorce , as with my case . God 's timing is not always our own . This book helped me understand that God never leaves us in any circumstance . He 's there the whole time , waiting on us to trust in Him . I 've drawn closer to the Lord with the help of this book . Karon Phillips Goodman 's writing is funny and understandable .
 I THINK THIS IS THE BEST BOOK , I STARTED READING AND KNEW THEY WROTE IT FOR ME . HAS HELPED ME SO MUCH . IT IS FUNNY , BUT TELLS YOU WHAT YOU NEED TO DO . IT IS A GREAT BOOK .
 I 've been reading a little of this book each day all summer , then praying and enjoying the day through the view I got from my morning reading . It has really helped me get closer to God . It has helped me get to know who I am better and how to serve God better . It is an amazing book ! I love the concept of `` purposeful waiting ! '' Who wants to sit around doing nothing !!! It helped me realized what a GIFT my wait time for people is and how I can put it to use . Wow !
 Someone gave me this book in 2003 and it was n't until my recent lay-off that I decided to read it . Wow , it 's comforting to know that if you are a believer in Christ you 'll know that your not alone when trials are near . This book is about someone having conversation with the Lord and learning to be patient but working purposefully while waiting for answers . I 'm now using this book at our small bible study . We are enjoying it and most of all learning to wait on the Lord .
 I ca n't express the gratitude I feel toward Karon , for expressing exactly how I 've felt about going through `` the wait '' for so long . She hits the nail on the head with every single paragraph of this book . How does she do that ? I found myself wanting to read it over and over , and truly contemplating the questions at the end of each chapter . Amazingly , the same answers kept coming up for me , so I truly got clear on what I had to do . Thank you , Karon , and thank you Lord for using her to help me ! A MUST HAVE !!!
 Why this book has never been re-printed , I 'll never know.Lovett has written a flawless tale of adventure soaked in mystery , but without resorting to the magic and wizardy that normally leaves a person unable to identify with the characters.The story is about a young boy named Trad , his -LRB- evil -RRB- taskmaster of a guardian , and the burning desire to find out where he truly belongs . It begins when he finds an old , wounded soldier while out one afternoon . Badly injured and without memory , Trad joins him in a quest to find out who they both really are . Who the soldier turns out to be and how , ultimately , he is connected to Trad makes for a story that is both deep and original , avoiding all of the jaded plots of its genre.A very serious story for the age group it deals with , it proves that a good childrens book can hold its own without having to be sophpomoric . Mature themes -LRB- duty , honor , friendship -RRB- are presented in a digestable format that give the book far more meaning and substance than its candy-coated counterparts.If you have a maturing child at home , or are a child at heart , pick the book up . While difficult to find , if you can get a copy for under $ 20 , its well worth the money .
 As usual , before a trip to other country , I searched for a book that would give me a feel for the cities I visit , rather than a tour guide . This book excelled in this task and made my visit to Rome even fuller and more enjoyable . If you are looking for a book about Rome , its people , their habbits and a little glimpse into their rich history , this book is a rare find . The pace is calm , the subjects are simple , but the experience is great .
 This is old-school journalism at its best . Hofmann takes the year as it comes , and , journal style , writes a few sketches every month . Having lived in Rome for thirty years , he knows a lot about it , and he draws on his wealth of information , memory , impressions , and connections to give vivid pictures of the holidays that roll around or reflections prompted by chance events . His range is delightful -- from the pope to Vespa-riding robbers , from diplomats to gypsies , from horse shows to opera , from the mafia to the gattare -LSB- stray cat feeders -RSB- . If he needs statistics , he knows how to get them and unobtrusively adds them . He is not coy about using addresses , so I read with a map . I knew little about Rome when I began this book , but by the end I felt I knew where things were , what the flavor of the city is . It 's not a travel guide , it 's deep background for a visit .
 Paul Hofmann writes about his hometown the way any native would , with equal parts admiration and frustration . Sure , he describes the great trattorie , touches on the sordid histories of Rome 's luxury hotels , and is continually mesmerized by the city 's ancient ruins . But , anecdotes about such topics as the irregularity of the postman 's visits , motorino pollution , municipal strikes , and lousy restaurant service , make the book come alive . Thank god this is n't another tired , old , tourist piece about how great it is to live abroad -LRB- `` A Year in Provence , '' anyone ? -RRB- Hofmann 's grouping of chapters by month is also innovative and helpful to travelers who want to know what goes on in the city the REST of the year . The book tends to be a bit dull in some places , owing probably to the fact that Hofmann wrote this book in his 70s or 80s . He knows little about hip , modern Rome . Nevertheless , his `` diary '' makes for a good read and a good history lesson .
 The word `` journal '' is part of this book 's title , and it does n't pretend to be anything else . After all , Paul Hoffman is a journalist . I 've had the great good fortune to visit the Eternal City a few times , and reading Seasons is like taking another stroll along back streets and famous venues . It brought back happy memories and also reminders that Rome is a huge , noisy metropolis that is difficult to traverse . Hoffman also highlights that fact that Rome is populated by , well , Romans , as well as millions of other Italians , and conveys a sense of what it is like to live an ordinary life in an extraordinary place . The city described by this author is modern and genuine , and Hoffman 's essays are devoid of the self-congratulatory tone of many other travel writers . This book is real .
 I have to start by saying that I can not possibly give an impartial review of this book.Having loved Debbie Reynolds ever since seeing her on the big screen in `` Singin ' In the Rain ; '' obsessively following her like papparazzi ; and finally meeting her in person and having her sign my hard copy of this book ... well what can I say ?? I LOVE HER!But , back to the book.It 's an honest portrayal of her life from her viewpoint . That says a lot , since her viewpoint was from the inside of the last great Hollywood Studio . It 's also a testament to how far women have come in the US . If Debbie Reynolds had been born in 1970 , she 'd never have trusted those men who stole her money and forced her into bankruptcy . Then again , the suffering made her strong self.I wish she would write a sequel .
 Anyone who wants to know a little bit more about Beatrix Potter , the person , will be pleased with this book . Through real-life annecdotes John Heelis conveys what should be obvious but is n't - Beatrix Potter was not a perfect human being , she had tiny flaws just like the rest of us . Sometimes she got cranky , occasionally she was absent-minded with her head in the clouds but mostly she was wonderful - although quite strong willed and opinionated.Those who are fascinated by Beatrix Potter will find the little book a great addition to their library . However , be forewarned - those who are buying this book for a voyeristic look into the intimate details of Beatrix Potter 's married life will be sorely disappointed . This very private woman 's private life remains private .
 This is more a Heelis family history than a bio of Beatrix Potter . There are occasional mentions of Ms. Potter -LRB- or as she preferred to be called , Mrs. Heelis -RRB- but it does give you a relative 's view of the well-known author . I enjoy family histories so I found it to be an interesting little book but if you 're looking for a straight biography this may disappoint .
 If you are looking for a devotional to help you along your Christian walk this is a good one . Barbie shares scripture and relevant teaching that has had an impact on her life and now through reading this book has impacted my life also .
 Nikolai Gogol had an extraordinarily important influence on Russian literature . A contemporary and friend of Pushkin , he left his mark in several areas , as playwright , novelist and short-story writer . Every Russian writer to come after him acknowledges and reveres Gogol , from Dostoevsky to Bulgakov and on . This collection is a great introduction to Gogol . All of his most famous stories are included . `` Diary of a Madman '' shows us the disintegrating psyche of a minor civil servant during the era of the repressive rule of Nicholas I. Gogol had problems with Nicholas ' censors -LRB- who were as vigilant as Stalin 's -RRB- and he did n't exactly ingratiate himself with this depiction of bureaucratic malaise . The second short-story in the volume , `` The Nose , '' again pokes fun at officialdom , but also takes us on a proto-magical-realism ride through mid-eighteenth century St. Petersburg -LRB- As an aside , you can currently take St. Petersburg tours of Gogol 's fictional landscape , just as you can Dostoevsky 's , -LSB- and Bulgakov 's Moscow -RSB- -RRB- . The third entry in the collection , `` The Overcoat , '' deals again with an inconsequential bureaucrat -LRB- guess what Gogol 's background was ? -RRB- , whose entire existence is wrapped around a new overcoat . Suffice it to say that the story does not end happily for poor Akaky Akakievich . This is in some ways Gogol 's signature piece . The story basically involves us in a humorous , at times capricious narrative , but the humor is infused with a great deal of pathos , to the point where we can almost call these tragicomedies.The longest story in the collection , `` How Ivan Ivanovich quarreled with Ivan Nikiforovich , '' is a case-in-point . On the surface , it is a humorous account of two provincial boobs engaged in protracted enmity as a result of an inconsequential incident . However , at heart , Gogol is saying a great deal about Russian society , and the human condition , at the same time , and the picture is neither pretty nor funny . This is his most successful short story in many respects , imbued with wisdom and local color . Gogol is the most human and humane of Russian authors , but that does not mean that he is anywhere near the greatest , as a result . It would be left to the giants , Tolstoy and Dostoevsky , to truly establish Russia as a birthplace of great writers . But it is to this warmth of spirit that the Russian people and its literati have responded to so fervently for so many years . Gogol , of course , is well represented as a novelist for Dead Souls -LRB- or Chichikov 's Journeys -RRB- . He also attempted a Russian epic -LRB- Taras Bulba -RRB- . For most modern readers , however , the stories are the most accessible and the most universally revered as regards his literary output . Give this volume a chance , and if you like the stories , turn your attention to Dead Souls , which is indeed worth reading .
 I only became familiar with Gogol through references in the work of Philip Roth . After all , great writers should give their due to their predecessors . Five of Gogol 's most celebrated short stories are included in this collection . While I can only classify myself as a fan of three of these stories , this collection is still worth purchasing . `` The Diary of a Madman '' harkens Kafka-esque images of man versus isolation and the bureaucracy in the story of one man 's sometimes humorous spiral into madness . Scorned in love and work , the main character retreats into an alternate reality . `` The Nose '' , the story of a runaway body part , possesses elements of Kafka 's `` Metamorphisis '' . A fiction that borders on absurdity can still be frightening . It brings to mind that the superficial image one presents in society is too important . `` The Overcoat '' , having themes of superficiality and prized possessions , is a peculiar tale . Taunted by his co-workers for the condition of his overcoat , the main character makes many sacrifices to replace his coat . To a point , the new overcoat becomes more of an obsession than it should.While `` The Carriage '' and `` Taras Bulba '' are also included in the set , I do not believe they carry the same feeling as the other stories . To a degree , `` Taras Bubla '' almost seemed out of place in the set . The collection of short stories is enjoyable and highly recommended to lovers of literature . It brings the thought to mind of what other works of literature were hidden from American eyes by communism .
 The short stories in this collection were very like those of Kafka , with the disorienting magical realism and the undercurrent of despair , although Gogol is the more blackly humourous of the two writers . Andrew MacAndrew 's translation is a bit peculiar , however ; for the Diary of a Madman , he mysteriously altered the structure of the vignettes -LRB- there is one less section than in other versions -RRB- and removed the name of the narrator . There are also a few irregularities in his version of The Nose . Work by other translators may be more reliable .
 This compilation of stories is an absolutely phenomenal introduction to Gogol and his writing . He is often presented as the Russian Mark Twain and with his dry humor and commentary on , mostly , Petersburg lifestyle , the analogy is not far off . Many other Russian writers took inspiration from Gogol and his wildly interesting stories and he is still influencing writers and readers to this day . `` The Diary of a Madman '' is the first story that we are presented that watches the gradual disintegration of a man 's mind , swallowed by the obsession with station , rank , custom , and other rudimentary desires in life that are hollow and vacant . `` The Nose '' is next and offers a hilarious reprieve from the slightly dark ending to the first story . The story follows a man who wakes up one day without his nose as it seems to have wanted to simply take a vacation and gallivant across the city . Cyclical in nature , the story concludes redundantly -LRB- very much like Twain -RRB- and focuses on the obsession that the man has with his face and his station that his face provides . Literally , his main hangup is that he ca n't flirt ! Following the theme of obsession is `` The Overcoat '' where a simple-minded worker goes to great lengths to obtain a new coat.Gogol takes a step away from the short story to the novella in Taras Bulba which is more of an epic than a lighthearted story about a hero and his sons . It gives the reader a sense that Gogol did n't just stick with the short story genre and explored many realms of literature -LRB- he was also a playwright and a teacher -RRB- . A simply great introductory collection that will undoubtedly open the doors for many readers of Russian literature .
 I translated the title story and two others in this collection for my students because none of the existing translations did Gogol justice -- they ignored his sound play and sometimes simply altered or even eliminated things that did n't make sense . Gogol 's stories are weird and hilarious -- I tried to preserve the elements of language that make them brilliant .
 i last read this play back in 1970 after seeing an amazing performance of it by english actor - peter prouse back in south africa . his depiction of the character was without comparison , as i have yet to witness an actor achieve what he did on stage - where many of the dinner guests pushed their food away from them and fled the scene ; so powerful was his performance . i have always wanted to produce and act in my own interpretation of this work and may well do so now that i 've finally found the book - again on amazon.com
 I have read 3 translations of this story and I like them all for different reasons . The story is very readable and has interesting interpretations on several levels . All the friends I recommended the story to loved it .
 i must confess that I have always been more than a little disturbed by the cover of this book . The stories featured in this book by Gogol deal with the desperate lives of the St Petersburg bureaucrats , Gogol was one and these are his people ! The best story is `` The Diary of a Madman '' and this deals with the adventures of one of these low grade civil servants who finds his plans and dreams continually frustrated . As a way out he gradually becomes convinced that he is destined for `` bigger and better things '' -LRB- I will not reveal more here , but will leave this to those who will discover just what this is by reading the story -RRB- . In his delusion , Gogol uses the technique of dislocation to describe the further adventures of his hapless hero and rarely is it used with greater comic effect . Tolstoy was a master of this literary device , particularly when he wanted to satirize something of which he disapproved , but Gogol perfected it . If one wants to see the beginnings of a rich tradition of humor in Russian literature , one can not do any better than this book . I still dislike the cover and believe that the editors of Penguin may be turning away more business than they generate by the rather off-putting artwork .
 If you are looking for a book with a twist and humor this is the one . I have read it many times and it still is fun and new each time ... MUST HAVE BOOK !
 In my last review I said this book makes for edgy , fascinating reading ! It is hard to put this book down ! I also read this book as a senior in high school , between ages 17 and 18 years of age !
 This book was a great , quick read . Highly recommended if you are a fan of classic literature and / or short stories .
 Gogol has the uncanny ability to write deep , beautiful and simultaneously hilarious stories . `` Diary of a Madman and Other Stories '' is a great example of Gogol 's style of writing to anyone interested in a premier in Gogol 's literary style.Caution
 The only time I 've ever laughed so much when reading a book was when reading WAITING FOR GODOT . Gogol is absolutely brilliant . So brilliant , in fact , that I finished this book in one sitting - only taking breaks to answer the unrelenting telephone -LRB- apparently I 'd forgotten that I have an answering machine to take messages when I 'm busy reading a masterpiece ! -RRB- . I often found myself laughing aloud when reading these stories and the only fault I found was that the book is simply too short . It absolutely must be 500 pages so that I can spend several more hours reading and laughing . 5 STARS .
 This collection of short stories is a work of art . Each story is a masterpiece and this is one of wery few books I can read again and again and again . Occsasionally I pick it up and open it at random and start to read , and every time I laugh so hard it hurts ... well maybe not quite so hard every time but almost always . These stories are a delightful read , the most famous being `` The Overcoat '' , whose protagonist reminds me of Woody Allen . The best story is `` The Nose '' in which we meet a miserable barber who one day discovers a human nose in his breakfast ! We also meet the owner of the nose who wakes up one morning to find it missing.Another good story is the title story which is the diary of a low-life pencil sharpener who falls in love with his boss 's daughter . As we read on he starts to halucinate and the diary includes ever more bizarre entries and dates : `` No date . The day did n't have one . I walked incognito down Nevsky Avenue . His Imperial Majesty drove past . Every single person doffed his hat , and I followed suit . However , I did n't let out that I was the King of Spain . I considered it improper to reveal my true identity right there in the middle of the crowd , because , according to etiquette , I ought first to be presented at court . `` I am sure that I am missing something wery important because I concentrate mostly on the humorous side of Gogol , but I have to admit , few writers have made smile for many days after reading them .
 Gogol is out of this world . . Every story in this collection defies description . The phrase ` could n't put it down ' gets thrown around alot , but my reading of this honestly interrupted a major school project that i put off for a while . The Overcoat is my one of my favorite stories ever , and everything else was first rate . If you have a half an hour to kill , pick up this book , please .
 Gogol 's stories are a delight . I read this book on the train on the way to and from work , and I often laughed out loud , much to the chagrin of my fellow passengers , who must have thought I was crazy . No one laughs on the train . `` The Nose '' is my favorite story in the collection . It 's absurd and silly . Especially when the nose masquerades as a prominent government official , riding about town in a carriage and dressed in a cape . Incidentally , the nose has very good manners.My copy of this book also contained the story `` Taras Bulbas , '' which is n't funny at all , but rather a romantic epic of Cossacks in the 14th century somewhat similar to Tolstoy 's Cossack stories . Gogol 's description of the time and place is fantastic awash in detail as it is . Description of battle is hair-raising and exciting . But Gogol romanticizes freely , and wants us to believe that these brutal , violent men embody the Russian Soul . -LRB- Note the capitalization . -RRB- Whatever . That , combined with a liberal dash of anti-Semitism , laces the work with enough flaw to consider this a 2nd-rate Gogol story.It 's a great book and a quick read . One of the better books I have read lately .
 I actually read another collection of Gogol stories but I have read `` Diary of a Madman '' , `` The Nose '' , and `` The Overcoat '' . The book is worth buying for Diary of a Madman or the Nose alone . These are both great stories that really show the uniqueness and talent of Gogol which seems even more amazing when thinking he was writing in the 19th Century . The Overcoat is a good story but the other two are classics and unbelieveable works of fantasy and social commentary that still seems relevant today .
 A strange story of a mans internal dialogue and his day job , with the infatuation of a lovely women and talking dogs . This book translated by MacAndrew includes other stories beyond ` Diary of a Madman . ' I confess here I only bought the book for this story and that is all I read , based on Nabakov 's reference . The writing by Golgol interesting , yet confusing at times and most certainly ; odd , as the story is . Quite mundane in the beginning , while the finale is quite a shocker . A worthwhile read , but nothing to hop off your seat over .
 For all of us who have grown up in small towns , we know that the closed door policy of the old time citizens is the way that ` deals are made . ' For newcomer , Nelson Palmer , a man in search of his family history , he learned the hard way that the ` only way is the right way ' on how to restore pride and inspiration to a town . Reading Jack Polidoro 's new novel , `` Return To Raby '' will captivate you and have you reading page after page until the very last word . It is a story that could and probably did happen someplace along the way in many New England villages . Having loved Jack 's two previous works , Rapid Descent
 Having grown up in small town New England , I really enjoyed Return to Raby . The experiences of Nelson Palmer as he returns to investigate his small town roots and finds himself on the outside of the established village bureacracy accurately depicts the situation in many small New England towns as `` Out-of-Staters '' move into town and begin to outnumber the entrenched natives.As Palmer begins to delve more deeply into the history of the town , he makes several discoveries which change his life and the life of the town . With his opposition to the town fathers , other residents gain the confidence to state their opposition as well . As a mysterious benefactor begins to effect change in the community , the townspeople begin to accept and expect change in attitudes.As the story builds to its conclusion , more information is unearthed about the true beginnings of the town.I would recommend this novel to anyone looking to curl up by the fire with a good book . Additionally , because of the part that genealogical research plays in the story line , genealogists will enjoy this story of the ways in which documented history may play in shaping present-day decision making .
 If you have ever lived in a small rural town you will certainly be able to relate to and appreciate Jack Polidoro 's latest novel , RETURN TO RABY . If you have not had this living experience , Polidoro 's novel will enlighten you as to just what you have been missing ! Polidoro 's novel is based on the reality of a small New Hampshire town that comes alive page after page and truly shows how rural life can be . Having lived in a `` Raby `` like town myself , I could relate to the story first hand . I passed the book on to friends who have never been out of the city and the book was equally enjoyable to them ! This story will make you laugh and bring tears to your eyes . You will be left will a warm feeling and a positive outlook on life . This is truly a wonderful story !
 This book is great in what it advertises
 I HAVE USED PROBABLY 30 DIFFERENT FRESHMEN COMP . CLASSES AND DEVELOPMENTAL WRITING . UNTIL I DISCOVERED THIS BOOK ABOUT 2 YEARS AGO , MY CLASSES ARE MUCH MORE LIVELY , AND QUIET STUDENTS SYDDENLY SPEAK OUT ABOUT SECTIONS OF THE TEXT THAT THEY DO N'T AGREE WITH.GREAT DIVERSE SECTIONS TO COVER IN CLASSROOM TALKS.IF INTERESTED , I CAN SEND COLLEGE ENGLISH TEACHERS MY COURSE SYLLABI USING `` SHORT TAKES . ''
 Our family used to have this book about 50 years ago . Somehow it got lost in some moves . I was very happy to see that you had it . It was in good condition and was sent to us quickly . Thank you .
 In the fall I will begin my first semester as a medical school student . I find the prospect of gross anatomy terrifying , and this book did an excellent job of lessening my anxiety towards the course and towards the ordeal that is medical school itself .
 As a premedical student , I thoroughly enjoyed this piece of work ... It examines the physical and emotional aspects of a first year med student quite well . A must-read for anyone contemplating a career in medicine .
 The author provides the reader with an opportunity to experience something unique and different -- human dissection.For those involved in medical education , the dissectioin experience is portrayed in a sensitive , insightful and accurate manner . The author 's essays and illustrations of the dissections by Versalius provides a sensory of history and meaning that any health propfessions student about to take gross anatomy would find fscinating . This book is must reading for any first year medical student and should be on anyone 's list who is concerned with the education of health professionals .
 First Cut provides an insider 's view of what really happens in the `` twilight zone '' of the anatomy lab . Carter has followed a group of medical students through their initial fears , failures , and eventual triumphs as they learn to cope with the human aspects of cutting up cadavers . As they do so , they gain a quiet respect and admiration for the people that , through their deaths , have given the ultimate gift of learning . This book should be required reading for all in the medical profession !
 I read this book on a Saturday . Straight through . It was that interesting . You might find yourself slowly turning pages , afraid to see what is around the corner , like trying to time when to cover your eyes in the scary movies of your youth . You might find yourself studying the exquisitely detailed engravings from the 1400 's . You might find yourself learning new words and new insights into words you already knew . You might look at yourself and others differently after reading this book . You will definitely learn something , but everyone will learn something different . One thing is certain , you will not be bored . Be prepared for a single sitting siege and choose your snack foods carefully -- spaghetti , pudding , and the like are ill-advised . After reading this book , you 'll probably start exercising again anyway . You 'll have to read it to find out why .
 The author , not having followed his youthful dream of going to medical school , and now a professor of Comparative Literature and Humanities at Eckerd College in St. Petersburg , Florida , attends as an observer an anatomy class and its dissection lab at Emory University in Atlanta . The book , illustrated by reproductions of woodcuts from Andreas Vesalius ' De humani corporis fabrica of 1543 , follows first year med-students ' literally-hands-on introduction to human anatomy . The students are not portrayed with any psychological detail ; they are only lightly sketched , little more than names at the dissection tables . The focus is on the cut and opened and dismembered body , not on those who study it . In a sense , the book reports the author 's vicarious experience , by observing the students and the cadavers throughout the progression of their dissection , of being a med-student himself . This , of course , is the intrigue of the book
 necessary read for PT school ... gives good `` intro '' to what to delve into during lab sessions . Also , recommend reading `` rotten '' along with this book
 I bought this book before attending graduate school for Physical Therapy , where we have cadaveric dissection . I found this book to be a great tool to prepare myself for what it might be like in the anatomy lab . I really recommend it for anyone preparing for this wonderful learning experience .
 I have nearly the same opinion about this book as you Mr. Palomera . I also think that although it 's almost 400 pages , you can find -LRB- maybe -RRB- more infos on sites like ticalc . But these sites are really huges and it 's not surprising that it bigger than this book . The book is smart and it gives you a lot of -LRB- very -RRB- usefull informations plus about the functions of the TI calculators . I recommend it .
 The feminists are not going to like this book , but Dr. Robinson 's arguments and evidence are beyond reproach .
 Marie Robinson wrote this book for all women to understand their own motives and actions in the marrage relationship . Many women are unhappy in their marrages without understanding their own motivation in making themselves unhappy . The book is written in chapters , each addressing the source of their disklikes , resentments , and dissatisfaction . The book also recommends ways for the women to help themselves realize that they can correct the problems with the result of being content in their relationship.The book is excellent for men who are married , especially when the can not understand why their wife is not content with some aspect of the marrage . By thir understanding they can help the wife adjust her thinking by recognizing the , sometimes imaginary problems thus increasing their own happyness.Unfortunately , some women will not read the book when it is recommended , especially by the spouse , and like my own case , wind-up divorced with great financial to the spouses and children .
 There are two or three different collections of Hokusai 's works in print this Fall -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , and of them this is the best . The others are good , solid selections of his material , but this combines an encyclopedic sweep of nearly all of his available prints -LRB- including ones rarely seen , such as his erotic prints -RRB- with a superb color printing . I 'd recommend this above all of the others , if you 're looking for a complete catalog of his works .
 Looking at this collection really shows the diversity in Hokusai 's long career . In one of the essays , the writter comments that Hokusai changes his style so much that his work looks like the work of a different artist . The breath of this volume helps the viewer see how creative and inventive this master is . What I like about Hokusai is that his personal life is just as interesting as his work . The essays included do a good job placing the differnent periods in context with the times and Hokusai 's own massive body of work .
 A well presented and thorough overview of Hokusai 's work . Informative text and good reproductions of many of his works - as someone who has some surveys of Japanese prints this book brings a level of detail and perspective thatis hard to find . A very big book with an interesting section that links to european works influenced by Hokusai in the 19th century .
 This is a particularly good publication on Hokusai 's work , and has alot of scholarly info included along with very decent repros of his work.I love the size of the volume , it 's a weighty book , perfect for relaxing with a cup of coffee by a window in a january snowstorm ... Frankly , I would never have suspected snow falls in Japan if it was n't for Hokusai ...
 I really enjoy this book ! I love the Japanese art work in it . It 's one of my favorite coffee table books .
 It 's a good book for a begginer , there are a few samples from each of all Hokusai 's periods .
 Excellent printing and selection , a great book for art reference or read .
 What an unusual book dedicated to those free-spirited plants that ramble , scramble , and twine across our gardens . Very well done with a good balance of information and illustration - a book I pull off the shelf regularly .
 What an unusual book dedicated to those free-spirited plants that ramble , scramble , and twine across our gardens . Very well done with a good balance of information and illustration - a book I pull off the shelf regularly .
 I have not really read the famous books by Steven Kay or other popular books in this topic . So I do not claim to be the authority to compare this book with other ones.But i felt this book has fantastic explanation on the topic it claims to cover -LRB- Detection and Estimation theory - D&E ; -RRB- . Detection theory starts only in the fifth chapter and the first four chapters clearly build the fundamentals in probability and linear algebra among others that are relevant for D&E. ; As the author introduces you the necessary concepts , he clearly tells you in what context those will be used in the topics that follow later . In my opinion the motivation to introduce a concept is very essential.D & E ; concepts are explained very well too and has quite a lot of examples that explained well and they feature at the right time and right place
 This book is amazing , it goes from explaining the very basic concepts for probability and signal detection to the very deep details . The examples and the problems are excellent as well
 `` Marx 's Concept of Man '' is essentially a pamphlet establishing the humanist , philosophical side of Marx as against the orthodox , Soviet view of Marx as tyrannical and economistic , and against the degree to which this view has seeped into academic literature in the West also . Famous Freudian Marxist Erich Fromm uses the `` Economic and Philosophical Manuscripts '' as well as `` The German Ideology '' to stress the importance of humanist concepts such as alienation , freedom , and creativity for Marx , and in so doing explains what these and similar terms mean in Marx ' work . Fromm has clearly paid careful attention to Marx ' philosophy , and this part of the book is quite good as a simple overview.The second half of the book covers the English translation of the aforementioned `` Economic and Philosophical Manuscripts '' by Tom Bottomore , as well as excerpts from various other works by and about Marx meaning to show his humanism , his good nature , and his sensitivity to culture . Of special interest are the excerpts from the memoirs of those who knew Marx , like his daughter Eleanor as well as Paul Lafargue . These works are often quoted , but rarely does one find a larger part in English , not even in McLellan 's biography.Fromm goes a bit overboard here and there in stressing Marx ' ` spiritual ' nature . Although nothing Fromm writes is of itself incorrect , it may unwittingly reinforce the old canard of Marxism ` really ' being a religion , and Marx a millennarian prophet , and so on . Fromm obviously rejects this old refrain , but should have made that clearer . In other aspects this collection is an interesting primer on Marx as thinker on human action and human nature , and sheds good light on this side of Marxist thought for those not familiar with it .
 Marx ? Communism ? Please!That 's the gut reaction of most of us . Why is this ? Why is the man who 's ideas stimulated nearly half the world to revolution automatically rejected without even being seriously looked at by most of us the U.S. today ? What 's that you say ? `` History shows us that communism is an impossible system that leads to the greatest tyranny . `` The fact is Marx is much more than communism . His most famous work is not called Communism but Capital . -LRB- The manifesto was a small pamphlet next to the thousands of pages of the planned four volumes of Capital -RRB- . He is strongest in his analysis of the very history and machinery of this economic system . In fact , it is in his critique of capitalism -LRB- not his proposition of communism -RRB- that he is most original.Today , we see yet another crisis in global capitalism . Almost all of us who seek understanding of this crisis do so using the very same conceptual tools of the capitalist doctrine itself . But what if there are incorrect assumptions that the governments , universities and media networks of the world continuously overlook?Marx 's Concept of Man serves as an introduction to such an analysis . It is a compilation of various manuscripts of the early Marx and is quite digestible -- especially after Fromm 's preface . Erich Fromm -- a significant 20th century philosopher in his own right -- introduces us to some of the most timeless aspects of Marx 's concept of man in a way that makes his thought significant to this day .
 This book is an excellent book for anyone wishing to gain a readable understanding of Marxist thought . The first 92 pages are especially insightful . A must buy for anyone interested in Marxism .
 Erich Fromm , displays a different profile of Karl Marx . According to Fromm , Marx is very different than the one told by the Russian Communists . Fromm tries to show the humanist ideas of Marx and he describes Marx 's philosophy as a synthesis of humanism and naturalism . There are also good descriptions of what socialism means
 Fromm 's analysis of Marx is incredible , finally someone truly understands Marx 's writing . This is an excellent edition for someone looking for a side of Marx not often discussed .
 This is a book that should , but given the existing political culture , wo n't be made required reading in schools and universities.Eric Fromm was a humanist writer who lived from 1900 to 1980 , and exerted a strong influence on Baby Boomers with his popular books . This book about Humanistic Marxism shook the intellectual world when it was first published in 1961 . It rattled the conventional wisdom at the time it was first published . The West had , as Fromm readily admits , a glaring misconception of what Marxism meant . They could hardly be blamed for this misunderstanding . The only example the West had to look towards to see Marxism in action was to observe the Soviet Union . The Eastern Block shares responsibility in misconstruing the meaning of Marx . Its monumental government apparatuses , unwieldy bureaucracies , its virulent oppression of human rights , all these characteristics were definitely NOT how Marx envisioned a communistic society.Fromm goes into great detail on the humanistic philosophy of Marxism . If Hobbes ' Leviathan emerged to protect man from a state of nature , the true goal of society according to Marx is to provide the conditions by which man may reestablish his relationship with nature , with others , with society at large , and with himself . The impediment to this reestablishment is alienation , a common concept of Marx , which drives a wedge between man and the other elements to his life and to himself . As Fromm repeatedly reminds the reader , alienation does not simply exist in Western societies ; it is equally prevalent in those countries under a so-called `` Communist '' form of government . Fromm states that the governments of Lenin , Stalin and Khrushchev were simple totalitarian states.There is a decided spiritual aspect to Marx , in that the goal of a person 's life is self-realization . This self-realization , however , is one which allows a person to achieve their own personal goals , based on that person 's abilities , talents and labor.Fromm was addressing a world in the middle of the Cold War , and published in an America just emerging from the crushing conformity of the 1950 's . It has continued relevance today , where the societal pressures are hidden and the urge to conform reemerging.This is a short book and can be read in two or three sittings . It is a well worth read .
 ... someone dusted off Marx and took a good psychological look at the wealth in his writings ! One need n't be a Marxist -LRB- I am not -RRB- to appreciate this fine book . My one concern is that Fromm is to Marx as Kaufmann is to Nietzsche
 This book is one of the funniest ever ! Years ago , when I drove my latency-aged children across country , we had the book in the car , and to avoid sibling conflict on the long road trip , I had my daughter read it aloud . It 's one of my most treasured memories . It has everything
 Arizona Slim tells the story as if he 's chatting to you , and the misspellings help a lot . While reading you feel like you 're in the book , with him . All the characters make you seem very close to them , and they are hilarios in their ways , language and actions . Their names are enough ! For people who dont like long , slow moving book this is the one . Fast moving , interesting , original and above all funny . The book has a quality that you ca n't describe , it 's so good . Really , whoever you are , you MUST read it .
 I read this book as a child , and recently succeeded in finding it again -LRB- having forgotten the title . -RRB- Good Luck Arizona Man is the story of a white boy raised by Apaches , trying to discover the secrets of his own past and heritage while keeping his Apache identity . He goes on a search for the lost gold of the Apaches , which is tied up with his own mystery . Unfortunately , the mountains are filled with bizarre and dangerous white men also searching for the gold
 My father read this book to me when I was fairly young . He slipped it in between Watership Down and The Lord of the Rings , and so naturally when I grew of age , I expected it to be a classic know all over the globe . I have found that this is not the case and I am rather disappointed with the world . Sometimes there are fiction books that outdo the fantasy series in fantasy , or the ancient myths in myth . This is a myth which we can understand , because we half-belong to culture of the book . There is something about this tale that makes it sound as if it is spun right at the fireside where ole Wicky-up sits up straight , half asleep .
 I too read this book as a pre-teen some 30 years ago . I read and enjoyed many young adventure books -LRB- Zilpha Keatley Snyder 's novels , The Three Investigators series -RRB- , but this is the only one that I read over and over and over . There are passages that would make me laugh out loud every time ! My mother will be selling my childhood home soon , and I hope to find my old , dogeared copy when I visit this summer so I can pass it to my son . If I do n't , I 'll find a used copy for him . All kids should read this treasure of a book !
 I had read this 30 years ago or so when I was a kid and I had fond memories of the book but could n't remember what it was about . So , I bought a copy to read to my 9-year old daughter as a bedtime story and we were not disappointed . It is captivating , but you have to read the whole thing for all the pieces to come together and for the story to make sense . My daughter had me read some pages over and over because they were so funny .
 Like the others , above , I am amazed this book is not in print . It is on my `` must read '' list ; my father read it to me , I read it to my wife and children , and I encourage lots of people to read it . The publisher who did n't want to reprint it must be the cousin of the guy who turned down publication of the first Harry Potter book .
 As with the other two people who have reviewed this book , I was introduced to it by my father . I very much enjoyed listening to this story . In the 20 years since , I have read this book several times - my copy is now ragged ! I have also enjoyed reading this book to young people while working as a day care provider . There is enough mischief and mayhem , enough sneaky twists , and enough action to keep your attention . The language is , at times , poetic , at other times just plain funny . It is truly a crime that this book is not in print . I want to send a copy to my eleven year old half-sister , but do n't want to give mine up !
 My dad and I read this book , and it 's wit is still impressive -LRB- 15 years later -RRB- compared to the literary classics . I 'd recommend this book to everyone .
 This was the hymnal used by a church I attended when I started Bible College . It has a great collection of hymns . This hymnal introduced me to the great and hard hitting song `` He Was Not Willing That Any Should Perish '' , which is hard to find and absent from most hymnals.On the quirky side -- this hymnal also introduced me to the Charles Wesley classic `` And Can It Be '' . The full version has five verses with an ABABCC rhyme scheme and uses the last two lines of the first verse as the chorus . In this hymnal , they only do three verses ; that 's okay because it 's common for hymnals to not include all the verses . However , they dropped the CC lyrics , meaning that the chorus for all three verses are the last two lines of the first verse repeated twice . That makes me shake my head.Is that a reason to forget this hymnal ? No . It has a great set of songs .
 I value this book highly . It contains a lot of the really good old hymns that are no longer readily available . The book arrived in a reasonable timeframe and was in good condition . It was a bargain at the price I paid .
 I have this old hymnal , and it has a great selection of known and cherished hymns of the Christian church . When my daughter wanted one for occasional use with their worship team , I looked on Amazon to provide her with one like I had , because of the thorough selection of well known and loved older hymns . We are happy campers!You may use the review , However , do not send me advertisements.I do not want to get offers and advertisements . I thought I was doing a review , not signing up for unwanted advertising . What is the deal ? Linda Greene
 The Divine Pity meant much to me over fifty years ago . I renewed my interest in it lately . The terms of theology hasve changed since then but the content on God 's presence in our daily lives in very much up to date . Each Beatitude is related to a Gift of the Spirit quite neatly . Amazon.com found this paperback , published in 1946 .
 Peacock deserves a far wider readership . The modesty of a man whose books could have been dressed up as classics but were left as the iridescent sports they are is awesome . Wholly satisfying , these anticipate Joyce 's and look back to Sterne 's comprehensive neutrality . Gryll Grange
 I was largely unaware until I read this book also designed for a young person 's read . As a young boy , Luther Burbank was more interested in nature and how things grew and worked than in playing ball . As he observed , he learned ; and as he learned , he got ideas and experimented ; and as he experimented , we benefitted.In an excerpt from the Introduction we gain insight : `` We call Luther Burbank a plant magician because he performed feats with plants which were as startling as the illusions of the stage magician.He made a red flower from a yellow one.He made the stones of plums disappear.He caused the desert cactus to grow a thousand times faster than it had ever grown before.He made a blackberry white.He made 500 kinds of cherries grow on one tree.Luther Burbank was the first man to devote his entire time to creating new plants ; and he succeeded in producting more useful new varieties of fruits , flowers , trees , vegetables , and vines than any other person . He demonstrated nature 's ability to provide mankind with new foods in almost endless variety , and he developed a method for helping nature to create new plants more quickly.He recognized time as a gift of the Creator which is to be used to the fullest extent ; and he lived a happpy life of seventy-seven years because he continually tried to be useful ... `` I recommend this book to all from the ages of around eight years on up .
 hey , grammar is n't sexy , but this book comes about as close as you can get . explanations are consistently clear and , above all , understandable to my high school students . it 's also loaded with examples , which even a group of jaded 15 year-olds sometimes find humorous . showed my copy to the wife , who teaches an SAT prep class and she also likes it and now uses it . -LRB- whoops , that was a run-on . -RRB-
 I 've consistently used an earlier edition of this grammar book , which I 've loved . It 's hard to believe , but this latest edition is even better than the previous one . The exercises and topics are still amusing , interesting and up-to-date -LRB- often taken from pop music and sports -RRB- , but it 's the addition of the writing sections at the end of each chapter that sets this book apart from other grammar books . The writing portion helps my students to learn grammar within a context so they can actually improve writing as opposed to learning grammar rules for the sake of learning grammar rules . I highly recommend this book for students as well as adults .
 Bello did an amazing job with her book . I support and respect everything she sponsors and represents in the marijuana community .
 i enjoyed the honesty and delightful look at the more realistic side of marijuana use . This book along with ` Marijuana Myths / Marijuana Facts ' are must reads for folks who want an informed , more truthful look at marijuana and how we 've been , and are being , lied to by ignorant authoritiy figures such as them ` DARE ' folks .
 Great read I recommend this book to everyone especially those in the medical field it was a great read and provided me with info I did not know
 I found this book to be an easy read . It sufficiently covered the topics indicated with what appears to be a very objective point of view.I think that this book should be a must-read for anyone on either side of the ongoing debate .
 this book is amazing , its all the proof you need . every aspect it touches , physical , psychological , and spiritual , gives incredible detail . you if are n't too sure about marijuana and its use , this book can turn that completely around . Astounding !!
 This book was an eye opener . It brings a different perspective to the personal use of the multi-useful plant - marijuana . Definately worth the read and very good for reference and to explain to someone else who is uneasy about the benefits of this medicinal plant . Expands your mind to see that it is worth checking it out .
 I havent read the book yet but by reading the reviews I am strongly interested in it . I believed the hype about weed is bad for you , this and that , or have people automatically judge you off the bat if you smoke it . But now I can smoke freely without believing the hype about this and that . props to the author
 Truth IS hard to find . . but this little book is cram packed with a most haunting , unorthodox , and politically incorrect truth
 I thought I knew a lot about marijuana until I read this book . Joan Bello has not only written an excellent book , she is an active advocate.She is an in-take processor for a class action law suit against the Federal Government endorsing the medical use of marijuana.I have Glaucoma , and have been legally blind since 1993 . I have had bad reactions to traditional medications . Marijuana may be able to help me save my remaining vision.This book has been well researched and documented . Joan Bello and the other contributors to the book really care about people.When is this country going to wake up . Are prisons are overflowing . We are letting out violent crimminals on the streets years early to make room for non violent drug offenders.I would like to thank joan and the attorneys behind the class action law suit . It is time to stand up and be counted .
 This book tells the truth . The author was sentenced to 12 years in prison for her beliefs -- right here in Amerika -LRB- I wish that I had 1/3 the courage of this person -RRB- . In her book , she tells how marijuana is a life saving plant and explains its actions on the human being in terms of physical , Psychological and spiritual dimensions . In her writings she explains how the medical dangers of marijuana are basicaly non-existant and that the spiritual aspects are what terrorize the the government -LRB- how true -RRB- . Marijuana will become the wonder drug of the new millennium .
 Joan Bello adresses feelings I have always had but I was not sure why . Now it makes a lot more sense . One big bonus in reading this book was I now try to pay a lot more attention to my inner self when I am in this higher state of consciousness as opposed to watching TV or something mundane like that . I try to expose myself to more stimulations than I use to . One other thing that I have noticed is I can really feel the depressing nature of alcohol way more than I use to . I have always had the feeling but I did not pay much attention to it . Now I find it really easy to tune into and it turns me off . This book is very interesting , a touch difficult to read in parts but in the end it improves your awareness of yourself and of this little beautiful plant that I have embraced for most of my life .
 Joan Bello is a very good friend and I helped in researching this book for her . Her wisdom of this plant and the way she expresses herself is honest , truthful and factual . Those in society who oppose this plant should be forced to write a book report on this brilliant work of truth ! I am looking forward to the new updated edition coming out soon ! I love you joan ! James Dawson
 This is the most comprehensive review of marijuana that I have encountered . Supported by an amazing bibliography this down to earth scientifically prepared work leaves the reader with a holistic understanding of why marijuana/cannabis/hemp has played so big a part of our civilization , going back thousands of years , and why currently , throughout the world , marijuana has become a very effictive and safe medicinal herb for the relief of symptons and for the healing of most modern day stress related diseases . Bello has prepared a concise understanding of the way marijuana safely balances the Autonomic Nervous System -LRB- ANS -RRB- , leading to physical , psychological and in some cases spiritual benefits without any of the dangerous side effects commonly associated with so many of today 's legal , profit oriented medicines .
 In a most positive and scientific approach , the author , with a Master 's degree in Holist health and Eastern Studies presents a solid understanding of how marijuana effects the human body , mind , and spirit . Overflowing with details from beginning to end , this is quite a serious piece of work that should be read by anyone interested in the effects of marijuana , and holistic health . The book was written in the early 90s before the many studies that have evolved over the past ten years have actually proven the effectiveness of this plant in treating so many different ailments . Cancer , asthma , anxiety , depression , glaucoma , high blood pressure , coronary diseases , attention deficit disorders -LRB- ADD -RRB- , alzheimers , and severe nausau are but a few of the many ailments that have proven to respond to safe marijuana therapy just as it was suggested by the author before these studies were undertaken .
 I 've read all three editions of Ms. Bello 's book and have to say that the Final Edition was worth waiting for - particularly the information on post tramatic syndrome . In my work with both patients and prisoners and their families , I have noted symptoms of post trauma and/or depression , so am very aware that the majority of these people suffer from one or both conditions . I recently gave a copy of the book to my daughter 's doctor , as I do with every doctor my family sees ; and at the birth of my last granddaughter , we were surprised and delighted when he shared his enthusiasm about both the book and the medicine during her labor . To my knowledge not one doctor who has taken the time to read ` Benefits of Marijuana ' has disagreed with any of Ms. Bello 's findings . No one wants to admit that marijuana has been unfairly maligned for mostly fictional reasons , but the fact is that the worst side effect of the use of this plant is the law . I hope you will get educated ; read the book , write a review , and join the effort to right this intolerable wrong .
 I recommend this book to all the ignorant prosecutors of the plant cannabis and of course to all the people who like to learn more about Cannabis . Very good research and fluently written .
 Ms. Bello has written an excellent book on the the positive effects of Cannabis for the body , mind , and soul . A great read .
 This is the only book I 've ever read -LRB- out of hundreds -RRB- that gets better each time you read it . The language and story are so beautiful and incredible . After reading it several times - my husband read it aloud to me and I basked in the magical realism once again wondering how it was I missed so much every time before . This book is not a light read - so prepare yourself for a journey - but a wonderous one .
 This book is amazyng , It 's not easy to read but it 's not as hard as they say . I went fron Harry Potter to this book , come on it 's not that hard . It is so rewarding to finish this book , characters are a little confusing . Please everyone try reading this book because it is definately worth it .
 I read this book for the first time in high school and I have to say I think it is the best book I have read to date . -LRB- 4 years later -RRB- As some on else wrote , its `` weird '' , but its wonderful!If you have never read Marquez before , or anything in his style , it might take a little while to get used to , but by the end of the book you will be crying.I would comment on the diction , syntax , rhetorical devices , but sadly I do not speak Spanish or live in the Colombian culture , so my opinions would be ridiculous . However , if you are interested in learning more about life in Colombia , this book would be a unique starting place.I can just say that Marquez 's soul and creative spirit incarnates this ethereal work and in doing so transcends all cultural bounds .
 One Hundred Years of solitude is close to perfection as fiction can get . Challenging , epic , and stunningly beautiful writing . As worth the effort as any book you will ever read , it is a vast work to get completely lost in .
 I have read this book twice . Everyone should read this book multiple times . There is simply SO much there that you can not helpt but read it multiple times . It is one of the most beautiful books I have ever read.Bascially , the story is that of the Buendia family and their eventual fall . The Buendia line starts with the incestuous marriage of cousins Jose Arcadio Buendia and Ursula Iguran . They move and create the town of Macondo after they try to find the sea but come across nothing . There they raise thier sons Arcadio and Aureliano and their daughter Amaranta . Melquiades and his gypsies come , bringing miracles of science with them . Jose Arcadio Buendia becomes completely enamoured and sets out to live entirely by science , eventually revoking God because he could not take a dauggaotype -LRB- picture -RRB- of Him . Ursula , on the other hand , keep the family together and retains order . Both are obsessed with a Buendia legacy.One Hundred Years of Solitude is just about that
 This book chronicles the evolution of the Buendias , a Spanish family . As the book goes on , we 're exposed to Marquez 's own sense of magical realism as he describes both the significant and trivial events in the lives of the Buendias.At times , this book seems to be going in every direction at the same time . It is difficult to remember the different characters and their relationships to one another . However , the beauty of this book lies in its language and its explanations for human action . Marquez attempts to paint hundreds of little pictures that ultimately sum together to describe all humans to some extent.His characters unrealistically engage in a type of symbolism to show different aspects of their inner workings . For example , Amaranta Ursula keeps her husband , Gaston , on a leash . This is Marquez trying to show us a side of Amaranta 's personality and soul without coming right out and telling us . The book is full of examples such as these . If you are enchanted by clever symbolism done up in a magical realism form , you will enjoy this book.Ultimately , the ending really ties everything together SO perfectly . My mind was desperate for clarity by the end , and Marquez more than impressed me . The theme of this book is the human relationship to time . Marquez sums this book up best when he concludes , `` Melquiades -LRB- who I believe is supposed to be Marquez -RRB- had not put events in the order of man 's conventional time , but had concentrated a century of daily episodes in such a way that they coexisted in one instant . '' - overall , an awesomely poignant work .
 This book is for people who have an imagination and enjoy giving it a good workout . If you are looking for history , or an easy narrative to follow take a pass on this one . But , if you can find humor in pathos and have the ability to follow complex story lines you will be amply rewarded .
 This is one of the best pieces of literature ever written . In my opinion , Marquez 's work is right up the alley of D. Foster Wallace and Gustave Flaubert . In One Hundred Years of Solitude , Gabriel Garcia Marquez tells the story of the Buendia family -- a family who has struggled the sometimes mundane and unjust world they live in for many generations . The descriptions are lurid and gruesome -- the suicide details , battles with insomnia , etc. -- a story told without reservations . However , One Hundred Years of Solitude is also a poignant and touching novel about the memorable Buendia family . This is a true and profound piece of literature written by a brilliant writer . This gem should be read more than once .
 with many reviews that were already written for this classic , i prefer to just commend the wonderful writing style of gabriel garcia marquez . just like what it is touted to be , it is a book that will remind you of your grandparents , with all their stories and superstitions . only one word would sum up everything in this book , and , i think , that is
 I have not read a book as good as One Hundred Years of Solitude in a long while . It 's hard to say what , exactly , pulled me in so much . One could make the argument that there are too many characters for the reader to really get inside the head of any one of them , or that none are `` three-dimensional , '' whatever that means . But I do n't think that is at all the case . The accusations of `` two-dimensionality '' are based on the fact that many of these characters have one action which defines their entire lives , which they follow and live with for the rest of same . I , personally , find that sort of depiction to be extremely true to human nature , as I also find the irrationality of many of these actions to be . At the end of the book , I felt like I understood some of the characters better than the author , and that others I did n't understand at all . I think that this is the reaction most people have , and that it was Marquez 's intention that it should be so . -LRB- A note
 Its true I had a hard time putting this book down , it was well written and fascinating , but dont read it if you are already depressed . I think it is one of the saddest most hopeless books I ever read -- Eternal cycles of despair , being dragged down into the mud despite heroic struggles to escape , and to know it is a commentary on real world issues just makes it worse . I read it for a book club , but I could quite happily have gone my whole life without it .
 This book is experience . I can understand that the book may be disappointing to a reader who begins it with a lot of expectations , so I suggest approaching it with as few as possible.I was so intrigued by the lives of the characters that I had to force myself to slow down and savor the beautiful language . I could n't wait for the story to resolve , but did n't want the book to end . I wanted to read it again as soon as I finished.I would also recommend using the family tree -LRB- included before the first chapter -RRB- early in your reading to help you keep the characters straight . It was very helpful in understanding the nature of some very confusing relationships .
 I loved this book . It was fabulous . The ending was the best part . It was probably the best ending I 've ever read -LRB- and I 've read a lot of books . Shocking , but profound , and very original ! Once you are finished , you will have a lot to think about . I loved the characters of the original Ursula and Aureliano and what they come to symbolize . Amaranta kind of gave me the creeps , although I guess you have to sympathize with her by the end of the novel . Very tragic , yet beautiful and inspirational .
 This is a tough read . I almost gave up at several points . The reason is that the writing is `` train of thought '' . The is little organization and it is quite hard to keep track of things.There is not much of a plot . You might call this book just several hundred pages of rambling.But in the end , I felt rewarded by reading it . I 'm not sure why , but I did .
 One hundred years of solitude is a work of genius . Marquez takes us through the lives and times of atleast six generations of Buendia family , weaving one magical imagery over the other , layers and layers of fantasy build into characters and daily reality . The writer is a poet , with his metaphors taking the center stage and creating a marvellous world of miracles and half-truths , of lies that defy several laws of physics and yet are amusing and interesting.His novel is like a river flowing backwards from the ocean , and likewise he traces the trajectories of all its tributeries , rather mulls over the genesis and fall of each one , and describes all the floods , draughts , tides , swells and ebbs , in an continuous stream of highly imaginative narrative . Maybe my review is written in a rather unoriginal copy of the style of Marquez , and might appear full of long sentences . The same style in hands of this master sees flowering of an amazing piece of literature . It is rich in literary , scientific and philosophical meanderings , its full of several forms of life , each form of life is swamped by the overwhemling current of times , each generation discovers for itself love , lust , intrigue , tastes and temptations , talents and tempests.Gabriel Garcia Marquez never ceases to amaze me , every sentence is a work of art . The book is sufficiently complex to keep one engrossed for weeks . Most pages are too mindboggling to be handed more than a few at a time . He supplies your imagination with so much matter that you can almost sense your brain cells seething with creativity or to say the least a pleasant confusion and agitation . The book is full of mysteries and laughter , massacres and births , people who have same names , flying carpets , Sanskrit , alchemists , wars , women who live to hundred years of age , bastards , failed and flourished businesses , and every imaginable occupation that can be thought of in a small time AND MUCH MUCH MORE . Read it !
 This book is mind blowing ! It drove me crazy , and the ending was insane ! I think this is author is a genius and until you read this book you will not understand what I am saying ...
 This was another summer reading assignment for my son , who was surprised to find out how much he came to love this novel . A must read - highly recommend Gabriel Garcia Marquez novels .
 This is the most LUSH book I have ever read . The content is heady like the humid air of the rainforest . It is dense with wise , human understanding , the style straddling poetry and prose . I 'll often re-read a paragraph in breathless amazement of what I 've just read . I must take it in small bites - as if it 's simply too rich , like a steak with bernaise sauce . But each re-reading brings joy .
 I just read Love in the Time of Cholera before this . Marquez has a way with words . They are unlike other fiction I 've read . They completely transplant me into the world he creates . As with Love , I felt the environment in every paragraph and experienced the atmosphere the way I imagined the characters t experience it . This novel in particular explores love , pride , deception , family . It evokes feelings of passion , pain , longing , fear of wasted time . I really did enjoy it , I hope my next novel is as giving as this was .
 I first met Marquez through this classic in the home of a friend , but I had to leave before I finished -LRB- 100 years is , after all , a long time -RRB- . So I had to buy it . I have a Colombian daughter in law , but she surprisingly had n't studied him in college . It 's kind of a side issue in the novel , as well as in daily life in Colombia , but low-key internal &#34; war &#34; has been going on for more than 100 years . A fascinating place described by one of the world 's great authors .
 There 's no question that this is a beautifully wrought piece of literature from one of our greatest Latin American voices . But this does n't mean you do n't need to put in work to really get all that you can out of it.I 've put off reading this impressive work for just that reason ' its accolades and reputation make it a bit intimidating . Once you enter the microcosm of Macondo , you realize that the number and names of the characters can be unwieldy . This is my advice
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a master at his craft , and this is is one of his best books . He invented magical realism , a style that has influenced many Latin American authors . It 's a classic and a wonderful read .
 I 'm not sure I would classify this book as one of my favorites , and yet it is entirely profound . Written in a beautiful style that is amazingly complex at the same time it is beautifully simple , One Hundred Years of Solitude reveals a true mastery of composition . The themes are as grotesque as they are beautiful , realistic and at the same time fantastical , bright and full of hope and at the same time cast in a hopeless darkness . Definitely worth reading .
 I read this book over a year ago and after recommending it to everyone who cared to listen , realized that I had not written a review . This book is a riveting , entertaining , sometimes heart wrenching story of a family -LRB- several generations -RRB- set in the fictional Macondo . I do n't want to give away anything but ... I consider this an epic . If you like well written , complex , books this is for you . There are several characters in the book so if you like short simple reads , this is not the book for you . This was my first Garcia book and I am now hooked . I have read a few more but this one is by far my favorite ! Highly recommended !
 I truly can not remember the last time I have read something so imaginitive and insightful . While this book is sure to make you laugh , the wisdom imparted through hysterical and fantastic happenings is almost chilling at times . This book reminds me of Voltaire 's `` Candide , '' in that it takes a satirical tone towards the human race . A piece of advice
 I do n't usually write reviews , because I 'm not sure I 'm very good at them , but this is my favorite book of all time , and I could n't pass up the opportunity.This book is nothing short of prolific . Not only does it follow the history of a family but also that of a nation , from la violencia to the problems of United Fruit imperialism . Garcia-Marquez gives the reader a true view of the Colombian culture , from machismo to religion and almost everything in between.But more than what this book is about is how it is told . I admit that I love Magic Realism and Latin American fiction in general , not everyone does . However even beyond the genre and subject of the book , the way it is told -- the rambling narrative resembling an oral story -- immerses the reader into something deeper than a story , more like a tradition . If you read this story as more of a child listening to a fantastic bedtime story with fascination than an adult with clear definitions of what is real and what is unbelievable , then perhaps the book will be more accessible . Perhaps it is the austere Western tradition of Realism that makes this book intolerable to some readers . However if for no other reason , you should read this book just to know how other cultures write , and what is important to the author of the third world . But even if you come to this book with reservations , I would really be surprised if anyone was disappointed .
 Let me begin by saying this is probably the most difficult book that I have ever read - at least when that difficulty is created in a valid manner - not simply by a lack of clarity of vision or expression , or by a forced tortuous plot path that aims to `` keep the reader guessing '' in a tiresome manner ... The first time that I tried to read it , I was on vacation with my new amour and her children , and I was unable to give it proper attention . I could see that it was a very different work , but because I was n't giving it the effort it demands , it seemed more strange than anything , and I put it down after 70 pages.The second time that I picked it up , I gave it my full attention , and perhaps 100 pages in , I was simply entranced , and realized that this was without a doubt the greatest book that I had ever read . The passion , the vitality , the insight and wisdom into human nature , and the challenges and surprises in life ; the effortless use of language are in my opinion unmatched by any other , or by Marquez himself in his other works . Do not look for the beauty of this book only in its plot , since as with any work of literature , that is really the surface level . Marquez 's weaving of the storyline is just pure magic , and his rendering of the characters and their actions is done in a manner that yields nothing to poetry in terms of it 's richness , beauty and sophistication - but this is no short poem , it 's a full length novel . This is truely a master work by a giant of literature - a person not only of ferocious intellect , but also very driven , because even for Marquez , this must have been a tremendous effort to sustain such a level of complexity , clarity and poetry through such a long work.As I approached the final chapters , I was wishing that this book would never end , and have searched in vain since then for another work of this stature .
 This is definately one of my all time favorite books . The trick is to pay close attention to the family tree in front so you do n't get confused . It 's a great read for anyone interested in history , anthropology , english , lit ... . Serious and amusing , nothing comes close to describing how perfect this book describes humanity . Read it .
 This is a wonderful book , the author is so creative . Its so nice to read a book and get lost in a fantasy world .
 One Hundred Years of Solitude is a very interesting book and a brief synopsis of its plot would involve sex , violence , death , war , and adventure -- all topics that usually hold a reader 's attention . Unfortunately , it is also a very difficult book to read because of the confusion caused by repetitive names , the reality mixed with fable style of the narrative , and the pace of the novel which jumps around constantly . This poses a problem for someone like myself who often likes to read on the bus or just for a few minutes before I go to sleep -- I could not get in a ryhthm and would forget important details so the book did not always make sense . When I had time to concentrate it was beautifully written , intense , and interesting , so I would highly recommend it for someone with the time to really delve into and read it in long stretches . For people who like to read great literature but do n't have much time to devote to this book , I would recommend you come back to this one later when you can devote yourself to it .
 Until the English language undergoes considerable change , I do n't think there will be any translators of `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' other than Gregory Rabassa . I know enough Spanish vocabulary to sense a strong fidelity with the original text . This fidelity is consistently maintained throughout , but not through a word for word translation . Very few literal translations convey the meaning of a text . Rather , this text preserves meaning through what I 'd call a holistic fidelity to the original words . In many cases , Rabassa does mirror the original , but in cases where a mirror rendering would interrupt the flow of thought , he aptly conveys the mood or image of the moment through carefully crafted syntax and phrasing . The text creates a moving picture in the mind once you 're in the flow . You become sucked into a whirlwind of thought , that builds like an orgiastic frenzy right to an inevitable culmination.This is not an easy book to read , in English or Spanish . There 's lots of narrative , long sentences , and dialogue is only used at certain key moments . The first fifty or sixty pages may seem trite or silly , but if you go back and read them after you 've read the rest , you 'll almost certainly be muttering to yourself . Remember Melquiades . Do n't worry if you confuse the characters . The text will move you foward , and you 'll understand . If not , go back after you 've finished . Do not skip ahead at any point while you are reading . This book can change the way you look at fiction forever . Stick with it !
 ... And magically real . Starting within the end , while terminating where it begins , the legend of the imaginary-and-mega-tangible village of Macondo -LRB- a.k.a. . One Hundred Years of Solitude -RRB- is nothing but the consummate story of humanity and the world , with a certain-whatever -LRB- un -RRB- established civilisation in between ... The saga of the descendants of Jos&eacute; Arcadio Buend&iacute;a , in -LRB- perhaps foregoing -RRB- and proceeding generations , is one and all , all in one , framed in a scenario where everything exists - though that is yet to be discovered . Within the indefinite and everlasting countless Jos&eacute; Arcadio -LRB- s -RRB- and Aureliano -LRB- s -RRB- -LRB- fill in the blank , or count them if you will -RRB- , or &Uacute;rsula -LRB- s -RRB- and Remedios -LRB- es -RRB- , lies the completeness of a novel as universal as night and day , where anyone can relate to anything - and where there are no boundaries between the real and the fantastic , solitude abounding.Woven by tales which repeat themselves all over again , endlessly , the grandiosity in this particular work by the finest writer Latin America has ever delivered lies in the very -LRB- post -RRB- structure of its own textuality , in its own deconstruction , in its own simulation . Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez 's Buend&iacute;a network in the unfolding Macondo extends its representation to that of one hundred years of existence , wherever and whenever and whatever and whomever and however , while it recollects and reassembles the general wonder , sorrow , celebration , disgrace , ecstasy , stigma , and amazement that we refer to as life -LRB- but do n't forget that , like in the novel , if it lacks a name due to its being too recent , you can grant it one by pointing at it -RRB- . To put it in a few words , whether or not you 're Ursula or Jos&eacute; Arcadio , or Aureliano or Remedios , a bit of each one or all of them at once , One Hundred Years of Solitude is your story and that of your environs , of your passions and emotions - the story instructing the outburst of being able to start all over again , of living one hundred years in the company of a novel so delightful which could be read way over one hundred times per life ...
 This is the book about which its author said that he preferred the English-language translation to his own Spanish original . Besides being a remarkable admission , it is a fine tribute to the translator who , quite frankly , deserves it . This is a tremendous book but might not be discernible as such to us English types , without the translation . Knowing friends have told me that the French version is also excellent.Still that is not to detract -LRB- and how could one ? -RRB- from the original work . It is a wonderful story told with supreme control by an author in his prime . One could go on about the `` magical realism '' so dear to certain schools of thought about South American literature , but enough has been said elsewhere . Yet it is a unique writing style and the book is all the better for having this advantage . There is a landscape to explore and a cultural background to examine with which we northerners are not familiar . For some reason , the book reminds me partly of Castaneda - there 's a dryness to the text as there is on the ground and the houses seem to be earth-floored dwellings needing a good broom to keep in them in order . Yet these are just vague impressions gleaned from a wider reading.I do n't think anyone who enjoys reading should miss this . On a list of my favourite 100 books , this would be very high up .
 This book is captivating . One can only read on , living the plot , experiencing the events , loving , hating , existing within it . A fabulous tale , swirling around the characters , taking the reader for a journey . Similar to a Steinbeck novel in it 's themes and subjects , this book is a timeless great . The author has spun a story made of gold .
 I have read this book for a three times and I stil find here something , which can cheer me up . Marquez ` magic realizm is very sensitive and vital . His novel will be probably always in my bookcase .
 It is problematic for any reader to describe this book . Adjectives seem rather limiting . As a historian , Marquez manages to fold the entire history of Columbia into 100 years . As a poet , he evokes a sense of wonder with the material from beginning to end , as if seeing the world with the eyes of a child and the wisdom of the elderlymembers of the Buendia clan . The writing evokes imagery and metaphor which survives translation . Despite the novel 's scope , we never lose interest in the maddening pursuits of the individual Buendias ; Jose Arcadio 's attempts at scientific inquiry , the tyranny of a thinly disguised Dole banana company , the military genius -LRB- ineptitude ? -RRB- of Colonel Aureliano Buendia fascinate . You never feel suffocated by the expanse of time ; you wish for it to disappear , for Marquez to magically grant his characters immortality . Instead he sends time in circles , as new generations replace the old ones , until time finally stops altogether . Give this book to someone you love ; when they ask what it 's about , shrug . `` Life , '' you can tell them . The genius of Marquez is that simple .
 hello !!!!! the best book ever . this man is a genius , i do n't care if he smoked something or not . it 's a book you enjoy and enjoy , the way the characters seem to live all together , and bring each other from death . everything they go through , its VERY representative of latinamerican myths , and brings so much of real history into it , it 's fascinating ... READ IT .
 I read this book in my freshman year of college . I loved it . It has many characters that flow together . The story has a magical realism to it . Characters die and come back to life , people live for years on end . It follows the lives of a family that deals with wars , tragic love , and mysterious dealings . I thorougly enjoyed reading this book and I recommend it to anyone who wants to enter a magical world filled with vibrant characters taking on all sorts of political and social issues to heart and then bending them as far as they can go . Think Dali .
 I was pleasantly surprised to find this on Oprah 's list . I read this book in college and it was my first exposure to magic realism . Such imaginative narrative is hard to come by and who could forget such events as the discovery of a dead angel , the whole town suffering from insomnia , or the beautiful Remedios -LRB- one of many -RRB- ascending to heaven ? Just as a sidenote I find one of the characters toward the end is disturbingly like Michael Jackson with his lifestyle of decadence and his penchant for the company of little boys . It 's a book that is very sensual and colorful , I would love to see it transferred successfully to film . But this book is not for anyone . Just for those who love truly imaginative literature .
 i thought that this book was great
 Marquez has such an eloquent way with words . He canalso spin an excellent tale as evidenced by this book.But , what I enjoyed most about the book was the strengthand depth of emotion which he was able to convey throughthe written word . This book pulls you into a magical andmorbid world and holds you hostage until the ending . It isan immense book , but well worth the committment . I wouldespecially recommend it to young developing writers . Thisbook will definitely increase your artistic perspectives .
 The One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel Garcia Marquez is one of the most interesting novel I have ever read . First it starts with a married couple who are counsins , afraid that they will have a child with a pig tail , a myth about what happens when you marry close relations . This novel has the most confusing set of characters with the same name carried on from generation to generation . And this novel has some of the most interesting events that you will ever read . As you read this novel , you can actually see each charactrer falling into their life of solitude , one by one.This novel is very good , and I highly recommend it .
 `` It 's as if the world were repeating itself , '' -LRB- Marquez , 298 -RRB- . Every year , every decade , every generation , lives are being repeated over and over again . The names Jose Arcadio and Aureliano appear throughout the Buendia family tree , causing the same mistakes and the same love wars . When Rebeca comes to live with the Buendia family as a very distant cousin , she is welcomed and grows to the age where she notices men . She notices Pietro Crespi first . So does her cousin , Amaranta . Amaranta swears that Rebeca will die before she marries Pietro , yet it is not Rebeca that dies , but Amaranta 's sister-in-law , Remedios . The feeling of hate and revenge continues in Amaranta 's life , even though Rebeca spurns Pietro and marries her cousin Jose Arcado -LRB- junior -RRB- . There are many people in the family , many married to relatives , or in love with them , and many that have many illegitimate children . Such as Colonel Aureliano Bruendia , who has 17 sons , all with different mothers , and with the same name as their father . But in the end , everyone feel alone , everyone is alone , though they are surrounded by people . This is a fantasy book where one village can withstand the modern world , can live in its own corner without discovery . But when that discovery comes , all that is there is betrayal , loneliness , and war . Everyone is trying to be who they are , but they just keep repeating the mistakes that their grandfathers made , with no other side of the rainbow . There are many bad characters and people who become those who are despised most . But in the end , there is just solitude . A state of just being , if only for yourself . These people lead enchanted lives , only to die while urinating . They see the ghosts of those long gone and long forgotten . This adds to the theme of solitude . Where no matter how many brothers , sons , girlfriends you have , all that remains is you . Such is the case with the Colonel . His wife of about 12 years dies and his 17 sons are all murdered and that leaves only him . This book is not the best reading . The beginning begins to take off , and then there is about twenty pages of dull description and such . Keep reading the book and you 'll get to the parts that are interesting to everyone . There are about four such parts , but there is so much action that one can be interested if they just keep reading on . The theme was held strong with great ideas , and everyone ended up lonely . For this one theme to seep through the entire novel is a great sign of a well-written book .
 I definitely agree with the reviewer below , who said people either love this book or hate it . This book was suggested to me by my junior HS English teacher , and it took me about 1 week and a half to finish . Normally , I can finish a book within a day or two . The reading took me longer , not because it 's a big book -LRB- it 's not -RRB- , but because it is very intense . One Hundred Years is a marvelous story about the Buend&iacute;a family , and their trials and tribulations . I remember this story so vividly because it 's hard to forget . My favorite character was the family matriarch , Ursula . None of the other female characters , in my opinion , could hold a candle to her . Whether she was taking care of poor senile Jose , or dealing with the pain of losing sons and grandsons , or even dealing with -LRB- in her old age -RRB- the bugs and plants her great-great grandchildren piled on her , she was a rascally character I could n't help but admire.The ending was very different from anything I could have predicted , but in hindsight , the ending looks inevitable . It 's a twist , a very different ending , then what most people are used to , and Marquez tells the story so fluidly , I think many are disappointed or even frustrated by the end . All in all , I think One Hundred Years is a terrific book club book , because this book needs to be shared and discussed .
 Most magnificent , incredible novel that flows by like a bizarre dream but like most dreams lacks coherent plot or discernable direction . It 's good , compassionate , humane , complex and very long folk tale spiced with philosophy and politics . Unfortunately I do n't speak Spanish well enough to read this masterpiece in the original but I read it both in English and Russian translation and I would recommend it to any mature reader . An English speaker should only attempt to read this book if he is comfortable with other large foreign novels . If you can handle large works of Dostoevski -LRB- Dostoevsky -RRB- or Balzac in period translation , - cover to cover , - then go ahead . Otherwise do n't even try to because what you 'd be up against is pure torture . An abridged version of the novel or the same work narrated by a professional actor on audio tape could be considered a lighter cuisine but I am not familiar with either abridged version or the tapes . I guess people from nations which have had long periods of civil unrest and war on recent their historic consciousness could better relate to this work , its atmosphere and its characters than those who lack such experience or for whom it would be an extremely distant historic memory . While it is certainly not an easy read , as a complete work of literary art the One Hundred Years of Solitude must be one of the best 20th century novels written in any language .
 a great book but it can be a little decieving . It will be different than anything you have ever read ... and that can make it a little troubling ... and tedious at times , however when you finish youl feel great about it and love it . so there ya go.check it out .
 It is incredible what this book can do , considering myself quite ayoung reader I can say that it was this novel the one that forged my future as far as the reading . 4 years ago with only 13 years this book arrived in my hands , in my opinion i had already had enough youth novels already and i felt prepared to to move on and so i decided that this would be the book with which would begin my reading maturity . If this was the best or worse desicion of my life i do n't know , by one side it was the best one because i found my favorite book and writer aswell , but on the other hand it can also be the worse because no longer can i be conformed to reading light novels that do not make me feel as much reality in fictitious facts as they words of Garcia Marquez made me feel . That is what moves me to continue looking for something that gives that back to me , feeling so entered in a history that also becomes part of my history . I have nothing more to say than , if you have the opportunity to read this masterpiece do n't give it a second thought and do it .
 I am not even going to touch the fabula of the story ; many before me have done it.I am going to comment on another aspect of the book.In the age of 20 , after having red almost ENTIRE European wonderful literature and some of most important works of North American authors , I developed allergy to father reading . The reason was that having absorbed all literary styles and techniques , all the new books I was coming across where boring to me because of predictability.Then ... . One day I saw a book in the hands of one of my fellow students . Totally oblivious of the author and Latin American culture I snobbishly remarked - `` Can anything good come from Galilee '' ? -LRB- Of course being well aware that the Good came from the Galilee -RRB- My friend answered do n't be so fast , just read the first paragraph.I did ... It was overwhelming magical experience . All the time got mixed in my soul like in the paragraph . I could not believe the surrealistic magical tour de force I was getting into . I end up almost forcefully borrowing the book . That night I red one third of the book and for the first time in my life I did n't finish a book that I loved , in one sitting . The amount of joy was so immense that I for the first time in my life wanted to take time off to digest and prolong the excitement and elation.This book opened for me the amazing Latin American literature and again brought me back to reading.Dostoevsky once said that Don Quixote of Cervantes will be enough to present to the God to absolve the sins of humankind.I am not sure if this book could serve for the same purpose , but most certainly it brought the Speech as close to its quintessence-Music - as humanly possible.Jorge Borges is another titan of Latin prose , one of my very top , but ... he definitely is not for the masses ; he is solely for erudite reader.This book is in the list of 10 most important books of my life.Even though chronologically the last to join the list , but existentially in almost the top of the list -LRB- second or third -RRB- !!!
 If you are looking for something simple that has no depth , this is n't it . Unless you enjoy Tolstoy or Faulkner , this book will be difficult for you to comprehend . Some people prefer light , easy reads with predictable characters , and that is ok . I was fairly absorbed in this book , it kept my interest and I enjoyed the journey . If you are into D. Steele , you probably wo n't like this book . That being said , I did give it only four stars . It was n't perfect .
 This was a great , fast and simple transaction !! Very Impressed !! Thank you , will do business again !!
 I received confirmation that the book had been shipped and it arrived as confirmed . The book was in great shape and the price was exceptional .
 This is a masterpiece ! Magical and powerful , the story of four generations of Buendias will haunt your soul . You will never forget them , their lives , and their losses . I have read it three times and plan to read it many more times because it is a timeless story , and each time is a new journey ...
 Although the sequencing of this story is a bit confusing , the story itself is like a magnet that absorbs the reader into the town of Macondo and into the lives of the Buendias . Each Buendia lives their own unique lives , with some of them being travelers , and some secluding themselves from the rest of the world . The viewpoint of this book is through the eyes of the the town as the citizens see themselves growing into modernization with the discoveries of Melquiades and Jose Arcadio Buendia , and the Banana Company , who will later haunt the town with it 's massacre . The uniqueness of the lives of the family and the residents of this town has made this book a metaphor for the reaches of imagination , and fixes the reader 's brain to think perceptively about life .
 I was thouroughly impressed at how beautifully this book was translated , nothing was lost . This is an amazing story , not only does every generation weave together so well , there is not a moment of boredom when reading . I loved this book . It was wonderfully written , and the characters came alive . I recommend everyone read this book !
 The first time I read this masterpiece , it was a requirement for one of my college literature classes . This could have proved unfortunate , for as anyone knows , being ` forced ' to read a book lends an unfairness to the possible greatness of the piece . Anyhow , this did not turn out to be the case in `` A Hundred Years '' -- I read it once for class and then a second and a third time and I plan to read it many more times throughout my life . Words can not bring justice to Marquez 's ability to paint words and phrases on parchment with the meticulous care of Chopin or Michaelangelo . It is simply four-hundred plus pages of wonderfully constructed poetry and , in my estimation , the greatest novel ever written .
 One Hunderd Years of Solitude left me disturbed.From the happy tale of two young lovers , who carveout a new village for themselves , to the incestousaccount of the last descendants of the family , the book has the power to unnerve the reader . Thestory rambles , so that you feel that time issuspended in Mocando . And yet as charactersgrow older , you notice that time is in fact movingin a circle . The same members of the family are reborn in theArcadia family , reincarnated as the 100 years passby . The forces compelling them to act as theydo , attract and repel you at the same time . Youtry and understand the events and thecharacters , but sheer incredulity and awe asthe story unfolds , leaves you stupefied . I amnot sure I love the book like I do `` Jane Eyre `` or admire it like I do `` War and Peace '' . But I am powerfully attracted by it , and I 'd like toread it again - if only to marvel at a magicalfamily , banished to one hunderd years of solitude . < BR
 As we take this mystical adventure through the swamps , banana plantations , and the hearts of several generations of Macondans in Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's One Hundred Years of Solitude , we must see that in this journey lies not only the wit of a great story teller but also the allegory of our modern world in a candor all too true to Marquez 's tumultuous Columbia . The recent history of internal dispute among the different political factions , drug traffickers , and the presidency may find an allegorical reflection through some of the fictional characters in One Hundred Years of Solitude just as Dante 's Inferno gleaned the political and theological charicatures of his time . It is and will be called one of our centuries greatest works from a man who 's literary voice screams `` Life ! '' into the printed word
 One Hundred Years of Solitude is without question my favorite book of all time.The story is both engrossing and compelling in it 's humanity and magic . Having read all Marquez 's books & stories I always come back to this book and am surprised anew by it 's richness.Character tie ins with other books & stories -LRB- Erendira for example -RRB- give one a larger perspective on Marquez 's world.Like Catch-22 , The Cider House Rules and John Le Carre 's Smiley trilogy , One Hundred Years of Solitude is a book I 've been reading once a year and will continue to do so.A must
 This book was the first of his kind
 One of the greatest novels of our time . If you have n't read `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' you are missing the sensory journey of a lifetime . After you have experienced Marquez you ca n't help but view the world a little differently ! Do n't miss this opportunity to enter the mind of a literary genuis . You will want more and his compelling collections of short stories is an excellent follow-up . Immerse yourself in the increadable reality of Marquez
 I find it strange that I liked this book even when basically it nevers follow the strict literature guidelines
 When I read the last phrase of Marquez ' epos I wept . Not because the story was sad , but because the book was finished
 Marquez magic realism is breathtaking . This book is my benchmark for the future .
 the book talks about passion , war , defeat and glory , family dramas and political upheaval . the book is touching and a good reading for understanding latin america and its people . praise for garcia marquez for such a landmark novel .
 In my case , this is as true as the mixture of oxigen and nitrogen i am breathing right now . I am preparing to read it all over again for the seventh time , and i know that it wo n't be the last . The most significant word i can find for this book is MAGICAL !! Read it , for God 's sake !
 I first read this novel in London on a very cold and bleak Sunday in Winter . I ca n't remember taking a break from picking it up until the final page . I was mesmerized . To say this book is a masterpiece/classic is to demean it . I 've passed this recommendation on to some good friends and have yet to hear a contrary opinion . What more can I say ? EXCEPT check out ` Love in the Time of Cholera ' -LRB- not far behind the pace ! -RRB- . I hope both give you as much pleasure as they did me .
 I was amazed to see that anyone could negatively review this book , because it changed my life forever . Before reading this book , my parents had insisted that it was a gift from the gods . I still remember the first lines , which are the best I 've read to date . One teacher of mine said , `` it is the best book written since World War II , in the world . '' And the world is a very big place , and 50 years -LRB- or so -RRB- is a long time . I know that my children will one day read this book in awe !
 I had to put this book down ... several times . That was just because it was such an emotional journey that I could n't read it all at once . But the second I finished the last letter of the last word on the last page , I quickly turned back to the first page and began to read again . Marquez is truly an inspired composer . His stories are filled with the human process and never leave your mind empty . I find myself craving for the same pleasure , pain and anger that his characters experience . You will not want to finish this book in one sitting and if you do you will be desperate for a second , and third , and fouth ... reading !
 As a Colombian , I am proud to say that Gabo 's novel is the most beautiful and magical portrayal of the people and customs of Colombia . No one I 've read has ever drawn with words pictures in my mind so clearly . Truly , a masterpiece for the future generations all over the world .
 A tremendously hard book to read . Tedious ! And yes , thank you Minneapolis , the man went and named everyone Aureliano Buendia . WHAT 'S THE PROBLEM ? The trick is to take the family tree at the beginning , enlarge it , and tack it to your wall . Garcia-Marquez did n't name everyone the same to make things hard . The man gave us a family map to help us out . What 's the book about ? As simple or as complex as you want . Do not look for meaning , although it does sometimes bite you in the ass . Do n't be afraid to laugh . Do n't be afraid to say , `` Yeah right . That ca n't happen . '' Do not fear so many men being named the same thing , yet be individualized by numbers . Having trouble with it is by no means indicative of your IQ . Mr. Spock would need help . END
 100 Years of Solitude was a requirement for a World Literarture requirement I had to fulfill in High School . I read it for the first time 3 years ago and have picked it up millions of times since then , even if only to read one sentence . Gabriel Garcia Marquez has written an epic immortal story , filled with pure poetry . I have a tendency to underline every sentence that moves me or touches me or gets to me . My first copy was so covered with notes and comments and underlinings that I had to buy a new one . Magic , definitely magic !
 I have bought more copies of this book than any other . Every time I buy a new copy , I meet someone who has not read it and am COMPELLED to give my new copy away . It is absolutely the best novel ever written . I thought this when I first read it 15 years ago , and I still think it now , thousands of novels later .
 I can still remember the force with which the first two or three paragraphs hit me , reading them in a bookstore in Albuquerque . Inventive , humane , human , magical .
 This is an amazing book in which i got lost in the authors imagination . Scenes of families or feelings of shame described so vividly you could n't help but feel them . The importance of loyalty and family is always being showed but not in a tiresome way . A magnificent book with brilliant language by a gifted author .
 This book sweeps you away into the magical lives of the Buendia family . You ca n't help but feel a part of all their loves , lusts , sorrows , and challenges . Garcia has created a world that , like a dream , is hard to leave . The book explains so clearly our human nature to withdraw from others and suffer in solitude . However , it also shows the effects of solitude , teaching us to appreciate companionship . I loved the end , it was brilliant !
 I started this book several time but could not pass the first 20 pages because I was so confused about the character names , the time and the location . Finally I got to the second chapter and could not put it down until the end . After reading great novels from many cultures , this is the one I call the masterpiece . There is never a page without vivid imagination , without surprises , without a resonance to the human heart , even till the very last page . Marquez tells the story in a natural way . There is no lengthy scenary description , no boring social analysis , no emotional outburst , yet I could see clearly what he is seeing with his imagination , feel what each character is feeling . I would rate this book 10 stars -LRB- ********** -RRB- on a 1-5 scale . Reading this book is enjoyable and I recommend it to every serious reader . That 's all I have to say about this book .
 A truly , life-changing experience . Magic realism , cyclical time , who could ask for anything more ? Thank you , Gabriel Garcia Marquez , for giving me this treasure and creating a cultural mythos for all of us .
 Simply the most astonishing , moving , playful , intellectual , emotional experience I 've had inside the covers of a book . Think of tumbling immediately and inextricably in love , and you 're not far from what this book does . Renews your faith in the power of literature and the point of living . A book to be generous with -LRB- give it away ! -RRB- and to make you selfish -LRB- it 's my experience , not yours -RRB- . Hell , buy it and love it .
 It is one of the gratest books ever written . It is sometimes what your dreams are made of , but you never admitted it . I have read this book for the first time when I was 18 and 3 times since , and it still has same magic . It is like diving into an other world , and feeling familiar all of the time .
 Now I know why critics have put this book on the must-read books of all time . One Hundred Years of Solitude is an engaging tale of mankind 's ups and downs as seen in the lives of the Buendias . I am amazed and awed at how Gabriel Garcia Marquez came up with such a story . He must have been feverish writing this exquisite tale , caught up in the everyday lives of the Buendias .
 I have read this book in both Spanish and English I believe it is simply the best novel written in the 20th century . No where else does a book burn with the fires of imagination and dreams like this one . It touches my soul with a something magical , creating the world of the Buendias inside of me . Someone once said finishing the book is like waking from a dream . I agree .
 Everything is known , says Gabriel Garcia Marquez . Like almost everything in his book , the statement should not be taken literally . Just as a literal interpretation of the Book of Genesis is not required to appreciate the Hebrew bible , this alternative bible begins to make some sense only when you get the metaphor . Everything is known because human nature is what it is . Because we are human , we make the same mistakes over and over . History repeats . And , it repeats . And , it repeats.Marquez 's man-made bible history tells you that you do not need his or anyone 's written history book to know that pre-historic mothers cried for their future warriors even as they nursed them . Marquez wants you to know that you do n't need a bible or a crystal ball to tell you that tomorrow 's righteous dads will again be sending their brave sons into some bloody conflict somewhere . Everything is known . The past , the present and the future , it 's all known . Marquez lays it out for you in this bible . It 's not an easy read . Despite brilliant uses of ironic humor , despite a masterful use of language -- really more poetry than prose -- , despite the occasional hints of hopefulness , the message comes through loud and clear
 This is not a classic that will challange your mind , but it is more like star wars to movies as this book is to literature . It is not a book to understand as a story -LRB- althougth is a bunch of mixed stories -RRB- , the greastness of this book is that is written in pure instinct . This is something written not by a person , but rather by the tao .
 This is one of the greatest books in all modern literature . I applaud Oprah for bringing it to the attention of North Americans . Thanks to her , this book will get the attention from North Americans that it deserves . It is already well known throughout Latin America.I first read this book when I was a Spanish literature major in college . It was my first introduction to magical realism . I do n't know whether Garcia Marquez originated this style of writing , but he is certainly one of the first . Many authors now copy his style.Garcia Marquez is one of the world 's great writers . And this is one of his best books . While long , it is worth the effort .
 `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' might be analyzed from various standpoints ; political , sociological , historical and literary being the most prominent among them . Politically engaged literature has always been controversial , and it 's much too easy to dismiss an author because of the nature of his political leanings . I do n't deny that M&aacute;rquez , Dostoyevsky , Bulhakov , Kesey and many other authors had a clear vision of the world , a vision they incorporated into their writing . Certainly , the political outlook and national heritage are inseparable from the particular work under consideration - but is that all there is to literature ? I vehemently disagree with that point of view , since novels may be either `` written to order by poor hacks for the consumption of the illiterate '' , to quote Maugham , or they may be universal and timeless - with all shades of gray in-between , where a book stands on its own , more or less , offering us at least something beyond the overwhelming vision . Where does `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' fit into the pattern ? I think it fares considerably well , considering the political burden it carries , messages it conveys . Analyzed within the larger framework of M&aacute;rquez 's literary heritage , the novel offers us quite much , its socialist vision notwithstanding . The times of rebellion and guerilla have passed , the soviet way of thinking , whether political or economical , went bankrupt , rendering the fire of the novel quite bland and naive , I 'd say . Written in the late 60s , `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' offers us a well-written fictional documentary of the emotions and visions polluting Latin America in that decade . I have read quite a few literary accounts of these times , and `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' is the most readable of them all , since the redeeming qualities of this novel reach far beyond the political dimension . Needless to say , M&aacute;rquez is guilty of various sketches of similar tone and nature , short stories and miniatures also dealing with the bankrupt socialist vision . My sound advice would be to skip all these minor works , and treat yourself to this novel , which is rich in many different ways , being as close to universal as M&aacute;rquez could get in that day and age . Many years later , he wrote a delicious novel , `` Of Love and Other Demons '' , which lighter in tone than `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' , calmer , toned down , more humorous , and as deep in the analysis of the Creole society . `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' is a multithreaded family saga of the Buendia family . Abstracting from the political connotations of the novel , I was continuously amused with the particular family tradition the Buendias were fond of . Namely , all their male offspring were christened either Aureliano or Arcadio , and since the novel 's plot stretches well over the century , as the title might suggest , it is indeed increasingly difficult to keep track of which particular Aureliano or Arcadio is guilty of . The generation mix in the innocent reader 's mind , forcing him to go back , and who knows - even make notes ? I am very fond of the Buendia family , I admit I admire M&aacute;rquez 's portrayal of family ties ; the way they evolve in the south , in a region which is so far from anything I have ever known . If you come from the Caribbean or the Latin America , it will all sound familiar , but to the Hyperborean moose it 's fascinating . The southern saga is enchanting because of the distinctive voice of M&aacute;rquez , whose observational skills and his ability to retell the family stories with their atmosphere preserved even under translation - are of the highest order . As much as I disagree with him with respect to his vision and sympathies I have mentioned in the introduction to this review , I give him due credit for the apotheosis of the Latin American tradition and culture . Reading `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' , we grow increasingly attached to the Buendia homestead , mourning along with the author ; mourning the passage of time , the disintegration of family ties , the wretched fate of the homestead , the lost lives of the serial protagonist , as emphasized by the reincarnation of Aureliano and Arcadio . Each generation of Aureliano and Arcadio , if you allow me to use this blatant metaphor , is progressively less attached to the land , to the culture , and increasingly engaged in affairs external to the local village , the cultural roots , as they were . M&aacute;rquez finds himself missing the good old times - and honestly , he ca n't be blamed , as this phenomenon is universal . As different as we are , the nations scattered all over globe , we seem to follow different , divergent paths which nevertheless carry us towards the unknown which is not necessarily better than where we used to be . Indeed.On a personal note , I discovered M&aacute;rquez thanks to one particular relationship I was once involved in . My muse at the time has a great influence on my reading patterns , and despite my enormous reluctance towards Latin American literature , I picked M&aacute;rquez , and since then have devoured his prose to my satisfaction . Weird as it may sound , I associate M&aacute;rquez with winter , with frosted glass of the window , with the puffy bed , where I was hiding from cold , reading M&aacute;rquez , now and then stopping to look outside the window , into the frozen landscape of the city . I feel so , because that was my life , an important moment in it , and thus it 's my own , private M&aacute;rquez , one which I am reluctant to share with others .
 I avoided reading this book for a long time because of people 's claims of how difficult it is . My brother lent it to me and it sat on the shelf for months . With nothing else to read one night I picked it up , and after a few pages was completely absorbed in one of the most passionate , funny and beautiful stories ever written . Even if you 're not a fan of magical realism and do n't know anything about South American cultures -LRB- I was n't and did n't either -RRB- , do n't be put off . The only thing that requires patience is keeping the characters straight , since there are a lot of them and many are named after each other . Otherwise , the writing is simple , and so elegant it 's hard to believe it 's a translation .
 My 24 year old daughter had to read this for college , she raved about it all during the time they reviewed it in class . I have always been an avid reader and decided to give it a shot . It was ... interesting to say the least , a little hard to follow if you have n't read anything deep and introspective . However I loved the story and it was fun to read
 Solitude . This might be a regular word to many people ; just like all the other words they use or know . But to Gabriel Garcia Marquez , the Colombian Nobel Prize Winner , it was an entire novel.The book reflects the author 's life , ideology and perspective towards many important themes in life like the relationship between rich and poor isolated countries . It takes us in a journey of deep excavation for the history of mankind , the status of the human condition and the Latin American continent with its rich mixture of cultures and complicated condition . Each character in the novel stands for something of these things , and the fact that the names are repeated throughout the story indicates that everything is interrelated and spins in one circle.The story covers 100 years and six generations of the Buendia family and the foundation of the imaginary village `` Macondo '' . It 's an entire dynasty beginning with Jose Arcadio Buendia and ending with the death of the last family member born with a pig 's tale.One day Jose Arcadio Buendia , accompanied with his wife Ursual Iguaran who also happens to be his first cousin , decides to desert his society and build an entirely new village calling it Macondo . Such desire was aroused mainly by his sense of guilt for having killed a man once over a cock-fight . In its beginnings , Macondo was a Utopia where no one has grown old and no one has died . There was n't even a graveyard . Yet no sooner does the sins and mistakes of people corrupt it , and the story ends with a wind blowing and destroying the entire city . The writer concludes by saying `` Those who are condemned to one hundred years of solitude have no second chance on earth . `` The concept of apocalypse is significant in many of the works of Marquez like `` Chronicle of a Death Foretold '' . As a writer he 's interested in the end , the end of the world , the end of time , and how people deal with this concept , do they try to foresee it , and how exactly would they behave if they knew when is their end?One of the very important and interesting characters in the book is Aureliano Jose Arcadio Buendia , who was known in a later stage in his life as `` Colonel Aureliano Buendia '' . Aureliano is the first born baby in Macondo . When his young wife , Remedios Moscote , dies , he falls into a deep state of depression and decides to get involved in politics . He soon becomes a revolutionary and an opposition leader who engages in many wars against the conservative system . Colonel Aureliano carries the revolutionary spirit prevalent in the content . He 's just another Che Guevara or Augusto Cesar Sandino . But he does n't die fighting . Soon he loses hope in war too and spends the rest of his life in solitude within the boundaries of his family 's house making gold fishes . Colonel Aureliano is also known for his predictions . He has the ability to foretell many events in the future and told his mother that his father was about to die a few months before his actual death.This moves us to the concept of magic realism . According to Encyclopedia Britannica magic realism is a `` chiefly Latin-American narrative strategy that is characterized by the matter-of-fact inclusion of fantastic or mythical elements into seemingly realistic fiction . '' The Cuban novelist Alejo Carpentier was the first , in the 1940s , to use this strategy after recognizing that it was a special characteristic of much Latin American literature . Other novelists who have also used it are the Brazilian Jorge Amado , the Argentines Jorge Luis Borges and Julio Cortazar , and the Chilean Isabel Allende.Yet this concept does n't apply only in the case of Aureliano , but it rather plays an integral part in the story and in the composition of its characters.Amaranta , for example , Aureliano 's sister , had a prophecy many years before her death telling her that she was going to die the day she finishes making her coffin . `` Remedios the Beauty '' , Jose Arcadio and Ursula 's great-granddaughter , had angels lifting her alive one day into heaven . And Ursula herself lived her entire life making predictions , and her husband had many encounters with the ghost of the man he killed . Melquiades , a gypsy who once gave Jose Arcadio parchments that told the whole story of the Buendia dynasty -LRB- but they never understood them because they were written in Sanskrit -RRB- returned from death many times , as well.It 's important to note that all the members of the Buendia family had an `` air of solitude '' , except for `` Remedios the Beauty '' , and maybe that 's why she miraculously escaped their extermination . Marquez obviously sees solitude as a sin that leads to destruction . He tries to warn people as and lift their attention to the fact that poor countries , like Colombia , might die at the end if they were left alone and their problems were ignored by the rest of the world . Yet the story also notes that too much foreign intervention and technological advancements can also be major sources of corruption . Prostitutes were brought to Macondo for that reason.Another sin that the Buendias committed and which led to their downfall was that of incest . One of Amaranta 's nieces and a great - grand niece both fell for her , but they refused to take any step further fearing that their children might be born with pig tails , as the children of incest usually do . Yet we find the last Aureliano getting deeply into a relationship with his aunt , Amaranta Ursula . They actually do have a son with a pig 's tale , who happens to be the last Buendia.The story ends by Amaranta Ursula dying after giving birth , her baby eaten by ants , and the last Aureliano killed by the fierce wind that destroys the entire village moments after he understands Melquiades parchments -LRB- which told him the destiny he was about to meet -RRB- . In 1982 Garcia Marquez received the Nobel Prize for literature . By that time he had many works published like `` Love in the Time of Cholera '' , `` The General in His Labyrinth '' and `` Of Love and Other Demons '' . Yet `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' continues to be his masterpiece and one of the greatest -LRB- if not the greatest -RRB- novels written in Latin America .
 I tend to run away from any book that Oprah recommends . I mean I love her but if she recommends a book it suddenly turns into a piece of mass consumption and ceases to be a true piece of literature . In fact , it is fairly upsetting that the reason this book is now being read by `` the masses '' -LRB- I am using another reviewer 's words here -RRB- is because Oprah suggested so.With that said , this book is magnificient . I read it five years ago in English and am about to read it in Spanish . As a Spanish Speaker I can gurantee that the translation is by far the best translation I have encountered in books to this day.This book / can / be a hard read for people not familiar with magical realism or Marquez at all -LRB- and his circular writing style -RRB- . If you are looking for an easy read this is not it . If you are looking for a rich , beautifully crafted piece of literature then get the book.Still unsure ? Do a quick search online for the book and you will find the countless awards this book received -LRB- not to mention the fact that Marquez won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1982 -RRB- . It is often listed on the best books of the 20th century.I was sad when the book ended and have reread it since .
 At one level , this book is about the Buendia family , a not-so-typical Columbian family whose members share confusingly similar names and who have many strange/magical things happen to them . Read in this way , the book will not fail to grip and entertain the reader.While one can never know the author 's true intentions in writing such a masterpiece , I read this book as an allegory of something much larger . Garcia-Marquez 's description of the fascinating rise and fall of the Buendia family seemed to serve as a mere microcosm of humanity , describing and predicting the the rise and fall of humankind . Read this way , the book had a powerful and moving effect on me , symbolizing love , war , peace , remembrance , time , joy , pain , and a plethora of other emotions beyond my ability to characterize.Although Garcia-Marquez 's magical realism genre is vastly different than the realism of Mel Gibson 's Braveheart , I found it strange and exciting that both were rare in their ability to involuntarily elicit and take control over the entire gambit of my emotions , tying me up in the author 's / director 's passenger seat to go along for the ride of a lifetime . For this alone , it was worth the read.Highly recommended .
 It 's very difficult to describe `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' . On a very basic level it is the story of the Buend&iacute;a family from the time they found the city of Macondo to ... well , that would give the story away too much , but let 's say it chronicles the rise and fall of the town and the family.Like with most great books , however , the story is of minor importance . What we get from this book is wonderful , vibrant , characters - individual , but at the same time , so alike . One of the overwhelming themes in the book , and it 's commented on explicitly , is the circle of life . We see the same patterns repeated throughout the generations - literary techniques like the use of the same or similar names for various characters reinforce this.The book also gives us an insight into the politics of the times - and , perhaps of today . In the story a series of wars breaks out between the ruling conservatives and the opposition liberals . These wars , in which one of the great characters of the book , Colonel Aureliano Buend&iacute;a , plays an instrumental role end as the liberals become more and more like the conservatives they despise.One of the greatest influences on Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's writing was , apparently , his grandmother who used to mix completely fantastical elements into her story with a total belief in their reality . This same device - though I doubt his grandmother considered it that - is used throughout One Hundred Years of Solitude . Women aged over 145 are commonplace ; mysterious gypsies with magical powers are revered ; ghosts naturally inhabit the house and interact with the family . The theme of myth and reality is enhanced by the way the villagers trust the gypsie 's magic more than modern inventions and the way that events and entire characters in the story become legend by the end of it . `` What is truth ? '' we ask ourselves.The language used in the book is beautiful ; I wish that I had the ability to read it in the native Spanish but I have the impression that the majority of it carries through . Reading the book I was often reminded of Toni Morrisson 's Beloved which has similarly beautiful language mixed with themes of family , magic and ghosts too . Some of the themes can be disturbing - incest , near rape , trophy women , etc. are dealt with in a very real way.Finally , if you are at all interested in reading one of the greatest books of literature , you must read this book .
 I am fascinated by the Mystical Realism with which Marquez uses to absorb his readers and keep them reading at a frenetic pace because they simply can not put this gem of a read down ! This book is wonderful , to say the least . I 'm honored to read such a heart-felt magical exploration of the Buendias family and the subsequent growth of their village into modernization by invention and exposure to cultures other than their own . It is impossible , really , to define what this story is ABOUT in a paragraph or so ... there are twists and turns and vivid accounts of nothing in particular ; but you wo n't be sorry you bought this book . I am co-moderator of a book club and our group raved about this book from cover to cover . If you want to be a well-rounded reader , than you must have a copy of this book on your shelf . Its more than just significant , it 's a treasure .
 If readers want to read one novel that is the likely choice as Novel of the 20th Century -LRB- ludicrous thought as that seems -RRB- , I strongly recommend `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' by Gabriel Garcia Marquez.Great fiction removes our usual methods of perceiving the world , bringing us a revised code of insight , understanding and comprehension.This novel has that transformative quality . The English translation from the original Spanish by Gregory Rabassa is also , in its own right , a classic of its kind.What readers want _ human insight , distilled reflection on the patterns of history , careful language _ are delivered in a magical , powerful way in this book . I have to add , personally , that this novel can be offputting at first . It took me 70 pages before the hook in my brain was completely set . From that point on , I was addicted to Marquez 's prose.I 'm about to read the book for the third time this spring .
 I began this book before I heard that it was to be on Oprah 's Book Club . I have to say that I am very delighted that it is on her list . I can understand the general population not getting into this book . It is strange , but within that lies the essence of the story . It has no purpose , no meaning , no lesson . It is just meant to be read and enjoyed . His `` magical realism '' is that of telling absolutely absurd events in the most practical of ways . And it adds such passion and heart and childlike sympathy that there was nothing else I could do but love it . Give this book a chance . All it needs from you is an open heart and mind . Expect to be taken on a journey deep into the mystical heart of Macondo and the solitary heart of the Buendias .
 `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' is Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's masterpiece , the one novel he was born to write . Having said that , do n't fool yourself by thinking that the book is an easy read , because it is not ! At least it is not an easy read to begin with , but hang in there - it is evidently worth the struggle ! Make sure that you get an edition that has a family tree of the Buend&iacute;a family in front of the book . Ear-dog that page , as you will use it repeatedly while working your way through this book . I mean , how many Jos&eacute;s , Aurelianos , or Remedios can you possibly remember and/or distinguish between ? `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' is the story of the small village ` Macondo ' hidden the jungle of Colombia . Jos&eacute; Arcadio Buend&iacute;a was the founder of this village , and it is the story of him and his family that keeps you spellbound through the 400 + pages . After finishing this book you will understand why Garcia Marques won the Nobel Prize.This is one of my all time favorite books . I have read it twice , and I am currently reading the book in its original language.I could n't recommend it more highly . A great read !
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's One Hundred Years of Solitude is an enchanting and engaging read that chronicles the lives of the Buendia family . The lively and eccentric characters like Jose Arcadio Buendia , the patriarch of the family , whose pursuits include getting a daguerreotype of God will make you laugh and make you think . Humorous incidents abound , including a supposed insomnia plague which causes the town to label every item in their house including the cow . Marquez 's style is intoxicating and with every word he challenges the limits of reality and unearths the magical aspects of daily life . When Marquez describes carpets laden down with passengers flying through the air you simply accept an obviously impossible act as truth . The novel 's length is somewhat daunting but very accessible . I would recommend this novel for anyone who enjoys fantasy or has an interest in Latin American culture . As the title suggests each character has his/her own private battle regarding the amount of solitude which is necessary and beneficial and amount that is overwhelming and debilitating . Sometimes the character 's actions , like Rebecca eating earth and whitewash , seem absurd but Marquez always keeps in mind the nature of humanity and its varying inclinations . This novel won both the Nobel Prize and my admiration .
 Vargas LLosa , another great writer , said once that the novelist is a God-killer , who creates and manipulates his own world . Perhaps the finest example of this truth is this novel by Garcia Marquez . A metaphor of Colombia 's history it may be , but that interpretation would be excessively narrow . Garcia Marquez creates a world with its own physical rules , its own gods and its own destiny . It traces the story of the Buendia family and Macondo , the town they founded and that will exist as long as the lineage exists . Of course , this is a thoroughly unpredictable novel , precisely because it does not follow the rules of the world we live in . The characters are complex but they are archetypical . Another revieweer correctly described the categories and personalities of women and men , and of the people sharing a particular name . This novel prompted the surge of `` magical realism '' and modern Latin American literature . Unfortunately although predictably , many bad imitations have followed , like the very bad `` Like water for chocolate '' . Do n't read imitations , come to the real thing where unbelievable events happen without ever becoming corky.The novel has biblical aspirations , and I could feel that throughout it all . It will rain for forty years ; a man will stay enclosed in his room for years ; a blood stain will wander the town . Extremely well written , it is a demandind text , not to be read while answering phone calls . Its beauty remains unsurpassed in its genre . It is perfectly woven and tightly knit , and it will stay with you for ever .
 How many Aurelianos , Arcadios , Joses and Buendias can one remember ? How many civil wars can our countries suffer without autodestroying itselves ? How many years have to go by before we understand who we are , what we are doing and how do we fit into a master plan?Well , Garcia Marquez discovered it
 I truly can not remember the last time I have read something so imaginitive and insightful . While this book is sure to make you laugh , the wisdom imparted through hysterical and fantastic happenings is almost chilling at times . This book reminds me of Voltaire 's `` Candide , '' in that it takes a satirical tone towards the human race . A piece of advice
 I am only sixteen years old and i just finished reading One Hundred Years of Solitude and in order to understand and enjoy this book you need to know a bit of background history of Colombia during their Thousand Day War . It is not necessary to be of Hispanic descent in order to enjoy this novel as many people think and although many people also say that this book has no meaning they need to learn to read in between the lines . The theme of this novel is to prove that history repeats itself .
 I already wrote a review for this book ; however , I would like to correct those that are criticizing this book with erroneous information . First of all , unlike the Pulitzer , the Nobel prize for literature is handed to an author on the merits of his or her entire body of work , so please stop complaining about how you ca n't believe this book won the Nobel because it did n't
 I do n't know what an average reader like me can say about this marvelous epic , but I love this book so much I feel compelled , as far as I am able , to give my thoughts about it.One Hundred Years of Solitude is , without a doubt , the greatest of all Latin American novels . It is also the most captivating and masterful modern epic ever told . And it is an epic ; it details the history of a people , in this case , the Buendias , the most important and influential family in Macondo . In fact , the Buendias serve as a metaphor for the development of Latin America since its independence . The book follows the Buendias through the founding , development and decay of their settlement in the jungle . Readers with some knowledge of Latin American history will easily recognize the development of Colombia in the book . The civil wars in the novel parallel the civil wars in Colombia from 1885-1902 , and Colonel Aureliano can be seen as modeled after General Rafael Uribe Uribe . In fact , Gabriel Garcia Marquez ' grandfather , himself , fought under Uribe . A knowledge of Latin American politics , however , is not necessary to enjoy and love this wonderful book . In fact , many readers see no political implications in the book.There is a wonderful mix of the comic and the melancholy in this story . We meet characters who do the most delightful , or the most absurd things , and yet there is an undeniable strain of futility and sadness that runs throughout the entire book . Macondo is definitely a magical place and early in the book we come to expect the unexpected , to expect to be surprised , to accept the unbelievable . In fact , we have to ask ourselves if Macondo is real or if it is just a state of mind . Perhaps it is both . It is this intermingling of the factual and the fantastic that , to me , makes this book so special and marks Garcia Marquez ' genius . The Buendia men , especially , are in possession of truly fecund imaginations and they use them in the most disconcerting ways.For all the wonder and beauty and fantasy in this story , this is ultimately a sad and tragic book . It deals , after all , with the failure of a town and its people , people who despite their amazing vitality and wit , are each immersed in a solitude from which they find it impossible to extricate themselves.If one looks closely at the Buendias , he can see that most symbolize a particular historical period . The founder of Macondo and patriarch of the family , Jose Arcadio , is a true Renaissance man . His son , Aureliano is a legendary military leader . Aureliano Segundo becomes a sort-of farmer while his twin brother , Jose Arcadio Segundo becomes a radical labor leader.The Buendias , however , seem to live their lives in a circular fashion . Their personalities constantly repeat the personalities of earlier generations and this repetition often has much to do with the name a child is given . The Aurelianos are all quiet and withdrawn , but prone to success , while the Jose Arcadios are energetic and enterprising but seemingly doomed to failure.One Hundred Years of Solitude , however , is not a psychological novel . All of the characters are rather two-dimensional and serve to carry out thematic points . The men are obsessive , intelligent and energetic . The Aurelianos are involved with ambition , while the Jose Arcadios are filled with earthy passion . Among the women , the Ursulas are stern while the Remedios are eternally immature . But , while the men are dreamers , the women remain anchored in reality . This may be a small part of Garcia Marquez ' view of life in Latin America.The Buendia men have everything needed to be happy and successful and yet each ultimately fails , withdrawing into a frustrated loneliness or solitude , but not just any solitude . The Buendia men choose to be solitary , rather than having solitariness imposed upon them , they choose to accept the ultimate futility of their lives , and they know this solitude will be repeated in future generations.Some readers have said they can not keep all the characters straight and the Buendia family tree is a twisted one , indeed . In fact , the final generation of Buendias really ca n't figure out where they stand in relation to each other and to their ancestors . This alone should tell us that Macondo is fated to end.On the surface , Macondo is fated to die when someone deciphers Melquiades ' -LRB- the gypsy 's -RRB- manuscript and learns the full history of Macondo . In reality , Macondo dies because its inhabitants simply do n't choose to continue . Instead , they choose fantasy , solitude and a withdrawal from life . A piece of Macondo , and thus a shred of hope , does survive however , when the author , himself , takes the advice of the Catalan bookseller and leaves the town before its destruction . Thus , there does exist an ongoing testimony of the life that had been lived there . And what book does Garcia Marquez escape with ? A volume of Rabelais , one the world 's greatest comic geniuses . Perhaps , in this enigmatic ending , Garcia Marquez is telling all Latin Americans to be different from the Buendias , to learn to laugh at themselves , to learn from their mistakes , to be amenable to change and to stop repeating destructive patterns .
 i felt i had to put my two cents in . I read this book several years ago and still remember the magical way the story unfolded . Do Not Miss Out . You will long remember a place and people who existed in Gabe 's wonderful imagination . The book is a rare gift of words .
 As one who spent some years working on drilling rigs in Colombian jungles , in fact , was married in Bogota in 1949 , who has also dipped into the original `` Cien anos de soledad , '' I regret not to share the general enthusiasm for Garcia Marquez 's novel.This does not owe to some curmudgeonly perversity nor was I put off by the supposed difficulties of the book -LRB- Joyce and Proust were great discoveries of my youth -RRB- ; rather I found the story not especially entertaining . Neither was I enlightened.Try as I might , I kept putting the book aside and reaching for something more readable , Nero Wolfe perhaps or even the TV remote.The construct of the story , a too-complex tapestry , rambling and often wordy to no purpose , seemed especially designed to flag my attention . So the book has remained half read.Nonetheless I rate the book a strong Seven because I feel I 'm probably wrong on this one . Too many friends whose opinions I admire differ with me . And I take into account the fact that I 'm the only one I know who has never liked San Francisco .
 This is the most wonderful , imaginative , seductively and creatively written book I have ever read . I have since read it again and again and have never had the same emotions twice . I appreciated his use of Latin American myths as reality while intertwining it with seduction and complex relationships . It made the writing so rich and full of color . I could picture each detail in my head and almost smell and hear events as they unfolded.To those who can not decipher this book ... then you are not reading it with your imagination and with your soul . True the writing is not traditional but it is so rich and full of descriptive characters that the narrative style contributes to understanding the story.I can not express enough how much this book has influenced me to read and enjoy Marquez 's writing . Since reading this book , I have read each of the books that have been translated into English .
 I still do not know why I love this book so much but I do ! When I started reading I could not stop and read it overnight : -RRB-
 As a college age , pseudo-intellectual I was absolutely blown away by this book . I would highly recommend it to anyone who knows how to read , enjoys reading , or wants to look smart while hollowing it out as a hiding place for their liquor .
 Have always wanted to read this book but just finally got around to it . Definitely his best book and absolutely a classic . Top 10 best books of all time . Everyone should read it at least once in their life !
 Recently in my college English class we were discussing books that we read in high school . My professor asked us to list the ones that we hated on the board and someone listed `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' . Many people agreed with her , but I must say I do not . I absolutely loved this book ! I actually was not required to read it in high school , I was learning Spanish at the time and was looking for a book with elements of Spanish culture . It is long , and drawn out , and confusing and that is what makes it amazing . After finishing it I felt like I had lived it instead of reading it . I highly recommend it . If you are required to read this book in school give it a chance before you toss it aside because it is long , or it looks boring . It takes some time in the beginning to get into it but once you do , if you go into it with an open mind , you will not regret it .
 This just may be the most influential novel of the past fifty years , imitated by hosts of other writers . For instance , I was just watching ANGELS IN AMERICA on HBO , and this play would have been inconceivable without Marquez 's novel . Magical Realism has become part and parcel of world literature , and it has effected every corner of the world . It has been widely read in the Arab speaking world , in Japan , and during the days of the Soviet Union people used to pass around cassettes of someone reading a Russian translation . Truly a book that belongs not merely to Mexico -LRB- he is Columbian , but wrote the book while living in Mexico City -RRB- but to the world .
 When you finish this book , you will have a feeling that you have just read something very important , a `` great novel '' , but you will be at a loss to recall what was so meaningful about the book . This is the curious effect of Garcia Marquez ' writing style . Garcia Marquez learned to write by imitating many of Western culture 's `` key '' texts -LRB- the Bible , Rabelais , Faulkner , the 18th century English novelists , etc -RRB- , and the influence of these texts shows very strongly.From the Bible and from Rabelais -LRB- and presumably from his grandmother and other small town story tellers he listened to as a child -RRB- Garcia learned how to narrate through lists and how to use hyperbole to unsettle the reader . The results are humorous , and as we read Garcia , texts like the Bible echo and resonate in the back of our minds , without being identified consciously . Because of this stylistic quality , the words `` biblical '' and `` rabelaisian '' have been used many times to describe this book.Another fascinating aspect of Garcia 's style is the ruptures between the time of events narrated and the time of narrative . Someone well-versed in Gerard Genette 's `` Narrative Discourse '' could have a field-day picking apart all of the ways in which Garcia uses normal narrative to create multiple threads of story which wont get resolved for many pages . There is very little dialogue in this novel , because there is a compactness of time which is necessary to cover so many years and so many generations of narrative succintly . Because of the games played with narrative time , this book has been called `` post-modern . `` But the most talked about stylistic feature of the book is Garcia 's `` magic realism '' , a term invented by readers who could n't quite identify explicitly what it was about the novel that made it seem so curiously exagerated yet realistic at the same time . A careful reading , and you will discover that there is nothing `` realist '' in the 19th century sense of the word about this narrative . Without dialogue , our entire notion of the story is colored by the narrator and what the narrator shares with us . This is an anti-Hemingway `` all-telling , no showing '' narrative with a curious result . Time and again our emotional reactions to the events are dictated by the third person narrator 's suspiciously subjective adjectives and omniscience into the minds of characters . We are told that so - & - so was astonished upon seeing X or that the inventions brought by the gypsies were amazing . The world described in this book is heavy with words like `` incredible '' , `` amazing '' , `` inexpicable '' , `` astonishing '' ... you get the idea . Eventually you are lulled into letting the narrator dictate your emotional responses to the events described , rather than formulating your own response to such events . The narrator tells you someone thought something was marvilous , and it seems so to you , the reader . Pehaps this is always the case with reading . In this case it is more pronounced than normal since the narrator 's vision is marked by naivete , superstition , and a child-like pre-rational amazement with all things possible and impossible in this world . Such innocence is infectious . The result , you too will feel something strangely magical about the seemingly matter-of-fact world the narrator describes.But beyond the top-quality narrative brilliance of this novel , thanks to Faulkner Garcia has created a mythical Latin American `` everyplace '' located in no easily identifiable country . Although Garcia does n't set the story in any real setting , the local-color element of this story is impressive . Because Macondo , the setting of the story , is nowhere in Latin America , Macondo is , in a sense , everywhere in Latin America . That , perhaps , more than Garcia 's delightful `` magic realist '' narrative playfulness , is what makes this novel truly the quintesential Latin American narrative of the 20the century .
 I read this book about six months ago -LRB- before Oprah added it to her book club -RRB- , and I was very impressed . I 'm a fairly slow reader , so the book took me about three weeks to read , but that is by no means a bad thing ! For those three weeks I was completely absorbed in Marquez 's world - I 'd be driving down the road thinking of Macondo and the people in it ! It 's easilly one of my favorite books , but i 'll admit there are parts that seem to drag on a little . What bothers me is that people are giving the book bad ratings for it being `` depressing . '' Sure , sad things happen in the book , generations die , new ones are born and eventually they die . Tragic love stories seem to be almost a dime a dozen in this book , major characters can unexpectedly die in a single paragraph . But even through all this I do n't think the book should be categorized as depressing . It 's trying to make a point about our lives in a very general way . Time repeats , generations make the same mistakes of their ancestors , and in a sense everything is the same old story . Ever know a person that you could go up to in six months and you 'd know their story would n't change much - they 'd still have car problems , family problems , the same job problems , hate the same people , etc etc. . Things do seem to repeat in this world just like in the book . And One Hundred Years of Solitude has a lot to say about that , though not directly -LRB- you have to pull out your own meaning -RRB- . The theme of solitude also runs parallel to the repetition . The town is isolated from the rest of the country -LRB- for a long time they thought they were almost surrounded by water -RRB- . The Buendia 's -LRB- the family in the book -RRB- are isolated from the rest of the town in many ways -LRB- there 's even a lot of incest -RRB- . The individual people even isolate themselves upon failure - and inevitably it is this solitude that causes things to never change and causes these people to die in such a depressing way . So , if anything , this book is uplifting in its message to break the cycle.It 's one of those books that I liked but did n't love until it was completely done -LRB- the last paragraph and sentence seemed to almost make the whole book -RRB- . It seemed to all hit me in the end and let me see what a tragedy had really happened , but still in a very uplifting way . I recommend this book to anyone that 's willing to be challenged and has some time to invest . Maybe the cycle will be broken and things wo n't be the same old story for you anymore !
 Before reading this book , I had never realized that a book could be a piece of art as easily as a painting . This book is akin to beauty bound in pages , it is utterly amazing . I personally do not understand why people say it is difficult to understand and even more difficult to get through . I could n't put it down , it simple spoke to me . Rules to follow while reading this
 I started this book on a family vacation in Panama . Granted , Panama is not Colombia , but it used to be.Regardless where you read this book , if you set out with the preconcieved expectation of an easily cut apart , straightforward family tree , you 'll be disappointed . This book is not about how nicely the family unfolds ; it 's about the special moments that , when you read them , send chills up your spine and rekindle your faith in the novel . This is easily the best book that I have read in several years . It contains moments where Garcia Marquez 's prose , unassuming and unremarkable at times , shimmers with this vibrant precision that fills you with awe.I do n't think this book is for everyone , but give it a chance and read more than the first 100 pages . Look for the butterflies and yellow flower petals .
 Absolutely amazing book , among the best I 've ever read . Sensual , magical , extraordinary story about one hundred years in the life of one family . Has been compared in impact to the Bible and I agree .
 For all the people that rated this book les than 4 stars
 Let me first say
 Clear , cut , and simple
 Once you get past the expenses , there are true advantages to having children in college . You have these `` agents '' loose in literature classes , scouting out books you may have never thought you 'd like or may never have read otherwise . `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' was one of those books . Several months ago , my son David urged me to read Salman Rushdie 's `` Midnight 's Children '' . I did , and I loved it . So , for Christmas , he gave me `` One Hundred years of Solitude '' , with the recommendation that it was very much like `` Midnight 's Children '' . Once again , the kid was right . Like Rushdie , I just assumed that Gabriel Garcia Marquez was too `` literary '' for a fantasy and SF reader like myself , who reads for enjoyment , not to -LRB- Heaven forbid ! -RRB- learn anything . Once again , I was pleasantly surprised . Like Rushdie , Garcia Marquez is far more accessible , far funnier , and far more entertaining than I expected . Even though I know nothing about the history of Colombia , I was still able to enjoy this book immensely , just on the surface level of a history of Macondo and the Bueneida family . And what a family it is !! I 'm almost ashamed to admit that I say way too many members of my own family in there ... I will admit , that like other readers , the constant reuse of names periodically confused me and I was most grateful for the family tree printed in front of the book . But , this reuse was somewhat central to the story , the `` the more things change , the more they stay the same '' syndrome . As a fan of fantasy , I was able to take the `` magic realism '' in stride and enjoy it . All in all , this was a great read and a great book.Once again I thank my son David and look forward to reading more Garcia Marquez as well as more Rushdie . I 'm glad to know his education dollars are being well spent .
 This book was written in a truly unique style , with the author often revealing what happens in the future first , and then going on to explain the plot and events that happen up until the revealed moment . The story is about a South American town called Macondo and the family that founded it . The book has a very mystical feel and is constantly entertaining . Would highly recommend .
 Maybe G.G. Marquez 's style is a little bit confusing . Nonetheless , this novel is a lot less confusing in style than , let 's say The Autumn of the Patriarch by the same writer or `` Christ versus Arizona '' by Camilo Jose Cela . Indeed , it 's easy to get tangled in so many Jose Arcadios and Aurelianos , but this is really a great story . His finesse , the metaphors and symbols he uses , the images the paints , all those lonely souls that inhabit this book , even the absurd that is to be found in this book , all of them combine together and form something really great . Something that is worth your time .
 I 've recently started searching for my copy of this -- I know it 's somewhere -- because it really does need to be read again and again . I loved this book .
 What is it that gives One Hundred Years of Solitude its critical acclaim , where many high mimetic fantasies go unrecognized ? This book kept me delightfully shocked and appalled with its depravity and bleakness , but what makes it more ` literary ' and likely to be studied in a high school English class then the charming tale of a wizard going off to defeat his arch-enemy ? Is fantasy silly and childish ? Because the Buendia family is reminiscent of a never-ending chain of eight-year-olds playing in a sandbox and fighting like savages over whatever their hearts desire . Harry Potter is more mature than Jose Arcadio . This is the story of the lost boys never growing up , but in this story their bodies mature and they have adult desires that they gratify however they can.Is realism just more literary than magic ? What about the striking contrast between the verisimilitude of Maconda and the sudden appearance of magical phenomena ? One Hundred Years of Solitude is deliberate , artistic and crafty , but it is also ridiculous , over-the-top and at times childish . It really speaks to the human condition that this kind of debauchery is what we value over an imaginative epic of good versus evil.By the way , One Hundred Years of Solitude was a great read . It deserves every bit of positive critical acclaim it has received . It 's incredibly engrossing and just taps into the darkness in humanity that we love to watch from afar .
 Whenver I open a novel and find a geneological chart , I 'm daunted -- particularly when all the characters ' names begin with the letter `` A '' or `` R '' and repeat in various combinations of the same name . Yes , you have to lace on your literary running shoes to make your way through this novel , but the read is sumptous and well worth the mental focus required . One of my favorite books of all time from the Master , who also gave us `` Love in the Time of Cholera '' -- another treasured work in my trove .
 I 'd never read anything like this book before . Never even thought about almond trees until this book had me imagining it 's smell . Although I was a bit biased at first this book opened me up to a whole new kind of prose . Needless to say this book had me reading every Marquez novel I could find .
 `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' by Gabriel Garcia Marquez is my all time favorite book . It is a brilliant showcase for Marquez 's powerful imagination and genius for storytelling . I wo n't go into any plot details because I believe this is the kind of book that needs to be experienced instead of explained . I will say , however , that I responded on a deep level to the vivid language and emotionalism of this novel . Marquez literally paints pictures with words , creating a story that is both comic and tragic , romantic and heartbreaking , surreal and earthy . Marquez 's voice is articulate as well as accessible , making it seem as if were are sitting down to hear a family patriarch tell a colorful fairy tale . There is a great deal of symbolism and fantasy in this book , but the main running theme throughout is - as you may have guessed from the title - solitude . Despite the novel 's surrealism , the heart of the novel is something any human being can relate to . All of the individual characters -LRB- and there are a myriad of them -RRB- deal with some form of loneliness at certain points . The Buendia family is often described as possessing a solitary gene , and while some of them are forced to face life alone through adverse circumstances , others choose solitude because of a sense of alienation , loss , or insecurity . The Buendia family spend most of their time together yet , as Ursula tragically points out at one point , none of them truly understand each other . `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' is famed for being a part of the magical realism canon , but I believe the true gift of this novel is that its a beautiful , stirring , complex portrait of family and the existential loneliness of the human condition .
 I have just started reading this book , but already I love the language of Gabriel Garcia Marquez . It 's like you can see , feel & smell everything . Looking forward to many evenings in bed reading this book . It 's not one that you want to rush .
 This is probably one of the best books I 've read in a very long time . It was my favorite several years ago , and I recently bought a new copy . I 've read it several times ; it never gets old . I have heard in the past that the storyline can be very confusing at times , but I did n't have a problem with following along . His style is very unique ; it seems disjointed and jumbled at first glance , but as the reader continues everything falls into place.The imagery and metaphoric language throughout was especially fantastic . Gabriel Garcia Marquez has a way with words that makes you think . His use of magical realism is flawless . The book creates impossible situations throughout that for some reason seem plausible in relation to what is happening in the story . Some sentences are incredibly simple , and others may make you go back and reread . Magical realism can be very difficult to incorporate in a work of fiction properly , and I believe he has both produced a wonderful work of art and great instruction on how to do so in one sitting.If you 've never read this book before , you owe it to yourself -LRB- if you 're an avid reader -RRB- to check it out . Chances are very good you 'll be glad you did .
 A complete literacy masterpiece ! I had been meaning to read 100 years of solitude for over 7 years but never found the time to do so until now and the book did not disappoint ! Gabriel Garcia Marquez painted a whole society with his beautiful breathtaking descriptions of the town Mocondo . I loved the characters from the Buendia family and other fond myself laughing and other times pausing to contemplate his points on life through the actions of some of the characters . There is a little of everything for everyone in this book ! Highly recommended !
 I know there are people who make a fulltime job of analyzing and intellectualizing Marquez but rather than impress anyone with what a smartypants I think I am , I 'm just going to give you my opinion of this book as a regular reader.I finished the novel over the course of a few months . Whenever I picked it up , I found it absorbing , and engaging but it was n't by any means a page turner . Everytime I put it down for a period of time , when I picked it up again I had to flip back to the front to remember who I was reading about.It is an epic book wherein just about all the different characters have the same name.If you were just reading it for amusement , you 've got to let go of the pesky anal urge we have to want to know exactly what is going on and just take it in pieces and trust that intuitively it will all fall in place in the end.It does . I think the Buendia family saga is really a protracted metaphor for the development of Western civilization.Trust the book . If you want to take it apart and study it , I suggest waiting to try and do that on the second read . Someday , I 'll probably go back and read it again which means I must have liked it.And so , I recommend the book .
 This book is in interesting look at several generations of one family . It has humor , romance , sex , drama , and action all in one . There are many characters , but Garcia manages to let the reader get to know all of them . Great book .
 One Hundred Years of Solitude tells the story of the rise and fall , birth and death , and vicissitudes of the town of Macondo through the history of the Buendia family . Detached and matter-of-fact , the narrative serenely unveils the happenings around the Buendia house and its prolific generations , filled with unforgettable characters . For some readers the novel might flow somewhat uneventfully and convey a breath of aridness - do n't give up because after about a hundred pages or so Garcia Marquez has delineated a clairvoyant tapestry of human emotions , all types of solitude , love , and bitterness that accentuate struggles of townspeople and members of the Buendia family to the fullest actuality.Reading the book , it seems , at times , as if I 'm travelling through still photographs . Life of the Macondians , as well as the Buendias , one after another generation , as it always was , fixed in its frame , just there at just that time . In a big picture , Macondo had been a prosperous place and well on its way until it was disordered , corrupted , and suppressed by the banana company , whose engineers brought on the deluge as a pretext to avoid promises made to the local workers . At the core of the novel are those who were caught up in the upheaval that unfortunately turned into a massacre killing 3000 people.The novel is beautifully written , with the author 's attending to the minutest details and nuances . A recurring theme is that solitude had made -LRB- in many of the characters , men and women -RRB- a selection of their memory and had burned the dimming piles of nostalgic waste that life had accumulated in their heart , and thus had purified , magnified , and eternalized the others . People relapsed into intransigent solitude though they all live within a huge family under the same roof . As family members advanced in their years , they made detailed recapitulation -LRB- or brought to realization -RRB- of life in the house and completely changed the opinion they had held of their descendants and siblings.One Hundred Years of Solitude is a complicated analysis of human emotions and struggles through the decadence of a mythical town and its pillar family . The book evokes such clairvoyance as it scrupulously examines the most insignificant happenings and truths in a family that members of which did not see . The novel exposes to the full human flaws
 I am a reader of Non - Fiction , especially anything related to courageous real life stories and this book , ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE fits the bill . It is honest , at times captivating and very difficult to put down until you have finished reading it . I can understand why this was an Oprah pick as it is so poignant in detail . -LRB- ... -RRB- All amazing and well written memoirs in thier own rights .
 After reading Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's masterpiece , One Hundred Years of Solitude , I am entertained and also feel sad by its comic style of tragedy . In the book reveal a history of Buendia family of Macondo , which is founded by Jose Arcodio and destructed by a predicted wind while Aureliano was deciphering the parchment written by a mysterious gipsy , Malquiades . This book did not inspire me the view of creation to destruction of the human race though many book reviews mentioned it before I began reading this novel . What I felt after reading it is human being destine to solitude . No matter young or old , no one can escape from the fate to be alone . Despite of the serious concept of this novel , it indeed a fun-read book , a page-tuner , a time killer , and also a book that you can devote great deal of time to decipher it as if we are members of Buendias who are trying to interpret Malquiades 's parchment .
 Marquez should be applauded for this work of magic realism that still had a very humanistic quality to it . Do n't be afraid of the the length of this book , because it 's never dull , and ends beautifully . The characters in this book can not be forgotten , and the events range from tragic to joyous and absurd . I have read other Marquez novels and this one has been my favorite .
 I must admit , I could n't believe Oprah chose this book in her book club . I work part-time at a bookstore and have recommended this book for years to naive readers that wanted to broaden their horizons . What can I say about Mr. Marquez - one of my favorite novelists of all time - but appreciate his genious for wonderfully descriptive and colorful narrative that borders on the surreal with reality . Although one hundred years is my second favorite by Marquez , `` Love in the time of cholera '' is my favorite , no other writer in recent history has made me cry and laugh hysterically over a narrative . Reading one of his sentences is like , how shall I say , viewing a painting by an impressionistic great . It conjures colorful visions that are dreamlike on the surface but is so real in emotion underneath . In tradition with the history of supernatural that permeates throughout latin american history and storytelling , this novel is full of spirits , the unexpected and the impossible . I 've told many Oprah worshippers to take their time and be imaginative at the bookstore . It 's great to see people being exposed to great art , even if does require someone like Oprah to be a catalyst . For those who love this book , give Love in the time of Cholera a try , it 's one my personal favorites and definitely THE choice from Mr. Marquez . Enjoy !!!
 I 'm in the middle of re-reading `` Cien Anos '' for the fourth or fifth time . I have it filed away in my head under the label `` best book ever , '' but , even so , each time I pick it up , I am surprised at how much I enjoy it . Sorry to say , the reviewers on this board who criticize this book as boring or depressing are illiterate morons who should go back to reading Nora Roberts and procreating with their kin . The criticism that it 's not a `` page turner '' is unfathomable -- I could n't put it down the first time I read it , and that carries through to this day . For those of you who get confused by the names -- there 's a family tree in the front of the book ! Stick a bookmark in that page , and consult it when you get confused . This is n't rocket science .
 This is my all-time favorite novel and one of the great masterpieces of world literature . This work , more than any other , is what brought Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez the Nobel Prize.Having read some of the other reader reviews , let me point out that those who have never lived in Latin America or experienced a foreign culture may find this a difficult read . The novel can be more easily understood by anyone who has actually spent time in Latin America -LRB- no , spring break in Canc&uacute;n does not count -RRB- . I read this book in the original Spanish -LRB- if you know Spanish , do n't bother with any translations -RRB- in 1985 and could not put it down . I almost did n't want the book to end ! What some reviewers have clearly failed to realize is that the story of Macondo is an allegory for the history of Latin America.Enter a land where magic happens on a daily basis , where the improbable is routine . This could be Anytown , Am&eacute;rica Latina . Are the fanciful events of Macondo so truly difficult to accept ? When the Buend&iacute;a patriarch dies , it rains flowers ... . In the minds of many Latin Americans , such an idea is not at all preposterous . Among the surreal yet not inconceivable characters are a woman who floats into the heavens , a boy who automatically knows that the tea his identical twin is drinking has no sugar , a ghost unable to quench his thirst for water , and a man who for some reason speaks Latin when he sleeps . Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez 's description of the arrival of the `` gringos '' and their `` discovery '' of the local , exotic fruit -- the banana -- is both hilarious and sadly real . Although I am not a fan of the author 's politics , anyone who knows history will agree that it 's not hard to understand the Latin perception that exploitative foreign fruit companies helped create the `` banana republics . `` This is a novel to cherish and savor . Linger over the breathtaking prose and the vivid descriptions of fantastic events . This is Latin American magical realism at its best .
 From my first sessions reading this book I was struck by how the magical things that happened in Macondo and it 's surrounding areas were described as if they were no stranger than the every day tasks of the characters involved . By nature of Marquez 's story telling style beautiful women ascending to the heavens , gypsies on magic carpets , and a man 's prophetic visions of his death seem almost less wonderous than Macondo 's introduction to many technologies that we consider so commonplace -LRB- locomotives , telephones , ice -RRB- . The characters run the gamut of emotions , gifts , and afflictions though most of them are members of the Buendia family . There is plenty to absorb , maybe too much for me . It was hard for me to be introduced to a group of characters just to see them kick the bucket and then start over again with a next generation . Especially when they shared the same names , gaah ! But I think that is intentional . I started to focus on traits of the family as a whole rather than those of the individuals . Anyway , I enjoyed it .
 What an amazing experience it was to read this book . I was a little wary at first , but once you are introduced to the original characters , you have a genuine interest and concern for them . Although the similarity of the names of the characters can at times be a little confusing , that is of no consequence once you start to turn the pages . What a read !!!
 One Hundred Years of Solitude
 I 'm , like , in withdrawl now that I finished this book . It seriously moved me .
 A professor suggested Marquez 's novel to me a few weeks ago . He has a doctorate in English -LRB- creative writing is his specialty -RRB- and suggested the novel to a graduating Master 's student that felt undereducated . I found the work to be profound , enjoyable , and magical . Marquez is unparalleled in his art . Reviewing some of the previous comments , I am saddened by some of the negative comments . I encourage anyone to read the novel and to allow themselves to be pulled into Marquez 's Macondo , from which you may gain new perspectives on time , age , personality , knowledge , details , worth , courage , fear , history , beauty , perception , magic , life , and love . I hope you will enjoy this novel as much as I did and praise it as long as the stars shall shine . This work is a victory of literature.-Foolish Buddha
 Obra cumbre de la literatura universal del siglo xx . Aut&eacute;ntico prodigio de imaginaci&oacute;n y fantas&iacute;a , recuperamos con &eacute;l el gusto por escuchar viejas historias llenas de magia , ternura , humor ... Ning&uacute;n autor narra tan magistralmente como GGM y su castellano es tan fecundo como sorprendente . Aviso
 The best book I 've ever read . There is nothing missing here . This is the life .
 I 've read some of his short stories and , frankly , they were mere preludes to this emotive tome . It has the ability to pull all your vital strings and does so with impunity . I laughed at the descriptions of some of the characters not only because Garcia Marquez 's words were humorous but because some part of me needed to laugh . As the blurbs on the book say , this book simply draws you into its depths where you swim in his words , and finally after 400 pages you emerge a changed , better person . It gives you a lot to think about.I ca n't recommend this book enough . I shudder to think that I waited so long in opening its pages . My Spanish teacher was right ...
 The strength of One Hudred Years comes from its ability to effect your entire being . The simple , layered prose involves the reader in a fantastic journey through the life and times of a town and family . The story speaks to you , just as stories did when you were a child , bringing an incredible reality that is both graspable and surreal .
 Garcia-Marquez writes with eloquence and wit that touches the heart as well as the mind . The chronicle of the Buendia family is one that is rich in culture , love , passion and humor . He is definately one of the greatest writers of our time . I would recommend this book to everyone . I could not put it down once I began reading . This is my third time reading this novel .
 scintillating , despite its length . i never put it down once -LRB- except to sleep for 12 hours at a time -RRB- . the ending was completely unpredictable , and the idea that love brought the buendia family together and love wiped that same family from macondo along with the world rings with truth . after finishing the last sentence and closing the book i asked myself one question , `` why stop total destruction when something as harmonious as love is the instigator ? ''
 One hundred years of solitude is a surreal , epic tale that focuses on the Buendia family and the fictional village of Macondo which the Buendia founded . More than a real place , Macondo represents the paradigm of solitude . Its inhabitants -LRB- and the Buendia in particular -RRB- are bound to be lone ... As the story unfolds we learn more about the various buendias -LRB- many generations follow one another -RRB- and their adventures/troubles . In fact they are all the same , they behave much in the same way -LRB- they even have got the same names as to underline this continuity -RRB- and eventually they are all destined to feel an enormous solitude ...
 One Hundred Years of Solitude is one of my two favorite pieces of fiction ever written -LRB- the other is Lolita in case you were wondering -RRB- . Rarely do you find an author that has such an amazing handle on language . Marquez seems to write effortlessly and his prose is never pretentious or forced . The best thing about the book , however , is that it 's never boring . I have to admit that it 's the only fiction book that I 've read three times -LRB- and I 'll probably read it again in a few years -RRB- . Over the the last eighteen years I have recommended this book to dozens of people and those that have taken the time to read it have always told me they loved it .
 I had to read this book for school . I had bought the version in Spanish , but it was a little hard for me to tackle . Even though we had to read this book in a few days , maybe too fast . I loved it . Marquez uses magical realism in the neatest way . Please pick this book up and you wo n't be sorry !
 When reading this epic I came to the conclusion that it is one of the most amazing stories I 've ever read . It tells the story of the Buendia family and the creation of Macondo , a village where amazing things take place as a part of everyday life . We follow the Buendias from their fouding of Macondo and down to their descendents a hundred years later . This fiction portray several other interesting characters as well as they come to Macondo for a quick visit . Some more frequently than others . I read this in swedish so I wo n't comment the language .
 ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE is by far the most important work of Latin American fiction written to date . I have read the book in both Spanish and English at least 8 times . Gregory Rabassa 's translation is excellent as does not attempt to retell the story . This should definitely be required reading for the entire human race . With it 's monumental ending , it will leave you craving for the world you have so abrubtly been shaken out of .
 The first time I read this book I finished it in three days , because I just could n't put it down . It 's so engrossing you might come to believe the absurd things that take place in Macondo are possible -LRB- one guy 's blood trickles across town until it reaches his mother 's house in order to let her know he 's dying ; a woman so beautiful that men go crazy and die after they 've seen her face ; and it goes on like that -RRB- If you have n't read this book , buy it right now ; if you have , read it again , you 'll probably discover something you had n't noticed before .
 I have read this extraordinary book in Rabassa 's excellent translation ... and now wil read it in Spanish to compare ... like many others , the book took several attempts on my part to make it through ... but once I did , I was drawn into a world that seemed to breathe outside of town and yet not so far from our reality ... here the world is seen with eyes outside of linear time . beholding things such as ice for the first time . . you will find even eferences to the Ascension with Remedios the Beauty rising upward lost beyond the reaches of the birds of memory ... or the plague of insomnia , with forgetfulness and reality slipping away with the meaning of words ... here you will find passions celebrated among butterflies and scorpions ... it is epic , full of revolutions , passions , discoveries , magic , all flowing from the banana town whose solitude was to be wiped by the winds ...
 I ordered this book on whim , and ended up absolutely loving it . I found the characters , especially the women , to be bold and well developed , a true example of latin writings abilbity to see beyond gender lines and write true characters . Definitely should be required reading for anyone who has ever had difficult family or social issues . So , basically everyone .
 I absolutely love this book and have read it more than once . The magic realism is great !! It reads like a fairy tale and makes the unbelievable become almost believable to the reader . The book follows a family through the generations . History constantly repeats itself and each generation is affected by the choices the previous generation has made .
 Gracias a este libro recien llegamos a descubrir que toda la humanidad habito en algun momento en Macondo . Olvidensen de las grandes civilizaciones del pasado , este pueblo perdido lo abarca todo , amor , odio , guerras . Y los Buendia son como cualquier ser humano de este planeta . Esta novela son de las que se leen de un tiron , no importa que afuera pase un viento huracanado como el que destruye al pueblo al final . Al cerrar la ultima pagina todos llevamos algo de Macondo dentro de nosotros .
 This is one of those books that will never leave you . The author writes so beautifully ; truly bringing you to a magical place called Macondo . At the same time , you get an amazing -LRB- metaphorical -RRB- account of Latin American history . Bravo and Gracias , Senor Marquez .
 I first read this book in a college English class . Then , as a teacher , I chose this for a class I was teaching . I would recommend reading this book every couple of years as , depending on where you are in life , you will get something new out of it . This is my favorite book by Marquez.Garcia Marquez masterfully tells this tale , set in Latin America , about the birth and death of a family as revealed to the world by the finest of Latin American writers in the genre of magical realism . It is an essential book to anyone who wants to look at Latin American literature . Each time I read this book , I have found it to be funnier and sadder than the last.I am a serious reader , a lover of life , and a happy person except when I am not , and I usually have something good to say about every book I read if nothing other than I note a graceful turn of phrase or a creative use of some word but to say a book is one of my favorites and that I actually can recall the book title and author -LRB- I have read far more than one book a week since I was about 10 years old -RRB- is not to be taken lightly . This book is right up there in possibly my top 5 all-time favorites . Magnificent might be the best way to describe this book . Perhaps in my list of books to recommend , besides Irving who is my all-time favorite , would be Cuelho and Marquez as do-not-misses . The story itself can be a bit confusing but you can not help but be sucked into the story about the town of Macondo and the lives of the Buendias , each with their own very unique life
 This is one of the best books I 've read in recent times . The characters come alive in each page and all of a sudden you get immersed in the idiosyncrasies of the Buendia family as they navigate through the joys and challenges of life.You read it from the first page and you still do n't want to let go of the characters long after the last page . The language is rich in texture and enticing in its architecture . This book will stay in my memory for a long time
 A fantastic novel almost beyond reproach in the excellency of the prose . It 's neither an easy nor a quick read however it draws you in and the story develops in such a way that you do n't want to put it down . My highest praise for Marquez is in his character development , even characters who are barely mentioned -LRB- Fermanda , General Gerineldo -RRB- in more than name and minute appearances have strongly fleshed out personalities . It is rare that you see a character react in a way that you would not expect them to . The depth of character we see from the Buendia family truly draws you in and makes you feel as if you are not reading a book , but are observing a family over a long period of time . It draws you in and does n't let you go .
 This is by far , the best novel i have ever read in my whole 29 years ... I was dreaming through the pages of this epic story of 7 generations , , wonderful by all means .
 What can I say ? I loved this book . It was smart and graceful and full of magic . It 's a delightful journey into the subject of family , ancestry and the power of names . Get a good reading guide to decode some of the subtleties and go for a ride into a world that makes sense , but does n't .
 A large cast of characters with similar names and a strange sense of time combine to make this a difficult read . It is worth it . You will never forget Macondo and the Buend&iacute;a family . Here is a masterpiece of language and storytelling . It is both hilarious and horrifying . Obviously this is a translation but the translator is amazing .
 I `` m going to reiterate my comments from ` love in the time of cholera ' . You should never sit down with a Marquez book in hopes of a ` good story ' . Marques is not a story teller . He is far above that.Instead , read a few pages at a time , even over the course of year . Pay attention to the scattering dialogue , ` why is it that it 's always the stupid people who live the longest ' ? And , ` you can take your extra minute and shove it up your a $ $ ' -LRB- said just before the 3,000 people were mowed down by the army -RRB- . Pay attention to the surrealism , the oddities of the characters . This is where the gold is , not in the paragraph , but in each sentence . My book is so earmarked it 's starting to fray . An amazing read .
 Once i was finished reading this it was like Marquez himself had stepped into my room to punch me in the stomach . It reads like the most depressing book but even though it dips you really low it brings you back up
 I recently read Marquez ' book and found it to be one of the most thrilling and entertaining books I have ever read . I now see why he won the Nobel prize for literature in 1982 . I got so involved with the characters that I was actually dreaming of them -LRB- maybe hallucinating -RRB- . I wanted to know why they behaved the way they did . Marquez had a systematic way of reavealing everything at the end . However , it was a little difficult to read , but challenging . It was funny , but at the same time weird . I loved reading it . Garcia Marquez has an incredible knack with words . Even though I read the English version of the book , I do n't imagine much was left out as a result of its translation . He was able to show how individuals in this fictitious town , Macondo , become lost in their own worlds , desires -LRB- solitude -RRB- and at the same time disregard any social mores or laws and consequences . He subsequently showed that there are consequences for one 's actions . Granted , there were many things that can not be easily explained , but that is all part of his style of writing called `` Magical realism '' . I loved `` 100 years of solitude '' so much that I intend to continue doing more research to understand the book . Great piece of literary work . This refers to the hardcover version of the book .
 In September 1992 , I was still undecided for who I was going to vote in the Presidential race . Then , one evening I watched an interview with -LRB- at the time -RRB- presidential candidate Mr. Clinton . In the interview he mentioned this book as one of his favorite 's books . That was the tie-braker for me . Anybody that appreciates the magical story of Macondo and Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's work that much is allright by me !! This is my absolute favorite book ever !! . I grew up in a small fishermen village in Puerto Rico and reading this book taught me to appreciate the character of a town for its uniqueness and that no matter how obscure a life might seem , every life has a story to tell from where a lesson can be learn . I was overwhelmed by the incredible mix of magic and reality in the descriptions of the characters and of the town of Macondo . Recently , I read the book again , this time in English . I was mistified just the same !
 This book is great for all of the reasons people have already listed in their 5 - and 4-star reviews . No need to re-hash . Instead a brief meditation on the book 's magical realism and its effect the narrator-character-reader relationship.The chronology of the book and its unusual treatment of character create a distancing effect . There are plenty of characters here and plenty of insightful moments with them but the narrator fleets between characters , and glances between intimate stays and vast summaries . This is clearly not a book that is read for character development -LRB- compared to a book that catalogs the life of a single character -RRB- , understandable , but there is also a distancing effect caused by a lack of genuine sentiment . Often -LRB- even when we have rested with Ursula for many pages , or when we see the young Aureliano looking up to his father -RRB- this book feels as though it takes place in an alternate universe where the inhabitants are almost human , but different in a hard-to-place way . Uncanny valley , without the disturbing factor . Unlike Kafka 's or even Grass 's treatment of the surreal/magical , where the character is very thoroughly human in thought and action , Marquez 's characters think and act in manners as stylized as the events . There is a charming , fairy-tale effect to this , but there is also a divorce of emotion both from the narrator and the reader . This seems to be a mark of Marquez -LRB- excuse me there -RRB- , where his characters are either too stoic or too emotive and they never quite act as ordinary people . Does this further establish the enchanted world of Macondo as a place where the reader goes to frolic , to be dismayed , overjoyed , to be transported through time ? Or does it act as a barrier , a pane of glass through which everything becomes two-dimensional ? It depends on the reader .
 One of the most famous first lines of all time starts the book , `` Many years later , as he faced the firing squad , Colonel Aureliano Buendia was to remember that distant afternoon when his father took him to discover ice . '' More profound , epistemologically , two sentences later , `` The world was so recent that many things lacked names , and in order to indicate them it was necessary to point . '' Legendary for its magical realism , it surprised me sometimes , for its ability to combine wrenching emotions , intellectual cleverness and plays on language , as with , `` Although they seemed to ignore what both of them knew and what each one knew that the other knew , from that night on they were yoked together in an inviolable complicity '' -LRB- p. 146 -RRB- Trouble was , this was all during the first eight months of caring for our baby Catherine . As the book put it , `` they already had too many troubles of their own to weep over he acted-out misfortunes of imaginary beings '' -LRB- p. 230 -RRB- . Although the last 30 pages were some of the best I can remember . More self-reflexive references
 This is not a conventional novel and readers will have to re-think how they look at a novel . I kept trying to understand exactly what was happening , until I got to page 135 and read the following passage and then it became clear . `` A trickle of blood came out under the door , crossed the living room , went out into the street , continued on in a straight line across the uneven terraces , went down steps and climbed over curbs , passed along the Street of the Turks , turned a corner to the right and another to the left , made a right angle to the Burendia house , went under the closed door , crossed through the parlor , hugging the walls as to not stain the rug , went on to the other living room , made a wide curve to avoid the dining room table , went along the porch with the begonias , `` What does this all mean ? It is clear that the novel is not based on reality but instead has a dream like quality to the story . It is an allegory or myth . Was it all a dream by the narrator?The other literary feature is the use of names which is repetitive and similar . There are so many similar names and new characters that it is almost impossible to keep everything clear so the plot always has a certain level of chaos . Mixed in with that , the novel has the numerous unions between family members , revolutions , exaggerations , and the use of profanity by the characters . What are we to make of all of this chaos ? In fact what exactly does Marquez mean by the word `` solitude ? '' He seems to use it to represent social isolation between characters in the novel.Finally , all of the names and the relations tend to mix up the concept of time . The time does not seem to be linear . There seems to be cross generational discussions , even though we have five or six generations of people all related.This is an unusual novel like almost no other . The read is slow and complicated or a slow read is required to extract all the details . In any case , it takes more than one read.Very unusual
 This book frustrates me , but in a good way . Reading it , get this feeling of how difficult life is to understand . It 's just such a great book -- it makes you laugh , it depresses you , it makes you think and it just leaves mesmerized . Go ahead and buy this book , read it , and you wo n't be left feeling disappointed .
 `` The world must be all f ***** up , when men travel first class and literature goes as freight . `` It seems that when people try to describe this novel , they usually sum it up as a family chronicle . However , One Hundred Years of Solitude has so much more to offer than the mere tale of family -LRB- although the family is certainly very fascinating and complex -RRB- -- it offers life lessons , paradoxical truths , and a beautiful command of language . I wish that there was a category for works that are better than literature , that take the written word to an even more elevated place , because this novel belonds up there as one of the greatest pieces of writing I have ever encountered , and I am not alone in thinking this . As you can see above in the editorial reviews , this book has been placed alongside the Book of Genesis as a work that all of humanity should read ! Gabriel Garcia Marquez has created one of the most interesting narratives I have ever come across , and he tells his story in such a unique way . The story moves without much concern for linear time , but this ends up making the narrative more compelling . This is the sort of novel that people can not help but have a strong reaction to -- and whether you will love it or hate it , One Hundred Years of Solitude is completely worth the read .
 In One Hundred Years of Solitude , Gabriel Garcia Marquez writes of a fictional , mystical town called Macondo . The world is still recent and young , but one must question how young the world is due to conflicting descriptions in the book . One of the village 's main founding members is Jos&eacute; Arcadio Buendia and his wife Ursula . With these two people start the beginning of six generations of the Buendia family in Macondo . Jos&eacute; Arcadio Buendia seeks knowledge all the time , and an important traveling gypsy named Melquiades helps out Jos&eacute; Arcadio Buendia in his quest . Melquiades actually records important prophecies of the village that are not decoded until the village 's last days . Macondo starts off peacefully , and nobody dies for many years , but as time goes on , wars between the Liberals and the Conservatives rage with some members of the Buendia family executed , and capitalism takes its root with a banana company that leaves many massacred in a strike not recorded by the history books.Jos&eacute; Arcadio Buendia actually becomes insane because he realizes that time is cyclical and always repeating itself . In the six generations that follow , characters have the same names or names with slight variations , hinting at a cyclical history . Many instances must refer to past events to determine the future . A surreal air in this book is the result of many events and bustling people . Some members of the family live for abnormally long periods of time ; dead characters never really die because their ghosts stay in Macondo ; a pure and beautiful Buendia girl rises to heaven ; and passionate -LRB- and sometimes incestuous -RRB- relationships flourish all the time . While some of the Buendia men are very hedonistic , especially for women , many men in the Buendia family have an air of solitude around them and never form true relationships with others . At the end of the book , the solitude of one of the Buendias is what brings the demise of the mystical town.One Hundred Years of Solitude , a book on distorted reality and cyclical history , is one of the most mind-boggling books I have ever encountered , and even though the book was very difficult to grasp , I 'd say the 400 + pages were worth the magical trip . Marquez is a master storyteller , and although there were parts that were agonizingly long , the book as a whole is to be commended as a magical classic .
 This book makes me want to learn Spanish so I can read it in Marquez 's original language.This story is an epic of a kind you 've never read . No heroes , no great voyage - just a family and their town . It 's a kind of Book of Genesis for the Buendia family , a family that you will know intimately by the end of the novel as if it 's your own.Marquez skillfully blends the tangible realities of hard life with supernatural interludes that help make this book one of the most beautifully poetic that I 've ever read . It 's the kind of book that when you finish - incidentally having one of the most perfect endings put to paper - you will sit back and think about it for a while . You will walk the hallways of the Buendia house long after you finish this book and swear that you 've known the many people that lived and died there . And you will miss them.This book is a masterpiece . Put this first on your list .
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' is fantastic in every meaning of the word . Like an imaginary Bible , it is the story of the beginning and almost apocalyptic end of a world , albeit a microcosm . This `` world '' is a South American village called Macondo , of which one of the founders is a man named Jose Arcadio Buendia . The novel tells the story of Buendia and five generations of his descendants , the last of whom is carried away by ants -LRB- yes , ants -RRB- to be devoured . Consider it `` The Rise and Fall of the House of Buendia . '' Or , metaphorically , `` The Rise and Fall of Man . `` Garcia Marquez writes as though he were spinning a rug of a wildly chaotic and exotic pattern on a loom . Such things as flying carpets , an insomnia plague , a levitating priest , a trickle of human blood that propels itself through village streets , a rainfall of yellow flowers , a girl whose erotic fragrance drives men to acts of desperation , a man whose appearances are preceded by a swarm of butterflies , `` invisible '' doctors , a future-telling witch who lives to an unthinkable age , and a five-year-long rainfall are just some of the wonders to be found within its pages . However , there is an eerie cohesion that blends these elements with the realistic backdrop of the narrative , so that the novel feels as natural as walking down the street . For comparison 's sake , it contains the kind of mixture of fantasy and realism used by writers like Gunter Grass and Salman Rushdie.The novel does not have an arching plotline ; it is more like a collection of connected anecdotes , but there is an overall plan to the events which unite the Buendia dynasty . The narrative has a tendency to fast forward and reverse chronologically so that a situation introduced early is resolved later in the action , usually with an ironic surprise . For example , the novel begins with Jose 's son , Colonel Aureliano Buendia , facing a firing squad ; how he got into this predicament is explained later , along with his uncanny knack for escaping death.The idiosyncrasies of the characters are another focus of the novel . Jose , the patriarch , has a fascination with new gadgets sold to him by a gypsy named Melquiades and dabbles perseveringly in alchemy . Aureliano , a metalworker who fabricates little fishes out of gold , proclaims himself a Colonel and leads dozens of unsuccessful Liberal revolts against his country 's Conservative government . Rebeca , Jose 's adopted daughter , arrives at Jose 's house carrying the bones of her deceased biological parents in a sack and has a nervous habit of eating dirt . Jose 's wife , Ursula , acts as the family 's moral backbone and rational center . The history and fate of the members of the Buendia family are prophesied by Melquiades , whose cryptic parchments are left after his death for one of Jose 's descendants to decipher . Also documented is Macondo 's growth from a primitive village to a town thriving with commerce -LRB- including an ill-fated banana company -RRB- , entertainment , and the latest technology.This is truly one of the best novels I have ever read . It transcends its time and place by virtue of being mythical and universal . The last paragraph in particular is incredibly profound and seems to summarize not only the novel but mankind 's existence ; consider how it relates to religious concepts of creation , destruction , and human sin . Few novels offer greater scope , imagination , imagery , or ideas .
 I have just put down `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' with pride and shame . Pride because this novel is a jewel in Spanish literature and shame because it took me 34 years of my life to finally command myself to enjoying Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez 's masterpiece . The author 's ability to build characters is amazing , his prose is elegant and his descriptive technique knows no match . The plot is fascinating , although the abundance of Aureliano Buend&iacute;a characters triggers a great deal of confusion . The storyline follows a conspicuous Spanish American tradition of semi-surrealistic themes mixing realism and symbolism in order to neutralize simplicity .
 I read this book once nearly 30 years ago and yet many of the images from it remain vibrant for me . I remember picking up the book in the dorm room of a friend and laughing at the cover blurb
 Una novela fascinante que impulsa a la imaginacion a volar hasta lugares miticos como Macondo . Es un libro que nadie deberia dejar de leer . Indispensable obra de la literatura universal . Garcia Marquez logra hacer vivir a los Buendia en una historia llena de magia , amor y desamor , fantasmas , sangre , recuerdos , tiempo ...
 By now , of course , the entire world is familiar with this stellar masterpiece that introduced Latin American literature to North American readers -LRB- last to join an already buzzing worldwide readership -RRB- . The work has been translated even into languages like Quich&eacute; , Guaran&iacute; and Catal&aacute;n . This unusual tale depicts the origins and ultimate demise of the mythical town of Macondo through the saga of the enigmatic Buend&iacute;a family . In this richly symbolic and multilayered chronicle of life and death -- with repeating names , endless revolutions and deluvial rains , lust , incest , death , a search for truth and a plague of menacing red ants -- we are witness to the magical realism that essentially defines Latin America in every regard . To understand intimately Latin America is to understand the subtleties and wry humor of ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE.This novel by Gabriel Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez , my absolute favorite author without exception , was first published in 1967 in Argentina under the title CIEN A&N tilde ; OS DE SOLDEDAD , with the English translation appearing in 1970 . It must have been about 1972-73 when I first read the original Spanish version and became enraptured immediately by the brilliance of this masterful piece of Latin American fiction , the most unusually crafted and the most widely discussed/debated literary creation in several decades across Latin America . Since its initial success worldwide , this rare gem has seen accompanying study guides , essays , dissertations , seminars , related university courses , entire books authored by noted contemporary literary figures devoted to the subject of interpreting this novel as well as to the author 's entire body of literary production . I recall once viewing -LRB- 1985 -RRB- a personal interview filmed by the author , `` Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez est&aacute; cansado de las equivocaciones de la cr&iacute;tica '' -LSB- GM is tired of the errors of the criticism -RSB- . The artist himself set the record straight regarding what he intended in this monumentally ambitious tale.Here in a nutshell for novice readers of Latin American literature translated into English are the preeminent themes running through this mystical novel
 One of the unforgettable and favorite books for me has been for many years Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' -RSB- -LRB- which I believe should be translated as `` One Hundred Years of Loneliness '' -RRB- - the marvelously told story of the rise and fall of the Buendia family , their times , their struggles , their curse and damnation - the loneliness that would finally destroy them and the universe that they created and inhabited . The story follows 100 years in the life of Macondo ; a village founded by Jos&eacute; Arcadio and Ursula Buend&iacute;a and occupied by their descendants with the variations on their progenitor 's name
 I live in solitude , so I thought the book would be about a guy like me . But it was something completely different . The book tells the rise and fall of an imaginary city , complete with stories about incest , lust , hate , and love.Some of the passages that Gabriel Garcia Marquez writes , could have single handily won him the Noble Prize for literature . `` She spun an invisible web around him , which he had to remove every night with his bare and ringless finger . '' Or something like that.It was a great story . Worth the read . The beginning will swallow you into the book . It starts with a soldier who is about to die , recanting a memory about his childhood . After that , you are taken into a world of magic and reality .
 Great book . I recommend it for anybody . A very deep sensual and at the same time a bit mystical novel . The book is written in a very original style that leaves an impression of listenning to the story in reverse , as if it was taken from somebody 's memory . Makes you draw parallels with your own family and your own life . Definitely worth reading !
 I can not put into words how amazed I was by this book when I first read it several years ago . It is full of the subtle characterizations and plot nuances that make magical realism such a pleasure to read . Like Borges did so well in Ficciones , Garcia Marquez provides readers with believable characters in detailed settings adding just a touch of the supernatural . I applaud Oprah for choosing a different type of classic and giving magical realism to a new generation of readers.A word of caution
 This book has been so hyped that it would almost be impossible for it to live up to the high expectations that I had . That being said , I do think it was a wonderfully written and haunting novel.If this book is read on the surface for an entertaining story , then it definitely drags and is hard to keep the various characters straight . Sometimes the mysticism seemed forced and detracted rather than added to the story . It was also very much like a soap opera with so much drama and cheap plot twists that it was hard to take seriously at times.Marquez has a very beautiful writing style and often there will be sentences and phrases that jump off the page for their purity and wisdom of human existence . At other times , his writing style made me feel as if I was viewing this saga through a glass window and was never quite able to get into the scenery and characters . This could also be because Marquez would jump between characters as soon as I was getting to know them.However , now that I have finished the novel and am able to view the story of the Buendia family as a whole it is much more interesting than when I was in the midst of it . Each member of the family was used to personify the various tactics and personalities we employ to live our lives . No matter what anyone did during their lifetime , whether it was attempting to escape or embracing their loneliness , they were reduced to their solitude before death.There are many interesting parallels and symbols that make the read more interesting for me . Perhaps the people are really symbols for countries and represent the different strategies of countries to be successful , yet no matter what they do they are always a government condemned to the chosen system ? Maybe the family is used to represent the entire human race , and the fact that we refuse to acknowledge our inherent flaws has destined us to our own destruction ? Whatever the interesting parallels that you draw for yourself from this novel , there are important thoughts about war , humanity , solitude , love , lust , happiness and life woven throughout the pages .
 For years most of my life , until I read D. Foster Wallace 's `` Infinite Jest , '' One Hundred Years Of Solitude was the single greatest piece of prose I had ever encountered . Even now it surpasses the truly gigantic I.J. as the most profound of novels . If you are going to read this book do n't read it once or even twice , read it over and over again . Garcia Marquez has crafted so many different levels of meaning into the story of one family as to explain the entirety of human history from creation on . This is nothing less than the meaning of life , revealed through the virtues and faults of the Buendia family . The town of Macondo is a experiences everything of importance that has happened in the Americas since they were discovered by europeans . The Buendias are perhaps the most human characters I have ever encountered in literature . The mistakes they are doomed to keep repeating show how where one comes from will always be his destiny . This novel is anything but a crass tear-jerker , but it triggered emotiong in me of increadible power . This is the one book I buy for all my family and friends when it 's time to give gift . I could keep going on and on , but you know how strongly I recomend this . My high school spanish teacher , Barbara Brown , gave me one of the greatest gifts I 've ever recieved when she turned me on to Garcia Marquez . READ THIS BOOK , then READ IT AGAIN .
 The title of this book says it all , One Hundred Years of Solitude . It is , in my opinion , as monumental a work as Moby-Dick because it is n't about one thing , or two things , it is about everything ! Marquez never fails to surprise with his writing , the wonderful poetic way he tells of how people try to keep an ounce of humanity in the face of the vicious meat-grinder which we call life is absolutely amazing . Reading a Marquez book is the sensory equivalent to the smell of an impending thunderstorm and is the tactile equivalent of moist earth . If that description seems odd , it will seem fitting after you finish this book .
 reading `` 100 years of solitude '' is like contracting some wonderful , exotic disease . you see bizarre apparitions , babble in foreign tongues , and claw at the pages all through the night , as you howl in delight and then crumple with sadness . a life-altering experience .
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's voice in this book echoes like a grandfather 's telling fantastic tales like they were straight from a history book . If I were to deliver the same words I would not be able to stop my face muscles from twitching or my eyes from rapidly blinking ... For how does one keep a straight face while talking about a ghost that conducts itself like a normal person , a patriarch tied by his family to a tree for years , a massacre of townspeople that nobody saw , a tangle of depressing secret relationships a few of them incestuous ? That is the secret of Garcia Marquez 's amazing skill.This book is not all roller coaster and nothing else . The evil in it is chilling , the ignorance frustrating , the wisdom mysterious yet magical , and the love -- misdirected , undeserved -- is searing.The end struck me speechless , I wanted to throw the book for overwhelming me so . Everything comes around in a circle . And time passes and people forget . That 's what echoed in my mind after the smoke cleared .
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez ' groundbreaking masterpiece ' 100 Years of Solitude ' -LRB- 1967 -RRB- is both a comic and a tragic meditation on numberless vagaries of human existence.As the book 's title suggests , the novel details the history of three generations in the Buendia family , who found the small , isolated , and swamp-surrounded South American town of Macondo during the 19th century . As an authentic and frequently unprecedented work of literature , ' 100 Years of Solitude ' stands as a robust and healthy challenge to the social , religious , and literary excesses of Protestantism , to which it offers a brilliantly colored , deeply felt , and sensual alternative . With its underpinnings in pagan Catholicism , ' 100 Years of Solitude ' boils over with a psychologically profound , brash , visceral , and distinctly Latin vision of life.Flying freely in the face of Western scientific and philosophical rationalism , the novel offers its readers plagues of forgetfulness , sleeplessness , and clouds of yellow butterflies , ascensions by the living into the heavens , lifelong correspondences with `` invisible doctors , '' `` suspicions of elves , '' and rain storms and droughts that continue for years on end . One character senses that the Buendias are caught in a tight chronal frame of eternal reoccurrence , while another , perceiving a world without genuine boundaries of any kind , plucks knowledge from a collective unconscious floating in the air while claiming `` everything is known . `` Though levitating priests , flying carpet-riding Arabs , fraternal twins who trade destinies , and miraculous inventions abound , the novel never strays very far from its genuine and sincerely felt focus on the vicissitudes of the perpetually vulnerable , desiring , and inherently daydreaming nature of man . Among other things , ' 100 Years of Solitude ' is also a profound meditation on the absurdly barbaric nature of war and the greedy , egotistical , and shortsighted character of the political arena.The Buendia family produces -- and keeps producing -- two basic kinds of men
 I picked this book up initially because it made a few top 100 lists and also because I had heard it favorably compared with Salman Rushdie 's `` Midnight 's Children '' . Most of the reviews for this book are glowing and for good reason . GGM 's writing style is unusual , perhaps reminiscent of Carlos Castenada and also Rushdie . Marquez uses the events and emotions of his generally shallow characters to paint a picture of human emotion and struggle . The characters are painted almost in composite rather than as a picture . Details are used not to create a complete portrait of the character or of the town but to set a mood and convey almost intangible concepts . Appreciating this work is perhaps a little like appreciating Salvador Dali 's paintings . The events that occur in the town are fantastic and surreal by design . Taken at face value , the book is almost nonsensical . Read and understood perhaps more as art , as an attempt to paint a picture , the book is haunting , moving , and evocative . This is definitely one work of literature that will stretch your boundaries and stands up to any of the classics .
 Hailed by many as M&aacute;rquez 's finest literary work , One Hundred Years of Solitude tells the story of the Buend&iacute;a family , who live and work in the South American jungle . M&aacute;rquez unites great wit and comic timing with philosophy to produce the extraordinary book , and the combination of fantasy , magic and reality makes for enthralling reading.Laughter and tragedy , love and death are all bound together by Garcia 's unique writing style . There is exploration and adventure , but always with a slight tinge of sadness and nostalgia . M&aacute;rquez brings you into the Buend&iacute;a family and lets you experience their joys and triumphs , failures and disappointments at first hand . You experience life through their eyes , and become intimately acquainted with their fears , hopes and dreams.In 1982 M&aacute;rquez was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature , and his other works include Love in the time of the Cholera and Of Love and Other Demons , as well as several short story collections . In all his books he invokes real emotion from the reader , and One Hundred Years of Solitude is no different . Whilst reading this book you are sent into an almost trance-like state , and become completely enveloped in the story . Fantasy and reality are intertwined so closely that it becomes impossible to tell the difference . M&aacute;rquez also explores the notion of time , as the later generations in Macondo repeat the experiences of the first generations . The names people receive are also relevant-for example all 17 Aurelianos are articulate , solitary men , and all Jose Arcadios are enterprising and energetic.This is a challenging read-I found myself turning to the front page to look at the family tree many times . However , this is an excellent book , destined to become a classic . An unmissable read , by perhaps the greatest author of our times .
 I was not forced to read this in higschool ; I was not forced to read it in college where I took several literature classes . It 's a shame it took me so long to discover such a masterpiece and I wish I could go back to make this novel more influential throughout my ENTIRE life . The magical realism of this novel is unbelievable . It leads to a very exciting epic journey into the livliehood of hundreds of years in generation after generation of a family . The passion of the author seeps through it 's every page . I believe it was a descriptive account of the feelings a young boy had growing up in Columbia through all of it 's governmental changes ; and how it changed his life in such a way to be able to write such a moving work of art . I believe it speaks to all of us , that we can all identify with SOMEOME in the book , and is a portrayal of what we all come to know as a familial circular history . As sad and tragic as it may be sometimes . I can definitley say that this book changed my perspective and thinking in some ways and I only wish I had had the experience earlier .
 While I think that this book was competently translated from Spanish , I do think that the translation does change the style of the book considerably . I was surprised to read reviews where readers considered the book `` difficult '' or `` dense '' until I read parts of it in English . I 've read this book several times in Spanish , which is my native language , starting from when I was 16 . And I find that the prose is not dense at all . My criticism of this English translation is that it overemphasizes the `` magical '' and `` exotic '' aspect of the language , making it almost self conscious of its own `` magical realism '' . I think that in Spanish , the magical realism is implied in the language , in the story . It feels like the English translation is intentionally dreamy , almost forced . Anyway , I think this is an excellent book in whatever language you choose to read it . Everyone should read this book at least once , do n't worry about the hype , the analysis , etc. . Just enjoy it , it will be worth your while .
 Marquez transfers you through the words and thoughts of the Buendia family of the development of a primal foraging community to a community self involved in taking and developing a new world order with man at the center .
 Everyman 's Library edition of One Hundred Years of Solitude is a masterpiece of book publishing . Great binding , ribbon marker , typography and paper . A pleasure to hold and read .
 This surrealistic excursion , told matter of factly in a style reminiscient of James Joyce , traces the life of several generations of the Buendia family , ordinary folks living ordinary lives in a small Colombian town who accidentally become witnesses to such monumental events as civil war , plagues , social oppresion while cherishing passionate encounters and obsessive fixations on obscure activities . Only in the final pages does it become clear that all which has transpired over the generations was foretold as the rise and fall of the Buendia family by the mystical gypsy Maquiliades . I suspect this literary masterpiece is more impressive in its original Spanish version , but its constant surprises and matter of fact style compel the reader 's attention .
 There are many stories . But this one is perfect . I will always cherish this book .
 This is my favorite novel by some distance . The novel is simultaneously the story of several generations of an extended family and the story of the entire human race from the beginning of history . It is full of magic not only in the sense that magical things happen , but also in its glowing prose and deeply sympathetic portrayals of its characters . The repetition and near-repetitions of names over the generations invite the reader to conflate information about different characters , demonstrating the interconnectedness of the family members . Maybe it does n't matter if we keep their identities straight , and maybe we 're not even supposed to . Let the plot swirl and let Marquez work his magic . Then step outside and notice how the world shimmers and glows .
 If you like James Joyce , Salman Rushdie or any kind of poetry you must read this book . It is an easy , accessible and exciting read . It is an incredible , magical work that truly deserves every accolade it gets .
 In short there is no reason not to read this novel , but I must say that I would have been reluctant to read it after it received the ignominious classification as an `` Oprah Book . '' That aside here is my take.Upon entering this novel the family tree stares you in the face -- telling you where the action is starting -LRB- in medias res for you fans of epics -RRB- and when you turn back to it during your peregrination tells you how much is to come . The term magical realism is oft applied to Marquez , yet his magic is actually his knack for telling a story like one of your grandparents . The book reads like an oral history yet the action never reads like an exaggeration . I am not composing this review to engage in talking about Marquez 's commentary on religion -LRB- namely the Catholic church -RRB- or governmental corruption -LRB- including a send up of the federal system -RRB- , but this book 's take on those issues is refreshing / thought provoking . One could read this novel as an endorsement of anarchism but I think that might be oversimplifying the matter . As an aside , I believe that the idea of death as a human construct -LRB- i.e. unnatural -RRB- , as developed here , is beautiful . I submit this five-star review noting that I am one who has a predilection for modern storytelling and diction but I ca n't help to find a timeless quality in the writing -- the expostion would be wrong using any other style . I may sound like the back of a pulp novel yet I still enjoin you to `` read this book because it is the human drama writ large . '' You sha n't regret it .
 My all-time favorite book -LRB- before this one -RRB-
 This story takes you through a small town cut off from the outside world , and it 's founding family . Each character has their own obsession , problem , passion , or insanity . You get to follow generations through almost supernatural events . All the while there is something much bigger happening . This book has the best ending I have ever read that left me absolutely awestruck and weeping as I was devastated that the adventure was over .
 There are relatively few books that I 've had to read for my college classes and truly enjoyed . This was one of them.Now , be warned
 One Hundred Years of Solitude , the greatest of all Latin American novels is the magic and multi-layered epic of the Buendia family and the story of their jungle settlement , Macondo.Like many other epics , this book has deeply-rooted connections with historical reality , i.e. , the development of Colombia since its independence from Spain in the early 19th century . The story of the Buendia family is obviously a metaphor for Colombia in the neocolonial period as well as a narrative concerning the myths in Latin American history.The finest example of magic realism , One Hundred Years of Solitude is a wonderfully comic novel , yet the book also exudes a pervading sense of irony ; a strong undercurrent of sadness , solitude and tragic futility . The intermingling of the fantastic with the ordinary keeps readers in a state of constant anticipation , especially where the generations of Buendia men are concerned.Some of this extraordinary novel 's most important effects are achieved through the interplay of time as both linear and circular . The founding of Macondo and its narrative , for the most part , follow time in a linear sense , as does the history of the Buendia family , who form a series of figures symbolizing the particular historical period of which they are a part.The book , however is almost obsessively circular in its outlook , as characters repeat , time and again , the experience of earlier generations . The book 's fatalism is underscored by this circular sense of time . Even a name a person is given at birth predetermines his or her life and manner of death , e.g. , the Aurelianos were all lucid , solitary figures , while the Jose Arcadios were energetic and enterprising , albeit tragic.The characters in One Hundred Years of Solitude represent the purest archetypes ; they are two dimensional and are used to convey certain thematic points . This enhances the beauty of the novel rather than detracting from it , for One Hundred Years of Solitude is thematic and metaphorical in nature rather than psychological.The male figures are obsessive , and full of ambitious projects and passionate sexuality . They are , however , given to extreme anger , irrational violence and long periods of self-imposed solitude.The female characters also lend themselves to categorization . With the exception of the Remedios , the women in the book exhibit either common sense and determination or passionate eroticism . But while the men are dreamy and irrational , the women are firmly rooted in reality . Both sexes , however , embody a similar fatal flaw ; they lack the ability to relate to the world outside of Macondo . They fall victim to their own constructions , plunging them into a harsh and long-lasting solitude.Macondo is fated to end the moment one of its inhabitants deciphers Melquiades the Gypsy 's manuscripts regarding the town 's history . In a sense , however , Macondo does survive . One of the few who take the advice of the Catalan bookseller and leave the town before its destruction is Gabriel Garcia Marquez , himself , who escapes with the complete works of Rabelais.This self-referential ending , pointing to the world beyond Macondo from which Garcia Marquez is telling the story tells us that whatever life is to be lived in Latin America should not be the magic but self-defeating experience of the Buendias , but rather an ever-widening life of learning and moving on ; the development of an awareness of doing what each situation requires.Garcia Marquez is more than a Nobel Prize winning author . He is a magician par excellence ; someone whose unique ability to produce a magical realm where anything is possible and everything is believable is unrivaled . This is the overwhelming reason why this dazzling masterpiece does , and will continue to attract , convince and hypnotize readers for decades to come .
 The beginning of the book contains a family tree of the Buendia family , and if you 're like me you 'll surely mangle and dog-ear this page as you work your way though the book , trying to keep track of the Aurelianos , Remedios , and Ursulas.But the struggle is worth it . This was truly the great novel that Garcia Marquez was meant to write ; to me everything of Marquez that followed seems like recycled material . I first read One Hundred Years of Solitude years ago before moving to Latin America . Now that I here and have read it again , many of the messages that before were inaccessible now reveal themselves . The Story of Macondo is the story of Colombia and , to a larger extent , of Latin America . The reviewers tell us this , but it is amazing to see it with my own eyes.The literal and the fantastic are interwoven with a seamlessness that amazes . One compares his style with Kafka before and Kundera after , literary voice established in this novel has withstood the test of time . It remains unique.The book is at once funny , sad , tragic ; it 's history and fantasy . But overall it is a marvelous read . Clearly one of my all time favorites . There are very few books that I recommend as highly as this one . A true classic .
 I first read this book about 10 years ago in a neighborhood book club I belonged to . Of the group of about 10 people , 8 hated it and only 2 loved it . No one was indifferent.Just because I gave this book a 5-star rating does n't mean I think everyone will like it . In my experience most will not . That 's because the book is hazy and does n't make sense . I often found myself flipping back 100 pages to figure out how the current character was related to the other previous characters . Sometimes I would find that the current character was the same character that had died or disappeared 100 pages previously.If you do n't know already this book is the fictionalized story of generations of a family and the latin-american town in which they live . It was one of the first books to be written in a style that is called `` magic-realism '' . That means that the book does n't have to make sense.This book is one of the top books I have ever read because it is the history of the world and everyone in it . I found myself over and over identifying with a character or recognizing someone I knew in a character . And as far as the `` magic-realism '' , I find that that is exactly the way life really is . I found that this book applies to everyone and its themes and characters are universal . Do n't make the mistake of thinking this is just a latin-american genre book . Nor should you think it is a dense , philosophical novel . The stories and sub-plots are captivating and interesting.In short , this book is weird and wonderful . Give it a shot and you might be surprised as I was .
 ` One Hundred Years Of Solitude ' is a fascinating book , full of symbols and allusions , a book that is easy to read and the strange and fragile surreality of which is truly outstanding.However , there is quite a huge number of people who dislike it - and after reading some negative reviews I think I might have understood why it 's like that . First of all , many object to the immoral things described in the book -LRB- especially incest -RRB- . I myself do n't read exclusively books by authors whose morals I agree with , but I understand that can differ . That is not the case with the second possible reason for people disliking this novel , however - and the reason is
 This is one of the strangest and most powerful books I have ever read . I usually read European classics but had read `` Love in the Time of Cholera '' years ago and decided to try Garcia Marquez again . I can honestly say that `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' is by far the most miraculously incredible , fast-paced , confusing , and magical novel I have ever read . I was n't sad when it ended , because it simply HAD to end where it did ; Garcia Marquez has a perfect sense of time.You find things in this novel that you simply can not find if you 're tied to the European tradition like I am -LRB- was -RRB- . People who live to be 144 . Rain that lasts over four years . Women so beautiful they cause death . A man whose presence is marked by swarms of yellow butterflies . People taken up to heaven . An `` immaculate '' suicide . These things happen all the time in this book , and the remarkable thing is that , for Garcia Marquez , they are perfectly unremarkable . They are an integral , wholly normal part of the world of his imagination , and the reader is fully engrossed in that world until the very last page.My one piece of advice for those wishing to read this book
 This is not an easy to read book ; if you are looking for light reading , this is not it . Also , this is not a book to read quickly ; it takes a lot of reflection to try to grasp the meaning -LRB- and often times you do n't -RRB- of the wonderous stories.Having said that , this is a wonderful book . Garcia Marquez tells the story of a family and a town , Macondo . The things that happen there are surreal ; strange murders , sleeping disorders , scientists , soldiers , all revolve around the mansion of the Buendia family in Macondo . The tales introduce the reader to 20th century Latin American literature , with tales of love , sadness , desperation , hurt , and loss.This is Garcia Marquez 's most famous work , and arguably his best . It is a book to be savored slowly , page by page , contemplated and reflected upon . If you are looking for a page turner or light reading , feel free to skip this book . It is made for a very specific type of reader , one that will take the time to decypher the meaning of the stories and uncover the artistic content hidden just below the surface of the page .
 I do n't really think this book needs my recommendation . It 's a legend by itself already and I doubt what I have to say will influence your opinion more than the book when you actually read it . Still , I 'll try to say what to expect and what not to expect.Most readers do n't need this warning , but some will probably catch the book because it 's `` well known and great '' . Remember , this is a classical novel , not some action one . If you need action and adventure , go elsewhere , just do n't try to plow over the book and then give it a one-star rating - you have been warned.Warnings aside , for a short description . The book is actually a case-study of one family 's lives in a small village `` on the edge of nowhere '' -LRB- supposedly in South America , on the verge of the XIX and XX century , but this is not something you want to attach too much attention to , since the village is actually a sort of `` neverland '' and its geographical location is , I think , only due to the fact that Marquez felt better describing places that felt ` nearer ' to him -RRB- . The book is actually a philosophical work , best described I think as a study of situations when a human being , though seemingly surrounded by friends , relatives and even loved ones , is actually alone . Hence the title - it 's actually a study of solitude without solitude , a solitude among people . A study made by a brilliant writer , in a breathtaking style which makes the book read like a thriller . Marquez builds the magical place that is the village very meticulously , making you almost want to seek out this neverland in reality.The main value of this book , its characters , atmosphere and the philosophy is not something you can describe in a review . You will just have to find it out for yourself . Which I greatly urge you to .
 This remarkable novel had been on my `` Must Read Soon '' list for nearly twenty years , and with some shame I admit that I only recently got around to it . What a stunning masterpiece this is ! I had read LOVE IN A TIME OF CHOLERA shortly after it appeared in English translation , and enjoyed it immensely , but as excellent as that was , it in no way prepared me for this amazing book . Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez 's virtuosity is apparent on every page , assembling a vast array of improbable and unusual elements and blending them together to produce something utterly unique . He reminds me of those jugglers in a circus who spin plates on sticks , balancing them on every conceivable part of their body . Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez brings in such disparate elements that one ca n't imagine that he will manage to be able to keep all his plates up in the air . Remarkably , he does.ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE is the novel we most frequently associate with Magical Realism . It is impossible to think of this book without referring to `` magic , '' but the magic has as much to do with Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez 's astonishing mastery of his material as it does with the extraordinary events that occur in the novel . In the hands of a lesser writer , this could have been a dreadful novel . Even a very good writer could be given a Cliff Notes summary of the book , and be asked to produce their own version , and produce a literary horror . The material is difficult , but Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez works it with a phenomenally deft touch , crafting it as superbly as Colonel Aureliano does his tiny gold fish . What is as unlikely is the way that he continuously introduces one supernatural element-a woman ascending to heaven while folding sheets , four years of rain followed by ten years of drought , a woman so sensual that her lovemaking causes livestock to reproduce at an usually fecund pace , a priest who levitates when drinking hot chocolate-after another without each new miracle seeming stale or losing its effect.The novel differs from most modern novels in that it does not contain in depth analyses of the characters . In fact , the characters are n't in general realistic characters at all . They function more like archetypes , and are sharply divided by gender . Men tend to act in the public arena , while women are guardians of the home and have it as their realm of influence . But not even the more fully drawn characters in the novel , such as Colonel Aureliano or his mother Ursula , emerge as full blown characters as in most serious novels in the 20th century . Nor is there a tightly constructed plot . Rather , the novel consists of a series of remarkable , fantastical collection of events and characters centered on a particular South American town . Some readers I know who want in depth , realistic characters have found the novel disappointing . But I have trouble accepting that a novel can take only one form.One could easily make the case that this is the most influential novel of the past forty years . It has had a profound influence not only in the Latin American world , but on writers in virtually every culture in the world . It has achieved a remarkable success in countries as disparate as Japan , Russia , the United States , and the various European nations . It is widely read in Africa and has been embraced in the Arab world as a modern day version of the Arabian Nights . The novel enjoys as close as one can find to universal appeal of any work of the past half century . My belief is that its success is merited and that it is one of the most remarkable novels that one can find .
 I love Amazon , but sometimes the book reviews are a little amazing . The author of this book won the Nobel Prize , largely for this book . It would probably make the top-25-of-all-time list of most reviewers . You would have little clue to the significance of the book by reading the reviews shown on the Amazon site -- one by Amazon and one by the Libary Journal . Snore .
 This book is one of the best novels that I have read for several reasons . First , the style of writing is very lucid and simple . Unlike many novels , the reader will find himself hooked on to the book in the early stages , not because of the story , but because of the way the story is told . Second , this book is about a family , and this is why there is a sense of coherency and continuity even though important characters die at different stages of the novel . The emotions that are linked to the death of important characters are missing from other novels , except at the very end in some cases , because the death of the main character would result in a loss of interest in the rest of the story . In this book we are allowed to live and feel these emotions without them having a negative effect on our interest . By the time one of the main characters grows old and is ready to die , a new one is born and a new angle is woven around him . Third , the ending of the story is simply amazing . Some say that our last impression of the novel is the real deciding factor . In this case the ending of the story is probably one of the best parts of it and the reader closes the book while still imagining the picture that the author carefully painted in the last few sentences .
 This book defeats a lot of people which is a shame because it is truly deserving of all its praise . It took me awhile , in fact several years to get going on it . The first couple of tries I was like what huh ? I do n't get it . Finally it made sense to me and I 've now read it several times and will read it many more . So If you are having trouble getting going on this book try again and again and eventually you will get it , it will be worth it when that happens .
 This book is like Achilles ' dream of Patroklos
 In One Hundred Years of Solitude , Gabriel Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez introduces us to the mythical town of Macondo , and tells the story of the Buend&iacute;a family who live , love and die there . It is a fascinating novel , full of dozens f plots that wind through a land where magic is part of daily life.We follow the Buend&iacute;a family through the town 's founding and the first Jose Arcadio Buend&iacute;a , throughout several generations to the books conclusion . In the beginning , the town of Maconda is a peaceful town isolated from the rest of the world , save for gypsies who visit every year , bringing new amazing things with them . Eventually the town , and the Buend&iacute;a family , lose their isolation as civil war , innovation and industry -LRB- in the form of the Banana company -RRB- sweep in.One Hundred Years of Solitude is hands down the best book I have read this year . It is not an easy read , but it is worth it . As much a philosophical study as an entertaining novel , you can read as much , or as little , into the story as you wish . There are complex themes blended with funny stories and exciting and surreal mini-plots . It is written in the style of `` Magical Realism , '' and there are several events throughout the book that are totally unexplained , and you are just forced to take them for what they are . Surprisingly , this is not as hard to do as you might think . The book has a great flow and you find yourself sucked into the lives of the Buend&iacute;a family.M&aacute;rquez does an amazing job of mixing fantasy with reality and weaving them into a moving novel . The loneliness and desperation of Colonel Aureliano Buend&iacute;a is palpable throughout the war years , and the theme of desperation pervades the whole book . When a character finds its way out of the city , such as when Remedios the Beauty rises to heaven , one feels elation for that character that they found a way to escape . Despite the sense of apathy that surrounds the book , the short anecdotal story lines keep the book from becoming bogged down and boring.The hardest part of reading this book was keeping some of the names straight . Several of the male characters have the same two names -LRB- Aureliano or Jose Arcadio -RRB- , and many of the lives are so intertwined that even those with names that are not similar are still easy to confuse . This was a detail I became accustomed to however , and there was a family tree included in the beginning of the book that helped to clarify thing.While One Hundred Years of Solitude , may not be light reading , it is a novel worth finishing -LRB- If for no other reason that to finally put all of the story-lines missing plot pieces together . -RRB- Like all good novels , there are questions in the book that are answered in the end and others that we can only answer ourselves . If you are looking for a book to challenge you and at the same time entertain you I highly recommend One Hundred Years of Solitude .
 With the sound of foreign laughter reverberating through the nearby wall , the letters upon the page began to shake and melt over one another.So I went to finish One Hundred Years of Solitude in a way that served as an unintentional reverence for the superb novel by Gabriel Garcia Marquez
 I just finished reading `` 100 Years of Solitude '' . I really enjoyed it , tho it took me 3 weeks to read it . Everytime I opened it back up to continue where I was I felt like I was stepping back into Macondo . There 's no place like it nor is there a family like the Buendia 's either . The story and the words used by Marquez are so deep in meaning and a sentence can mean so many things . I loved it and I love the twists and turns the family goes thru like any family . However , I knew what was going to happen in the end , which was really kinda ironic and funny . You have to read to find out .
 I 've read this masterpiece 7 times since I was 17 , now I am 24 ... Everytime I read it , I discover new things , even author 's mistakes . I just love it . Should be read by everybody .
 I started reading this book in 1981 but I failed several times , about 7 years later when I took some courses in Latin American history and only then I could read this book from the beginning to the end . Since then this book has been number one for me and nothing has come close to it . I also loved No One Writes to the Colonel by the same author . The interesting thing is that I tried to read One hundred Years . . again a couple of times but I could n't get through , so maybe this book has magical powers and calls upon its readers if it finds them ready .
 One Hundred Years of Solitude is not only Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's masterpiece , it is THE masterpiece of the twentieth century . Years from now , this book will -LRB- and rightfully so -RRB- be required reading for your children and grandchildren , and generations afterwards . My advice to you , the wary shopper , is to order this book or buy it IMMEDIATELY . If you consider yourself a mature reader -LRB- as I do -RRB- , you should get this book and grow.I should only be so lucky as to have never read it , so I could experience it again for the first time . If you 've started it and do n't really know where it 's going , FINISH IT . It is the best ending ever written , in my humble opinion , and would certainly be a contender for the best novel ever published period . Read it , and whether or not you finish it , pass it on . There is much to be learned here , if you are willing to learn it . And to those who ca n't finish it -- stick with it . To those who finished it and still did n't like it -- try again a few years down the road . You will discover a whole universe in those pages.Gabriel Garcia Marquez , like Toni Morrison , did not win the Nobel for no good reason . Find that reason and cherish it .
 This is an excellent book . I recommend it to anyone . The sensitivity that Marquez puts in this novel really takes you to the place and the situations lived by the characters in the book . I have read this book two times already and just as others say , `` You always find something new everytime you read it over again . '' It really is one of the best books of the century .
 This is an excellent book . I recommend it to anyone . The sensitivity that Marquez puts in this novel really takes you to the place and the situations lived by the characters in the book . I have read this book two times already and just as others say , `` You always find something new everytime you read it over again . '' It really is one of the best books of the century .
 This is the best book I 've read since The Triumph and the Glory . The quality of the writing is just superb . The characters so unrelentingly vivid they become as familiar as family . A very good book , I highly recommend it and cam just about guarantee that you will like it . Five stars .
 This is one of those books that you will make all of your friends read once you have experienced its magic . It will take your through a hundred years of deaths , births , tragedies , and joys of a cursed family . And the best part is the ending - a conclusion that will leave you breathless !
 This was a gripping story . Although had to look at the chart inside the cover a few times to see who was who 's who , the story was read in one sitting . Could n't put it down once I took it up .
 The surrealism of this book made me realize that life is a comedy for those who think and a tragedy for those who feel . I can not help myself to be so engrossed with the book because the author definitely expressed what was in his subconscious mind , characterized by unusual images . I was really fascinated with the rise and fall , birth and death of the mythical , but intensely real , Macondo and the Buendia family . Mr. Gabriel Garcia Marquez indeed deserves the Nobel Prize bestowed upon him . This book is a must-read for those who reflect and sense life 's numerous travesties and cataclysms .
 The surrealism of this book made me realize that life is a comedy for those who think and a tragedy for those who feel . I can not help myself to be so engrossed with the book because the author definitely expressed what was in his subconscious mind , characterized by unusual images . I was really fascinated with the rise and fall , birth and death of the mythical , but intensely real , Macondo and the Buendia family . Mr. Gabriel Garcia Marquez indeed deserves the Nobel Prize bestowed upon him . This book is a must-read for those who reflect and sense life 's numerous travesties and cataclysms .
 Do n't let the length of the book steer you away from reading . It is entertaining until the end with visuals and dialogue exceptionally written . `` Love in the Time of Cholera '' is another favorite of mine . If you enjoyed this book , do read it !
 This book is broken down into pseudo-chapters which follows a family through several generations . It 's fiction , but it 's a bit more than that . I remember reading somewhere that there is no difference between poetry or prose , fiction or nonfiction , that all these are just tools for writers to explain a truth . This book explains the truth in humans and everything from our vices to our virtues.The story also falls into a certain realm of fantasy because it does involve some supernatural elements such as ghosts and alchemy . It shows great men who lost their humanity , poor men who sold their souls for greed , the corruption of governments , the madness within ourselves , and the fallacy of our belief that people who are different than us are beneath us . The book follows an omniscient narrator as he tells the story of various family members of the Buendia family . Spanning several generations , these characters fill every quirk and vice that dogs humanity . My favorite character is Remedios the Beauty , who out of either extreme ignorance or extreme clarity is thought of as an eccentric , dumb girl . Her character poses the question , `` Is she really dumb or is she just smarter than us all ? `` The best books , though , are impossible to summarize and break down into succinct little paragraphs for those that have n't read it to truly understand . I plead that you read a few chapters into this book just to truly understand . More likely than not , if you prefer stuff by Stephen King or Dan Brown , you may not like this book . The book does not explain things point blank for you . It confuses you with over 30 characters , half of which have the same name . It melds storylines together from father , to son , to brother . It does n't hold your hand and create suspense to draw your attention and it surely does not answer every question you have like a nurturing parent . It requires pensive thought while reading and an intuitive grasp of things deeper than what the author writes to truly understand . When you finish the book , there will be a myriad of questions left unanswered and you may or may not feel a certain disdain for the author for creating such questions within you . Answer them yourselves , the answer is in humanity .
 I read this book about 30 years ago and recommend it to all my reading friends . It 's been a cult classic and now I see Oprah has finally caught on ! This book was translated from Spanish to English and it is wonderful!My son told me the name for this kind of writing is suspended realism . Like so many Spanish speaking authors , Marquez takes the reader on a beautiful journey with his words .
 One Hundred Years of Solitude chronicles 100 years of a family -LRB- of Buendia -RRB- and a village -LRB- city -RRB- that the `` first of the family line '' founded . The prose is lyrical and flows as smoothly as a river . That is , sometimes there are rapids and other times calm . The genre is magical realism , and it is fascinating watching the magic evolve with the family and village . After finishing this book , I 'm not 100 % certain what Marquez meant by it , though . It has anti-war and anti-oppressive-regime themes , but there 's something more that I have n't quite put my finger on yet . I may need to re-read it after letting it settle for a while .
 This book taught me to love reading . There are many characters and it 's a bit difficult to keep track of them at times but I still could n't put this book down . I have to put it back on my reading list .
 Just an awesome , awesome novel . At first it struck me as something I would detest , full of telling and no showing hardly at all . But after a hundred pages , I realized there was a certain genius to what was being written . At its most basic , this is the story of a family and the growth of a small town in South America over a hundred years . But it 's really so much more than that , so much so that I ca n't really describe it . This was my first knowing experience with literature that is supposed to be from the magic realism genre , which is closely related to fantasy , but I can see the difference . Would I recommend this novel ? Not for everyone . If you are someone who enjoys overly literary tales which say much between the lines , then this is for you . If you are a reader who likes straight-forward stories , this wo n't be your thing .
 One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a book of great lyrical magic which tells the story of Jose Arcadio Buendia , his wife Ursula and their descendants in the village of Macondo which they founded after leaving their home in the mountains and searching for the ocean . They failed to find the ocean but built the town on the edge of a great swamp . The town grows and changes as time is transformed by modern inventions . The first of these inventions are brought by the gypsies , one of which was a heavy man with `` an untamed beard and sparrow hands '' who introduced himself as Melquiades . He sold Jose Arcadio Buendia a magnet and later a telescope . These items transformed Jose Arcadio Buendia from an industrious man who helped build the village into a man obsessed.Obsessions , solitude , love and war are themes of One Hundred Years of Solitude . Character after character seems to fall into one strange obsession after another . There is a girl who eats dirt to manage her pain , a man who loses his mind and is tied to a chestnut tree for years , a man who spends years writing on parchments and another man who spends years trying to decipher them.As Maconda is at first an isolated village , we see also that many of those living there have isolated themselves in one way or another and live in solitude . Indeed , solitude is a word which Garcia Marquez using frequently in the book . Aside from those characters who have locked themselves away physically are those who have removed themselves in other ways by rejecting love for fear of the transformative hurt which love can cause or by allowing war to take the place of love and human feeling.Gabriel Garcia Marquez wanted to tell the story in the way in which his grandmother told stories , with a granite face and a rambling way in which both listener and storyteller became lost in the story . He certainly accomplished this . At any point of the book the language and story telling is beautiful , but also is a twisting path in which the reader wonders both where are we going and where have we been?Because of this manner of `` story telling '' One Hundred Years of Solitude is a challenge to read , but well worth the effort with its tale rich with strange and magic characters , and mystical events .
 I began the novel with very high hopes ; I love magic realism , and I 'd heard that this is the best of the lot . It did not disappoint . Marquez is a brilliant author who has created a brilliant story of a family and a town and modernization . His writing is spectacular , funny , sad , wistful ; his characters are amusing , poignant , and sad , and have a humanity that is rarely seen in literature . All in all , well worth the effort and touching , and very worthy of being called the greatest work of magic realism .
 The best way to describe ` One Hundred Years of Solitude ' is as an adult fairy tale . What with flying carpets and people living for over 100 years , to name but two of the fantastical elements of this story , you need to suspend disbelief to get the most from this poetic and rich story . Based around the various generations of the Buendia family this book explores the various lives and exploits of each family member . It has a mixture of events that make for interesting stories in their own right and give the book the feel of a short story collection with the same characters and a loose over arching theme to tie it all together . It took me some time to get used to the style , but once I did I found it to be an engrossing and rewarding read . Well worth a look if you like evocative language and vivid imagery and due to the fantasy elements it reminded me of Salman Rishdies ` Satanic Verses ' and if you liked that then this is well worth a try . A strong 4 star book.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
 It 's a sophisticated read with MANY subplots -LRB- most of which include characters with the same name -RRB- . It can be confusing at times , but it 's a good book once you learn each character . I read this book 5 times since 2008 and each time I read it , I discover something new . Do n't expect a book you can just read once and move on with your life . It 's not that simple .
 Most likely the greatest epic I have ever read . The story grips you , pulls you in , and commands 100 % of your concentration . Marquez deserves two Nobel Prizes for this tale .
 What can I say about the best book I have ever read ? Fabulous characters , based on Garcia Marquez 's memories of his childhood , and magical realism . Once you have read this book , you will never , ever forget it ! Since I have read `` Solitude '' I have also devoured Marquez 's other books , in particular , `` Love in the Time of Cholera '' which is the most beautiful love story ever written . I now have most if not all of `` Gaby 's '' books , most of which I have purchased through Amazon . He is really and truly the greatest !
 While the Spanish edition by Catedra is always with me , the English translation is also excellent . Having read this book several times , I believe it presents different opportunities to experience life through the each of the characters . It is not so much identification with them , since they are very intense following the precise rules of the novel , but there are interesting characteristics that one can recognize . By all means , read this book .
 This book was my first foray into the realm of magical realism . Beautifully written and intricate , the author does an amazing job of bringing the town to life . While it is a difficult read , and keeping the character 's apart is tricky , this book is truly one of the most memorable novel I have read in a long time . Just a side note , be sure to dog-ear the family tree at the beginning . You 'll need it A LOT ! If you liked this book , you might also like Midnight 's Children by Salman Rushdie .
 This story really does take a geniune effort to read . With that it is a fantastic journey that will toy with your emotions in both positive and negative ways . A little confusing at times , but with steady reading it all comes together . Wonderful piece of literature !
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez ' One Hundred Years of Solitude is an incredibly wild , voluminous adventure , and it is chock-full of fantastical events that are so many in number that they make the reader dizzy just trying to keep up . While the book may , at some times , have been confusing for various reasons -LRB- such as the exhorbitant amount of characters with the same name -RRB- , I found myself working past the bewilderment to understand the story ; therefore , it was with effort that I enjoyed this book . And enjoy it I did . Although I do n't guarantee you 'll value you it as I did , I do assure you that it has much worth indeed .
 I bought this book despite the few negative reviews I read about it and was glad that I read it!Sure , everyone 's entitled to their own opinion , and previous reviews were right about it not being a book everyone will necessarily like , but if you have patience and a good memory , you will enjoy this book!Yes , it gets confusing because the same names get used throughout the whole book for different generations in the family , but it all ties in to the overall story , which , I thought , only made the story better . You do n't see many books like this one , so it 's definitely worth a try =-RRB- .
 This book was slow to grab me . I made the mistake of trying to read it an hour or so at a time . Because keeping track of characters is a bit challenging , due to the topic family 's re-use of names generation after generation , it helps to sit down and read for good stretches of time to keep things straight in your head . When I did that ... I was transported into another place and time . What a moving and beautiful story ! By the time you reach the end , you are dizzy in the tale , and the strange and fantastic ending makes perfect sense and ends the story perfectly . Not for the light reader , but for a curl up and read for a weekend reader , this is a good book to ` escape ' with .
 This book blew my mind . I can be a bit slow and confusing -LRB- there are many characters with the same of very similar names -RRB- but the writing is of a caliber seldom seen . The story is intense and the people stick with you for years !
 I first read `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' not long after it was first published in English , almost 40 years ago . It was a wonderful , and magically , if you will , introduction to Latin American literature . Subsequently , I 've read several other works by Marquez , notably , Love in the Time of Cholera -LRB- Vintage International -RRB- some 20 years later , but none have quite cast the spell of my first `` love , '' this one , so I figured a re-read was in order . The `` magic '' of magic realism has lost none of its charm.The story involves six generations of one family , established by Jose Arcadio Buendia and Ursula Iguaran , who also helped found the town of Macondo , in the lowlands of Columbia , though the country is never specifically identified . The in-breeding -LRB- and also out-breeding -RRB- in this one family is simply astonishing . I ca n't remember if the original edition had a genealogical chart at the beginning , but this one does , and it provides an invaluable reference in keeping the philanderings , and the subsequent progeny , straight , particularly since numerous individuals over the generations have the same name . What is the `` Scarlet Letter '' that is prophesized for a family with such a high degree of consanguinity ? That a child will be born with a pig 's tail.Marquez dazzles the reader with the intensity of his writing ; it 's as though he had a 1600 page book in him , but is given a 400 page limit . It is the furious sketching of a street artist , making every line count in a portrait . The strengths , follies , and interactions of the men and women are depicted in memorable events . And there seems to be a realistic balance and development of his characters . Marquez is also the master of segue , from one event to the other , and from one generation to another , with his characters moving from swaddling clothes , on to adulthood , and then into their decrepitude.From my first reading , I had remembered Rebeca , with her `` shameful '' addiction to eating dirt . First time around , I chalked it up to Marquez 's `` magical realism , '' since no one really ate dirt . Several years later I learned that it is a wide-spread medical problem , often driven by a mineral deficiency that the person is trying to remediate . The author also describes the disease of insomnia which was spread to Macondo , with an accompanying plague of forgetfulness . Magical realism , or the forgetfulness of the `` now '' generation that has lost the stories of the past?Establishing the time period comes slowly . Marquez mentions Sir Frances Drake , but he is in the unspecified past . It is only when a family portrait is taken , as a daguerreotype photo , that one realizes it must be in the 1840 's -50 's , with six generations to go . There are a multitude of themes
 Marquez credited Kafka 's `` The Metamorphosis '' with giving him the realization that stories could be written in that way -- and , indeed , he could be a writer . The Kafkaesque influence comes in subtle and beautiful ways throughout this book ; where the fantastic is presented so matter-of-factly that one can not help but accept it as reality . It * is * reality -- and it gives the entire book a sense of everyday magic.Quite simply put , this is one of the most beautiful , sweeping novels that I 've read in a very long time . Characters not only benefit from their exquisite drawing , but are enriched by a hundred years of family history -- of the growth and death of a town , of the patriarchs , of the ghosts of ancestors who may or may not walk around . They are perpetually haunted , lonely , driven ; cemented in time and place even as the world moves on.It 's a book you want to crawl into and live within its pages . You want to feel the whitewashed walls , to taste the dust and the tang of mercury , to see the sun shining through the windows on the skin of the inhabitants . And , perhaps , because the book presents the fantastic as the real -- it feels like you really * could * do that fantastic thing and escape inside forever.It 's a rare 5-star rating for me .
 If you want an example of how to touch the human heart with words on a page , look no further than the work of the incredible Gabriel Garcia-Marquez . You could open this book to a page in which the making of a ham sandwhich is being described , but if it is being described by Garcia-Marquez ... you may find yourself in tears ... this is not an exaggeration . The plot is completely original , the characterization is some of the best with certain characters such as Colonel Aureliano Buendia and Remedios the Beauty , and if there was ever a book that provided an escape to another world ... this is it . After putting it down , you may look at your surroundings and find everything to be painfully dull . Gabo is a master .
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez accomplishes a superb piece of literature . This book is written in a fascinating manner and transports the reader into a world that is seemingly impossible yet totally didactic . A + ! Bravo , Mr. Marquez , and thank you .
 Gabriel Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez who has created in `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' an enchanted place that does everything but cloy . Macondo oozes , reeks and burns even when it is most tantalizing and entertaining . It is a place flooded with lies and liars and yet it spills over with reality . Lovers in this novel can idealize each other into bodiless spirits , howl with pleasure in their hammocks or , as in one case , smear themselves with peach jam and roll naked on the front porch . The hero can lead a Quixotic expedition across the jungle , but although his goal is never reached , the language describing his quest is pungent with life : `` The men on the expedition felt overwhelmed by their most ancient memories in that paradise of dampness and silence , going back to before original sin , as their boots sank into pools of steaming oil and their machetes destroyed bloody lilies and golden salamanders . For a week , almost without speaking , they went ahead like sleepwalkers through a universe of grief , lighted only by the tenuous reflection of luminous insects , and their lungs were overwhelmed by a suffocating smell of blood . '' This is the language of a poet who knows the earth and does not fear it as the enemy of the dreamer.Near the end of `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' a character finds a parchment manuscript in which the history of his family had been recorded `` one hundred years ahead of time '' by an old gypsy . The writer `` had not put events in the order of man 's conventional time , but had concentrated a century of daily episodes in such a way that they coexisted in one instant . '' The narrative is a magician 's trick in which memory and prophecy , illusion and reality are mixed and often made to look the same . It is , in short , very much like M&aacute;rquez 's astonishing novel.This book gives you kind of a feeling of living in a dreamland that is all too real . I highly suggest checking this book out asap
 The novel opens with one of literature 's greatest leads `` Many years later , as he faced the firing squad . . '' and never lets up through the four hundred some odd pages that follow . People will often say about an author `` There 's nobody like them . . '' and that 's especially true for Garcia Marquez . This is n't a traditional novel , and I ca n't guarantee you 'll love it . Like a lot of great Latin America fiction , it just is n't for some people . However , if you love Latin American writers and for some reason have n't read Marquz 's masterpiece , I recommend you do so as soon as possible . The novels plot , in so much as it has a plot , is documenting a family , the Buendia 's , over a period of one hundred years . The family is imperfect and dysfunctional to say the least , but are also very powerfully described , and by the end you will know them so well you 'll feel as if you know them personally.I would also recommend getting the Everyman 's library version of this book . It is well bound , beautiful and will hold together . And I do n't know if other versions have this or not , but it has a Buendia family tree at the beginning , which is helpful for telling apart characters , as their names are often nearly identical . As one review put it , it leaves you with a pleasant exhaustion that only very great novels provide . There are very few books I 've enjoyed as much as this one , and I recommend you at least give it a shot . Even if you put it down for a while , I 'm willing to bet you will be drawn back to it before long . It 's interesting and well written , with all of the magic you 'd expect from a Latin American great , and it 's definitely worth a read .
 Gabriel Garcia Marques is a giant among world and South American Writers . This book is an eye opener for those interested in South American lore and Magical Realism . A true masterpiece . Could not put it down .
 First of all , I must say that GGM is probably the one writer that gave me an endless appetite for all things literature . I now read like a book per week thanks to him.This novel basically describes the progress mankind has been able to accomplish throughout millennia and how in the end we are not that far away from were we started . Moreover , it makes this whole thing that people will behave according to their names which just makes you think about life.I must say that I read it in the summer of 07 . It took me a month to read it from cover to cover . I got mad at the end because I seriously did not like it one bit . However , I sat down with a friend of mine and she broke down all the aspects of the novel and I was able to better understand the whole thing . I have been reading GGM for several years now , this by far is the cream of the crop.If you think this novel is too much for you , I do n't blame you . Start with other , shorter novels , like a `` Chronicle of a death foretold '' and '' Of love and other demons '' to familiarize yourself with his style . Then try again to undertake the arduous work of reading this masterpiece . lol
 Like many that reviewed this book , it can be a struggle , the names are difficult to follow and it is not an easy read . I learned a very important lesson while reading this book ... great literature is not always simple and straightforward . I believe you get as much out of this book as you put into it . This is probably one of the top five books I have ever read and after all of the `` work '' I put into it , I was rewarded many times over . All of my good friends are getting this for Christmas .
 This is another book I admired more than enjoyed . The term `` magic realism '' has been coined to describe it , but what Garcia Marquez does , is akin to what Kafka and Joyce have done , but in a style less concise than the former , and less abstract than the latter . He tells the fantastic tale of Macondo and the Buendia family in the most sober of styles , offering up surrealism as part family portrait and part Latin American history.The repetition of names serves as a device to hermetically seal off the Buendias from the rest of society , thus ensuring their solitude . It can be overwhelming at times , and I frequently had to refer to the family tree to get my bearings . Each member of the clan has unique strengths or attributes , as well as fatal flaws , that isolate them from others . The Buendias seem to be in constant struggle , either with themselves , with the rules of society , or with the natural world in the form of ants , scorpions , and torrential rains that last for almost 5 years . The alchemic quest , the transmutation of the dross into the sublime , seems to be a running theme.Garcia Marquez is very adept at descriptive imagery , but it seems overused at points . I never felt empathy with any character . There is a lack of pathos in this novel . Outrageous humor is in my opinion , one of the chief qualities of this novel , and probably it 's greatest strength , more so to me than the surrealism and obvious symbolism .
 The critics ran out of adjectives to describe this one . When I finished reading the last word in the last sentence on the last page , I understood what they were talking about.This is NOT just a novel . It is a fairy tale . It is an epic . It is poetry . Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez is a modern day Vyasa . If you love books and have n't read this one yet , WHAT ON EARTH HAVE YOU BEEN DOING ?!
 In our reading group , the question was asked , `` What 's this book about ? '' That 's the problem with a work so unique - it passes description . One of us tossed out `` the life of a village '' and maybe that 's the best way to say it . By whatever description , this is a book of rare wisdom and deep pathos . Truly one of those books that you will be glad you read .
 One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel Garcia Marquez is the type of book that once you finish reading , you will want to buy a copy for everyone you know . This tremendous novel is so pressed with humanity that you will suspect that every person you know will be able to relate to some aspect of it . One Hundred Years of Solitude is the story of the Buendia family , a dynasty that inhabits the mythical village of Macondo for ten decades until the last of their line breathes his last breath . The cast of characters continually changes as new Buendias are born , grow up and die . Mr. Marquez invents a singular , mystical air for each of his characters , charging each of their tales with enchantment , wonderment and meaning . In the span of their existences , some of the family seek love , others solitude ; some serenity , others uprising ; some industry , others intimacy . Regardless of his or her life 's pursuit , each member of this family is absolutely unforgettable and very easy to sympathize with . Some novels incorporate a tremendous range of the uniformly important aspects of life . This is certainly one of them .
 This epic novel is as much about non-change and having one 's subconscious roots stick with them , as much as it is about the outwardly , external transformations going on in the adaptable town of Macondo . The vast interplay among genders and other relationship roles between the conservative moralist and the liberal freedom fighter , religion and science , old and young , lovers and lustful temptations , community and business , health and openness , etc define the rapid transformations that invade the sleepy hamlet of Macondo and the residents of it 's original founders of the Buendias and the Arcadios . As much as men are at the center of action during war , strikes , assassinations , persecutions , scientific and geographical discovery , and the search for sexual satisfaction , women hold the core of the household and people 's sanity together . It is the patience and selflessness Ursula , Pilar , Renata , and finally Fernanda exude that smoothes out the roughened edges and keeps the house remarkably intact without any significant violence breaking out , with one exception and with maintaining a self-respect for the pioneers that came before them.It is through the ineffective fallibility of the men 's characterstics to repeat the mistakes of the past and eventually lead into a parochial faceted neuroticism that leads to the destruction of the last becon of fortitude in Macondo , the Buendias household . Melquiades ' prophetic words reverberate in one 's mind as the final victims of their complacency are diminished to death by the ravages of nature and by their resignation to complete the cyclical journey of ending peacefully one 's journey at the point of one 's nascent origination.One hundred years pass never to be repeated or documented and written off to the annals of history . This ending , sadly paralleled the destruction reaped upon this quaint villages through the forces of imperialist , industrial , capitalism . Losing it 's connectivty and bonds led to the destruction of Macondo with such unforeseen forces only to be overwhelmed by it at the end with nothing to record the reasons for it 's fall . Therefore , it was bound to repeat and repeat it did until a higher consciousness was awakened by further tragedies that would lead to the obliteration of millions of lives with WWI and WWII.The Macondo 's no longer exist and innocence has been lost through years of backstabbing exploitation , but Gabriel Garcia Marquez has given us all a treasure that we can rejoice in our solitude that will balance our perspective and leave us attune to our inner peace among the rapid , stop n go , rollercoaster ride hecticness that is life . Truly a must read for anyone searching for the roots and meaning of effective balance .
 It 's a spell . You ca n't love it , hate it , or ignore it . You can only read it with sometimes teary eyes . An infection that 's been dormant in a deep memory . It does n't look at life , but gravity itself radiates from an infinitessimal center to a pulse as big as all time and all space . It goes with ease through the evidence of reality without making a religion out of it , and all the religions that have been stuck to it peal away . Reasons , pride , taboos , all imposed order floats harmlessly in the stratosphere , with only humanity down here , as if there were only one person playing with memories that do n't make sense . Or as if there were only the memories with nothing to make them into sense . It 's an experience that lingers from original incest to the final dust .
 The copy I have of One Hundred Years of Solitude had been passed between backpackers in Europe in 1994 . Each person read it and passed it on to someone else at the next hostel they arrived at . It is dog-eared and falling apart but its world trip ended with me as I just could n't pass it on ... I was told by the man who passed it on to me that it was the best book he had ever read and he wanted to share the gift . I agree - but I 'm too selfish to share and will read it over and over until it turns to dust
 In the afterword that describes the author , it is said that the Marquez was deeply influenced by two things in his life . One was his first eight years of childhood with his grandparents . His grandmother would tell him the most fantastic things with the same expression and voice with which she would talk of normal facts . Another was the reading of Kafka 's ` Metamorphosis ' , which recounted `` the wildest things with a completely natural tone of voice '' , in his words.The same technique is used in this novel . Improbable things happen and happen and happen in this book ; long run-on sentences describe ordinary and unbelievable events in the same breath . The reader is swept into the torrent of mystical happenings of Macondo , the small , pertinacious , fantastic village.The book follows the rise and fall of the Buendia family and Macondo , intricately knit together by the thread of fate . Six generations of Buendias appear in this book , and several generations exist at once
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez ' `` One Hundred Years Of Solitude '' is the literary equivalent of a magic carpet ride , your own magic genii come to life , and Shaharazade 's 101 tales wrapped into one brilliant , multilayered epic novel . From page one you will voyage with the most remarkably original cast of characters , through worlds of vibrant color , where the sun shines almost always - when not obscured by a four year downpour . You will find yourself laughing out loud when you are not sobbing in sympathy with someone dying of heartbreak . I do not like to label Sr. . Garcia Marquez ' work `` magical realism . '' There is no label to accurately describe the writing that gifted us with `` One Hundred Years Of Solitude . '' This is a book that defies description . You must read it to experience the fantastically real world of Macondo , and the people who live there . Once you know them , they will be a part of your own world forever . Have you ever looked at a painting , walked into it and become a part of it ? When you open this novel at page one , you are beckoned to enter.Macondo is a mythical South American town , founded , almost by accident , by Jose Arcadio Buendia , and populated primarily by his descendants . This is the story of one hundred years in the life of Macondo and its inhabitants - the story of the town 's birth , development and death . Civil war and natural calamities plague this vital place whose populace fights to renew itself and survive . This is a huge narrative fiction that explores the history of a people caught up in the history of a place . And Marquez captures the range of human emotions and the reasons for experiencing them in this generational tale.There is much that is delightful and comical here . Surprises never cease , whether it be Remedios ascending , or a man whose presence is announced by clouds of butterflies . There is satire , sexuality and bawdiness galore . But there is also a pervading sadness and futility that permeates throughout . Cruelty is a reality in Marquez ' world , as are failure , despair and senseless , sudden violence . The plot is filled with passion , poetry , romance , tragedy and the echoes of the history of Colombia and Latin America.I first read `` One Hundred Years Of Solitude '' in 1968 , while living in Latin America . I have read it 2 or 3 times over the years , always picking up new pieces of wonder that I had previously missed . This is my favorite novel , and I am an avid reader . My favorite fictional character is Melquiades , the gypsy who foretells the future of the township and whose ghost accompanies the reader until there is no more to read . Having read this in Spanish and English , I must laud Gregory Rabassa 's extraordinary translation which faithfully brings to life not only Marquez ' story , but his lyrical prose . This is one of the 20th Century 's best works of fiction . It is a masterpiece not to be missed.JANA
 Absolutely.This , in my mind , is one of the greatest accomplishments in South American literary history , and perhaps some of the greatest of the past century period.Nothing in this novel is in there just to be in there . I 've read this book 3 times , every time more is unlocked and the seemingly random points of the book suddenly connect , and then they landslide into further amazing ideas and meanings , and I can honestly say that no book since the Bible has this many honest life lessons and profound meaning.No word is wasted , and every letter sets you one step closer to unlocking this treasure of a novel hidden at the center of a forest of imagery . I read this book for school , wrote an essay on it , discussed it with friends , and read it again , and then I was so fascinated with it that I read it again . The story is captivating , the cycles of life the handling of time are simply so profound I can not believe that this all came from one man . I thank you , Gabriel Garcia Marquez , for writing quite possibly , my favorite novel of all time . I could only imagine it 's brilliance in its native Spanish . Much like Naruda , each reading unlocks even more beautiful subtleties and spectacular connections to modern life.So , in conclusion , if you have any curiosity , entertain it and pick up this novel . Please ignore the dissenters about this book , read it for yourself and decide .
 This is the definition of literature . Years from now , when this age in art history is named Magic Realism or something like that , this book will be its definition . I dare a serious , mature reader to pick this book up and not at least admire the writing . And the ending is something else altogether . Garcia-Marquez leaves the reader to ponder it . I promise that if you pick it up , finish it , and think about it , you will realize that it has the most wonderful , important , and intelligent endings ever written . The realization of it for the reader is almost overpowering . I 'm only 17 , and I know I will read this book many more times in my life . A MASTERPIECE .
 The book tells of the fascinating rise and fall of the Buendia family . It is not really all that long , never dull , and clearer than the most transparent crystal -LRB- although , taken at a deeper level , the book offers much more than what appears on the surface -RRB- . In many respects , the book tells of the rise of , and predicts the fall of , humankind . In this sense , it is allegorical fiction at its finest . Along the way , it tells a cornucopia of stories about love , war , peace , remembrance , time , joy , pain , and many other emotions beyond description in this small amount of space .
 I bought the other hardback translation and found it almost impossible to follow . Gregory Rabassa 's is flowing , lyrical and much truer to the original Spanish .
 This book was AWESOME !! I can not describe how much fun this text was to read . The author really gets his point across and enjoyed writing this book as the reader can tell . Anyone could read this book and thoroughly enjoy it . This book is not beyond anyone 's reach . I loved it . The characters were so symbolic of the times . The whole Jose Arcadio Buendia family just makes me laugh . It was like a soap opera or drama written/viewed today
 One of the few books of AP English that I actually finished , this book held me spellbound . It created that thirst that took over 400 pages to satisfy.desc I 've read the reviews of others on this site , and most either loved it or hated it . -LRB- Which is the usual responce when a book this amazing is written . -RRB- The slow , destined , circular descent of the Buendia family promoted the view that time does not travel in a straight line , but twists and turns and repeats itself . The family represents mankind -LRB- i think -RRB- , and many of the occurences and metaphors of the story remind the reader of historical and psychological truths . And the little tidbits of `` whaat ! '' kept the book light-hearted and fun to read , as all 400 page books should be . Those who didnt like it probably mis-directed their attention , avoided the depth but critiqued the purposely shallow ends of the book . In conclusion , a beautiful read , definitly should be required reading for all of humanity !
 When I finished this book , I closed it and almost started laughing and crying at the same time . Laughing , because it is so wonderfully and joyously alive . Crying , because I would never again have the opportunity to read it for the first time . Simply marvelous . Everyone in the world owes it to themselves to read this book .
 Unfortunately for Marquez , this is the title that is most loved . He has expressed a preference for ` The Autumn of the Patriarch ' . But for the rest of us ' 100 Years ' opens up worlds , opens up minds and opens up literature . If you have n't read it you are missing a dazzling milestone in 20th Century literature .
 I am an English professor , a serious reader , a lover of life , a happy person when I 'm not miserably depressed , and I 'm not one for overstating events , opinions or art . So I 'll put it simply
 This is one of my all time favorite books ! . It is not common to see an author who can express very subtle feelings and sensations in such simple and creative images . You should read it in spanish , because there are some metaphors and images that deserve to be read in their original language.Prepare yourself to be guided by Melquiadez to an exciting trip through the timeless pueblo of Mancondo and to experience once more the often forgotten pleasure of reading .
 If you consider America the landmass on both sides of the equator betwixt the Atlantic and Pacific -- then American literature is truly enriched by everything that 's written between Baffin Island and Cape Horn . As a young student in high school in American lit we read Hawthorne , Melville , Twain , Fitzgerald -- great reading to be sure -- but only one slice of the expansive American experience . It was n't until college and when I read Garcia Marquez 's 100 Years -- that the American novel took on a new and wonderful meaning . A work vibrant and unique , with undertones of the old world , but one still wholly and distinctly a creation of this side of the world . 100 Years is as impressive as Moby Dick , Gatsby , Huck Finn -- and a novel of uncommon beauty , vision , and style
 This book is not for everybody.I understand why the reviewers gave it one star.I am from Spanish descent and I read it when I was 12 years old and did n't think much of it.But I picked up a copy the other day 28 years later and thought it was fabulous.I think you have to have some spanish-latinamerican blood to grasp what Gabriel Garcia Marquez narrated in this book.It is very entertaining and comical.I give it 5 stars .
 100 Years of Solitude is an amazing story where reality and fantasy meet in the lives of the Buendias . Throughout the history of this one family , it is hard to tell what is fact and what is fiction . The best comparison would be to `` Big Fish '' in which the stories are tall-tales , but yet not without fact . All in all , I recommend this book to everyone .
 Now that 's a mixed blessing . Thanks , Oprah.I have read this book maybe 20 times in the past 15 years . It is like going back to your favorite place , or to your favorite memory . In a few pages , and with astonishing clarity , wit and poetry , Garcia Marquez creates an allegory of the history of mankind . And he makes it look so easy . The final 2 pages of this book alone should qualify as one of literature 's greatest achievements.While some may argue that `` Love in the time of cholera '' is his best book , `` One Hundred years '' is by far his most ambitious and engrossing read . Be warned
 This book is an absolutely perfect example of Marquez ' talent . One of my favorite books , `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' conatins the secrets of life and heaven and should be required reading for every person on the planet . I ca n't praise this book enough . If you ca n't buy it , borrow it from the library .
 One Hundred Years of Solitude is a masterpiece . The novel tracks the life of a family and the village it founds since its creation to its death . With a passion for inventions and progress the first Jose Arcadio Buendia creates a village and family that thrives driven by friendliness , hospitality and genuine curiosity . As the family expands however , and the years pass , this original drive is replaced by less noble ambitions . Jose Arcadio 's heirs are gradually caught up by their weaknesses and relive the lives and mistakes of their ancestors.The novel would not have been such a masterpiece if Marquez had not employed a style that fitted perfectly with his goal -- through magical realism , somewhat dispassionate and cyclical storytelling he manages to convey to the reader his main idea -- that the life of the Buendias and Macondo and pretty much every human being in this world is full of tragedy and drama , hope and hapiness . It is the flow of life that makes Marquez characters stand out -- yes , unknowingly they repeat the mistakes of their fathers and sometimes they recognize it , even if it is on their deathbed . But the stregth with which they continue to live and love makes them stand out . Those that do not do not leave any memory or sign of their existence . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Why is this book one of the greatest pieces of literature ever written ? First , it speaks to universal truths about the human condition , independent of culture . The behaviour and motivations of the people of the mythical town of Macondo , near the Caribbean coast of Colombia , seem as familiar as those of our neighbors , wherever we live . Secondly , the work illustrates how we are fated to repeat the successes , follies , and failures of our ancestors . It makes rational the belief of the Indians of central and Sourth America concerning the circular nature of life and time . And thirdly , it is written in language so elegant that it cries out to be read again and again . I have read it four times in Spanish and three times in English , and I am sure I am not finished yet . By the way , the translation by Gregory Rabassa is a remarkable piece of literature in itself .
 Un cl&agrave;sico de la literatura de latinoam&egrave;rica . uno de los mejores ejemplos de realismo m&agrave;gico y , probablemente , la mejor obra de Garc&igrave;a M&agrave;rquez .
 From its ' famous opening sentence -LRB- probably the greatest opening sentence of all time -RRB- to its ' unlikely ending this is probably the greatest book ever written in this hemisphere . This is the novel that earned Marquez the Nobel Prize and it was never more deserved . It has been my favorite book for twenty years and I 've just gotten a brand new copy and I ca n't wait to read it again with the new perspectives gained in that time . It is impossible to describe yourself as well read if you have n't read this all time classic .
 An amazingly beautiful lyrical book which carefully weaves magicical realism into the intricate account of 100 years of a family , each character unique , complex and endearing . Every sentence reads like poetry and soon you are entranced , finding yourself drifting dazily into the town of Macondo , and imagining hanging your cot with the rest of the Buendia family . I have read this book three times , and notice new glimpses of Marquez 's genius each time . And if the lyrical passages and poetic descriptions are n't enough , there is lots of sex , war , jealousy , violence , passion and love . Only the brilliance of Marquez could combine all of this into one book . And most delightful of all , the images linger long after the last page has been read .
 100 years of a story that has already been told and that is yet to happen . Magic is heard , seen and touched through the lively descriptions of Gabriel Garcia Marquez . One is surely going to get goosebumps by the end of this timeless narration . It is a saga of solitude , of desperation , but still a story of power , love , failure and fate . A book you will not read , you will devour . .
 A multi-sensory experience from print is hard to believe . Hair stood up on my body . Tears flowed , and my mind raced in wonder.Who is this magician ? How has he learned these things ? How have his words affected me so?It 's also like eating rich food ; a torte , shellfish . Something wonderful to be savored slowly , in small bites . It 's easy to be overwhelmed by this book.I want to be buried with this book.I ca n't believe it 's out of print .
 My favorite Garcia-Marquez title , and one of my favorite booksever . What a treat this book was to read . I remembergetting to the ending , and about 10 pages from the finishstarting to cry uncontrollably , and not stopping until longafter the book was done . A true work of beauty .
 Living here - in Colombia - is always wanting to leave . Andthat 's why we all stay here.Contradictory feelings
 This is really an amazing novel , and I feel quite comfortable saying that Gabriel Garcia Marquez certainly deserved his Nobel prize , even though this is the only book of his I have actually read so far -LRB- I will be reading more soon hopefully -RRB- . I must admit , however , that I was a bit mystified by the novel at first . The books I read tend to fall into three classes . The first class of books are books I feel like I `` get '' right away on a first read through without having to read anything about them . The second class of books are books that I `` get '' to some degree , but I often feel like there is a lot I am missing , and I usually try to find some good books and articles to read that will help me figure out what I am missing . The third class of books are books that I enjoy , but ultimately feel like I am missing the main point . One Hundred Years of Solitude fell into that last category for me -LRB- if anyone is wondering why there is no fourth category of books I do not enjoy at all , it is because I almost never continue reading a book if I am not enjoying it -RRB- . One Hundred Years of Solitude is not a difficult book by any means . Anyone can read it and will be capable of understanding the story and appreciating Gabriel Garcia Marquez ' narrative techniques -LRB- his magical realism , and foreshadowing , for example -RRB- . Gabriel Marquez is a beautiful writer , which comes across even in translation , and he tells a very interesting story , in a very unique way . That much is evident right away . But I think a lot of people who read this book will have the sense that there is more to the work that they are not getting despite its outward accessibility . I know I did . So I decided to do some research and it turns out I was right . There is a lot in this book , and there has been a lot written about this book , and while I have only read a small sliver of the available English language scholarship on this novel -LRB- if one includes Spanish language scholarship on the book I am sure the hills of material turn into mountains -RRB- , the little that I have read has increased my appreciation for the novel a hundred fold . I am now sure that this will be a novel I continue to re-read and study throughout my life . So before I provide my own short interpretation of the novel -LRB- which is heavily indebted to essays I have read about the novel -RRB- I would like to recommend the works I found most helpful in unpacking some of the riches in this novel -LRB- I am sure there are more I have yet to discover -RRB- . First , there is a collection of essays : Gabriel Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez 's One Hundred Years of Solitude
 This is a great work of the imagination and one of the best novels I 've ever read.The Influence of William Faulkner is apparent in only the best way -- Garcia Marquez has his own original vision and an endless amount of creativity , but he obviously took inspiration for his mythical town of Macondo from Faulkner 's invention of Yoknapatawpha County , to create his own microcosmic South America on a biblical scale populated with brutally real people in fantastic situations born of ` the human heart in conflict with itself ' , which bluntly reveal man -LRB- and woman -RRB- struggling with and against nature , tradition , family ties , their own secrets including incest -LRB- both imagined and acted upon -RRB- , repetition of family names symbolically conjuring cycles of family flaws and curses , country , God , and various related antagonists ; though Garcia Marquez adds an element of magic that Faulkner did not indulge in , and is much more willing to directly explore the nature of women and sexuality , and is more judicious than Faulkner in his use of endlessly rambling sentences , which Garcia Marquez uses sparingly but to great effect in the last five chapters , particularly for a long rant against her lazy husband by the character Fernanda which goes on a couple of hilarious pages.Keeping up with the names and characters can be a little confusing , but if you liked Faulkner 's ` Absalom , Absalom ! ' you will love this book.Breathtaking and unpredictable to the very last word .
 Thumbs up to Gabriel Garcia Marquez ' fantastical epic novel , `` 100 years of Solitude '' ! It is the story of Macondo , a fictional South American town founded by the bold patriarch of the Buendia clan , Jose Arcadio Buendia . Twenty households of folks subsist in peace and relative isolation , minding their own business , until hosts of visitors and newcomers , bringing new ideas -- scientific , political , and economic -- descend upon the sleepy village . These developments , along with the growth and development of the Buendias through generations , lead to unexpected and often bizarre and tragic results.Marquez ' imagination seems to know no bounds , as he recounts story after incredible story in ridiculous detail , which are bound together with certain common recurring themes . The style of the novel , `` magical realism '' , means that the most freakish stories are told in the same matter-of-fact tone as the most prosaic ones . Marquez grew up in the home of his grandparents , natural story tellers , who related countless such tall-tales in such a way , blurring the boundaries of reality and unreality . My favorite of these tall tales is the part , toward the end of the book where it rains for `` four years , eleven months , and two days '' . What they went through during that time was hilarious and outlandish!Another big theme is the recurring personalities of the male Buendias across five generations . The author does a good job of creating real and interesting characters , but I particularly enjoyed some of the female ones , as they were each quite different and extraordinary . Ursala , the matriarch , is a central central figure who lives over a hundred years , during which she works endlessly to care for the family throughout the generations . Fernanda , the wife whom Aureliano Segundo takes from a ruined aristocratic family in `` the Highlands '' , never really fits in . The best Fernanda scene is during the rainy season , when she drones on complaining at Aureliano for an incredible three pages with just one sentence!One of the many themes in the book that interest me is the strong sense of irony which pervades the novel on many levels . The overriding irony which also underlies the whole story is the circular nature of time -- the recurring personality types and their dysfunctional actions which they seem doomed to repeat . This is an irony of tragic futility . At times it seems tedious , but the author uses it to brilliant effect , and particularly at the end , where the story culminates with one surprising final ironic twist.These are just a few of my ideas and reflections about this monumental work . Lastly , I suggest that you buy one of the other editions of the book because this one is rather flimsy and cheaply made . The Oprah book club edition -LRB- which I have not seen -RRB- can be had for $ 7.00 , including shipping , and the hardback for $ 11.12 , if you click on the words `` 32 new '' . I hope this helps . Enjoy !
 I had trouble following the book at first , but eventually caught on to the message . I recently read another book , America 's Keenest City , by Mongo which reads the same for me . Both Marquez and Mongo use bizarre characters and situations to hide their true commentary on their respective societies . Marquez writes about Latin America and Mongo writes about North America . I would recommend both books as essential reading and would suggest reading Mongo if you enjoy reading Marquez .
 This is the best book I have read in a while - a real jewel in modern literature . Like a fuge , the novel is composed of interweaving variations of the same melody . This melody is the life itself - the life of a family and of a country . Absolutely brilliant are the occasional bits of fantasy narrated with the same nonchalant , sarcastic and slightly nostalgic tone as the rest -LRB- e.g. a levitating priest -RRB- . These do not make it into a fantasy , but only amplify the novel 's connection to our symbols and our world . Beautiful .
 But if you give up before , it will not make sense to you and excuses will start to appear . This book is hard work , but only hard work yields great rewards.Best book in Latin American history and one of the 5 best books in human history .
 The best book I have ever read in my 22 years in this life !!! Ahhhhh , What a book !! you can see the words smiling , crying , sighing , and floating up and down ... for weeks i slept with this book beside my head listening to the live and ardent echoeing of its fantasies , charms and memories . . Marquez you ought to live and write forever to read for you forever !!
 It is a wonderful journey where the author takes you back and forward in a smooth way through the live in Macondo the little town in the middle of nowhere.It may takes you a while to understad I read the book 3 times the first time I had it and so far I read it 8 times in my lifetime and it never stops to excite me.You want to forget your problems , travel to Macondo and learn about making gold and many other things ! discover another world .
 Scroll back through a few pages to the customer comments from before this became an Oprah selection and you 'll see uniformly 5 and 4 star reviews . That 's because they were written by people who love and understand literature and do n't need a TV celebrity to lead them like sheep to the next stop on the `` Kulchur '' tour.Oprah 's got taste , but obviously her flock does n't , and frankly you should n't be expected to . I wo n't bother explaining what makes this book one of the finest novels of the 20th century , you 1 and 2-star folks would n't get it anyway.So please , put the book down , go back to your TV , and put on the wrestling match . You 'll be happier .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I 'm equally put off by this great novel 's appearance in Oprah 's cadre of mass market bestsellers , leisure reading , and fodder for housewives desperate for an escape , but consider this
 Oprah , when recommending this novel years ago on her show , read off the list of modern novelists who practically owe their careers to this man , Gabriel Garcia Marquez . I found out through that show that my favorite novelist , Nobel Laureate Toni Morrison , had him and this book , ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE , as HER favorite writer and book of all time . She also made the point , repeatedly if not repetitively , that this book is only for true readers.With that said I would advise anyone who is interested in this novel to not read reviews of it or even the back cover . I chose not to read it upon discovering it through Oprah or anyone else 's recommendation until three days ago , when , removed from the hype surrounding it , I picked it up , read the first three or so pages , and cancelled the majority of my plans and committments to everyone for the next 72 hours until I finished it , literally gasping.Gabriel Garcia Marquez has written a novel in ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE that is born from a genius that shines on the relevance of humanity , and a love that reveals the depths of humanity itself . Pablo Nehruda and many others have said it is the greatest novel from the Spanish/Latin culture since DON QUIXOTE of Cervantes . But it is even more than that . Like Nietzsche said about Goethe , Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a human event , not just a Latin American one . And this must be , by far , the greatest novel of the 20th century , if not the greatest novel of all time .
 I was amazed to see that 100 Years ... was on the OPRAH book club list . Not to be unkind but some of her fans will drop out of the club because of this book . It requires patience , imagination , and some historical knowledge of South American politics and writers . Much of this book is written in metaphor to protect the author and other individuals . The informed reader will note that Marquez received the NOBLE PRIZE not the Pulitizer for this incredible literary work . To the new reader keep reading if you want to have a life changing experience . It is my favorite book of the late 20th century .
 A friend recommended this book to me . He said `` it is incredibly life-affirming . `` A week later , he asked if I had started it yet . `` Started it ? '' I asked , `` I just finished it yesterday . '' `` What did you honestly think of it ? '' he asked eagerly.This is pretty much what I told him : This wonderfully poetic novel follows the Buendia family in a way that is at times deeply touching , terribly amusing , and genuinely tragic . The book reads like a dream
 `` But the fact that it 's on Oprah 's list and that Amazon thinks the word `` years '' is spelled with an apostrophe are enough to put me off.Moving on . `` Quite frankly , both of these are idiotic reasons to pass up one of the greatest pieces of literature ever put to paper . To other readers considering this book , all I can say is ... it 's a heart-stopping experience . You can read plot and theme details in other reviews , so I wo n't waste space here re-hashing that information . It 's a profound and beautiful book , an amazing and an entertaining read as well.Don ' t waste time . Buy it now , or go to your library and check it out . Read it . I ca n't tell you enough what an incredible book this is .
 I read this book in spanish about 30 years ago , and I read it in english last year and it is a good translation . Latin American literature , especially from the XX century and on , is a difficult and arid task for somebody who has not had an European or Latin American education , particularly Americans . And Garcia Marquez 's `` realismo m&aacute;gico '' is a very good example of that difficulty . You need to have a certain degree of education and world culture to approach these kind of works . It is a masterpiece of world literature -LRB- not a `` best seller '' -RRB- , and like Kafka 's works , it is not an `` easy '' reading . It demands a lot from the reader . And , if you really want to know `` realismo m&aacute;gico '' in its purest form , you have to read Juan Rulfo 's `` Pedro P&aacute;ramo '' . A caveat on Rulfo 's book ; if `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' seemed difficult to read , then do n't even try reading `` Pedro P&aacute;ramo '' . This kind of literature is not for everyone , and it is not for anyone to love or hate , it educates you , period .
 And this book discussed this in great detail over a whole town over many many many years.This book is poetry . It is wonderfully written -LRB- and translated -RRB- and beautiful . It was n't difficult to read like some books and really kept me going . I 'm really interested in checking out some of Garcia 's other works.This story is definelty * not * for the humanist or the easily depressed . There is a lot of sorrow and torment throughout this whole novel . I found I had to stop reading when I got to the part about the Italian man who commited suicide because the love of his life refused to * ever * marry him , even though she loved him and her denial was just a weird game of torment she was playing with him . My explaining it does not do that part justice . It was truly sad ... and I had to stop reading right there.I recommend this book to everyone . It is a wonderful books to start expanding your horizons away from al ot of the pulp novels and mass market paperbacks with nothing learned and nothing gained.This books will teach you a lot about our secret condition .
 I first heard of this novel when I was doing research on the film adaption of `` Love in the Time of Cholera . '' It was very mediocre film for a brilliant author , but I digress . This novel was a feat of genius to me . It is an immersing experience and it calls fro the reader to swim in it 's oceans , to walk in the streets of Macondo , and to feel for the characters within . The only comparison this boo has is to the masterworks of Joyce , Kafka , Steinbeck , the Brothers Grimm , and the early parables of The Bible . I could not prescribe a book more . It is a feat only experienced , not told about .
 I read this book what seemed like 100 times in college -LRB- in Spanish -RRB- . It is not an easy book to read , but it became more interesting -LRB- and easier to understand -RRB- each time I read it . The writing style , timeline and naming convention of the characters make the book challenging to understand , but also make it quite hysterical once the reader can get past that.One Hundred Years of Solitude is a story about life and generations -LRB- each generation becoming the same as the previous -RRB- . It 's about history and culture . I would recommend this classic for anyone who has the patience to read through the challenging parts and push through to reflect on the deeper themes posed by Garcia Marquez .
 With a foundation in magical realism , One Hundred Years of Solitude follows the growth of the Buend ' a family and the city of Macondo . Drawing from childhood stories , M&aacute;rquez pens an extraordinary tale of love , death , and loneliness . The book begins with a foreboding sense of determinism when M&aacute;rquez writes : `` Many years later , as he faced the firing squad , Colonel Aureliano Buend ' a was to remember that distant afternoon when his father took him to discover ice '' -LRB- p. 1 -RRB- . In fact , an impending sense of helplessness meanders through the book as the family expands with children , grandchildren , and great-grandchildren . With each generation , the names of Aureliano , Jos&eacute; Arcadio , and Remedios are recycled . There is a sense in which each person is merely an extension of a larger character . `` There was no mystery , '' claims M&aacute;rquez , `` in the heart of a Buend ' a that was impenetrable for her because a century of cards and experience had taught her that the history of the family was a machine with unavoidable repetitions , a turning wheel that would have gone on spilling into eternity were it not for the progressive and irremediable wearing of the axle '' -LRB- p. 396 -RRB- . Just as each character blends with previous characters that have come and gone in the narrative , each lives and dies in resolute isolation . Whether through external circumstances or internal influences , each family member succumbs to a life of seclusion . For example , M&aacute;rquez describes a character 's despair , saying : `` Instead of going to the chestnut tree , Colonel Aureliano Buend ' a also went to the street door and mingled with the bystanders who were watching the parade . He saw a woman dressed in gold sitting on the head of an elephant . He saw a sad dromedary . He saw a bear dressed like a Dutch girl keeping time to the music with a soup spoon and a pan . He saw the clowns doing cartwheels at the end of the parade and once more he saw the face of his miserable solitude when everything had passed by and there was nothing but the bright expanse of the street and the air full of flying ants with a few onlookers peering into the precipice of uncertainty . Then he went to the chestnut tree , thinking about the circus , and while he urinated he tried to keep on thinking about the circus , but he could no longer find the memory . He pulled his head in between his shoulders like a baby chick and remained motionless with his forehead against the trunk of the chestnut tree '' -LRB- 267 -RRB- . Originally written in Spanish , One Hundred Years of Solitude is a difficult read . The sentences are long and the narrative does not follow a singular arc . However , the book brings harsh questions into focus . Are we free to choose the direction of our lives or have they been set in motion long before we were conscious of our choices ? No matter how many friends and loved ones orbit our lives , are we actually alone ? I encourage you to pick up Marquez 's masterpiece and struggle your way to your own answers.Originally from Where Pen Meets Paper Blog
 This is a hard book to read . It is equally despising and depressing , and somewhat boring in its literalness of the biblical-style apocalyptic approach to the whole fiasco that is the comedy of Latin America . But at its surface -LRB- and the novel is entirely a surface phenomenon because of its literalness -RRB- there are levels of cruelty unimagined by any other writer , and maybe for this the novel deserves its distinction . Jose Arcadio Buendia , a former god-believing man hoping to acquire science -LRB- because he does n't want to `` live like donkeys '' -RRB- then losing his faith -LRB- because the `` daguerreotype proves god 's inexistence '' -RRB- declares after extensive investigation that the earth is round -LRB- `` like an orange '' -RRB- and ends with him going crazy -LRB- in the deadest of dead languages , Latin -RRB- . Garcia-Marquez saves the worst cruelty for the son , Colonel Aureliano Buendia , who hopes for military glory and meaning to his life , but who instead is thrown back into the dark pit of memory and regret , dragging around military failure and indecision like a paralyzed limb , despising everything , women , ideals , etc. . And introducing vultures at his death just seemed to underscore the literalness and cruelty of the text as a whole . Every other Buendia after them is parodic of the modern man or woman . Choose the degeneracy , and Marquez embodies it in a later Buendia
 After striking out at Borders Express one evening , I was at a loss for what novel to read next , the store having been exhausted of their copies of `` The Tin Drum , '' `` Stranger In A Strange Land '' and `` The Golden Notebook . '' The Manager , noticing my distant pauses , asked me if I 'd like to have a look at the best book he 'd ever read . I said I would.Such was my accidental crossing of paths with Marquez 's `` One Hundred Years Of Solitude , '' a sprawling , epic story of several generations of the Buendia family in early South America . From the very first page I could n't put this thing down . I 've read a lot of books this year but none of them can compare to the simple yet graceful poise of this masterpiece . Marquez expertly mixes fantasy with the staunch realism of raising and nurturing a family in a newly formed society.It begins with patriarch Jose Arcadio Buendia and his wife Ursula just after having trekked many , many miles with a small group of nomads in search of a good piece of earth in which to plant the seeds of a new community . Slowly but surely they build their homes and expand their families amid vividly created stories from the author 's own mind and experiences . The characters in this book are incredible . There were the random exploits of the wild Gypsy sorcerer Melquiades , the raging sexuality of the giant Jose Arcadio Jr. , the hateful sadomasochism of spinster Amaranta - every persona gets a chance to shine in this story of 100 years in the line of a great family , each one of them obsessed in some way with a solitary form of existence.It 's fascinating to read about a story that begins with people who do n't even have words for certain things in this world and ends after having depicted great advances in moving pictures . It 's like voyeuristically peeking into an actual piece of history . So absorbed was I with this piece that I did n't even notice until after reading a review on Amazon.com that the word `` solitude '' is written on almost every page of the book . Repetition does n't usually get by me so easily ; in fact , it annoys me to no end . But everything else about this thing shines so brightly that I did n't have the eyes to notice the things that I 'd normally consider flaws . Steeped in thought-provoking symbolism , radically attacking the world of politics , literally filled with the taboos of pedophilia and incest and murder , this is without a doubt one of my favorite novels of all time .
 This novel is honestly one of the most captivating and well written works I have had the pleasure of reading . Marquez is a master of the literary word . He is able to intertwine realism and fantasy in a way that does not hinder the work but enriches it . Marquez utilizes many literary devices and his use of time manipulation in the novel allows the surreal aspects of the novel to be applied to it seamlessly . Marquez presents the novel in a way that resembles storytelling ; the whole novel seems to occur at one time without a linear chronology of events . Thus the work often parallels the way in which the bible was written and takes on a vast significance . The book addresses all aspects of human nature and leaves the reader in awe . It is truly a triumph of literature .
 There 's something very hard to explain about this book . It can be very confusing at times , with the names of the characters , and very slow at times , when you get bogged down in events and wonder what significance they could possibly have . But by the end , something very emotional emerged in my reaction , something that made me very happy to be alive . This is a wonderful book .
 I recomend this novel to all whom may read this review . It is the most profound , interesting and wonderful novel that I have read . Marquez nimbly creates a world modeled after his own in which all different emotions flow and characters are very real . To fully appreciate this book one must have a knowledge of South American culture , although the first read of mine I claimed no such knowledge and I still could n't put it down . It is a book which captures both the small , wonderful details of life and the greater questions of humanity in an easy to read package . I strongly recomend this book to everybody .
 ` One Hundred Years of Solitude ' , as most of the other reviewers agree , is a tremendous achievement . In a sometimes indirect fashion , it chronicles the soul and psyche of 19th century Colombians as the ` civilized ' world sweeps into their lives , turns it upside-down , then recovers . The author achieves this by tracing generations of an extended family in a remote village , glued together by a strange mixture of heredity , emotion , and mysticism . This is not historical fiction by any means . However it perfectly projects a sense of ... I do n't know ... spirit ? soul ? of the local people . One can not help but feel that the author has written something unique.Despite all this goodness , the book is difficult to read . At times the author seems to be rambling aimlessly , talking about the -LRB- too -RRB- many characters with identical -LRB- or nearly identical -RRB- names . But I sense not a single word was written without a strong purpose . Therefore I recommend NOT reading the book alone but rather share it , discuss it with folks interested in Latin American society . I did not do this , and I fear I simply read many portions of the book without fully appreciating what was written .
 There is very little that I can say that has n't already been said . In short , this is the greatest book that I have ever read . It changed my life . It comes , as you might guess , VERY highly recommended .
 `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' follows the history of the fictional town of Macondo from its founding to its senescence . The story is centered around the Buendia family and its progeny . Town founder and patriarch Jose Arcadio brings progress to Macondo as he pursues his search for alchemy and science . Ursula , the long-lived matriarch , tries to keep the family together through their problems and conflicts . Son Colonel Aureliano Buendia fights in over thirty civil wars before realizing the futility of waging war . Son Jose Arcadio pursues a Gypsy woman , travels around the world , and returns a tattooed giant . Macondo has a very turbulent history . It is torn apart by war . It expands as the railroads bring foreigners , businesses , and technology that irrevocably change its course . It suffers severe floods and droughts . It is decimated by a bloody labor battle.Nobel prize-winning author Gabriel Garcia Marquez was inspired to write this novel by the tales told to him by his grandmother in Colombia . His grandmother filled her stories with a mixture of fantastic and truthful elements and told them with a serious and natural demeanor . In a similar fashion , the author tells his story using magical realism , where mythical details are intermingled in a very offhand manner with a realistic story line . Among the mundane events of town life Garcia Marquez casually scatters such magical elements as a Gypsy who is bored with death and returns to life , a man followed by swarms of butterflies , levitating people , and a contagious plague of insomnia.If there was anything about the story that I found a bit difficult to follow , it was the fact that most of the characters shared the same names . Every generation of Buendias had its Jose Arcadios , Aurelianos , and Remedios . During his military campaigns , Colonel Aureliano fathered many children by women all over the country . Seventeen of them were adopted into the family and given the name Aureliano . Fortunately , there is a family tree at the front of the book that will help the reader keep track of the generations of Buendias.This novel is beautifully written . The language in this English translation is rich , lyrical , and poetic . The story is full of humor , irony , and tragedy . It contains such universal themes as nostalgia and regret , strength and madness , passion and revenge . Never has a family had more long-lived and colorful characters than those in the Buendia family . Solitude is an omnipresent theme in the story , since many of the Buendias secluded themselves in their rooms or homes for years on end because of broken dreams , broken hearts , and pursuit of the impossible . I recommend this book highly . Find some solitude for yourself for a while and lose yourself in an amazing story.Eileen Rieback
 I do sympathise with people who found this book long and difficult . I am fifteen , I read this when I was fourteen , and this , to date , is one of my favourite books from one of my favourite novelists.This book if for people who truly love writing and language rather than ` thrilling ' plots . It is written beautifully . The words are rich and the images are dream-like . The town Macondo , is a dream . You need to read it for the words . For the links . For the images and for the characters . The magic is part of it . It is what makes Macondo Macondo and is what makes Marquez Marquez . I ca n't understand how people can hate it.You read a sentence , you stop , and you savour it .
 I have been a fan of magical realism for years but had never gotten around to reading this one . I am so glad that I finally did . Marquez says that he wrote this novel in the way that his grandmother used to tell stories , where the real and the fantastic are blending effortlessly together , without any change in tone or facial expressions . He definitely succeeds in creating an alternate reality . It becomes so believable that a magic flying carpet would pass by the window , or that a woman would live to be 145 years old . The reader never questions him . There are some slow parts to this book , but the journey was definitely worth it . The female characters in particular are absolutely fascinating
 After closing the final page I opened up the first and read it again.You are drawn into this book like it is true to life and suddenly you get slapped with mystical apparitions that jolt you back into reality . The apparitions serve to fuel the reader ! It is a must read .
 A hundred years of solitud depicts a bygone era of South America . The uniqueness of this book is the portrayal of `` small town Latin America '' . This is a book you should read in Spanish , something is always lost in translation . The frame of mind of Latin America is well described and trasnports the reader into a world , that has been later explored by other Latin American authors.His writing style is widespread and well known worldwide.His `` Novel Prize '' in literature was well deserved .
 One Hundred Years of Solitude is one of the most fascinating books I have ever read -LRB- and I have read thousands -RRB- . Marquez is a giant . His skill is like that of a mythical creature , like a Phoenix combined with a hundred great authors.The pure fact that this book was written by one man is amazing . I do n't want to say anything about the story . If you care about great literature , do not let life pass by without reading Marquez ' masterpiece .
 This book captivates you from beginning to end . I fell in love with the characters and enjoyed the colorful lives of each one . The symbolism and translation make this book one of a kind .
 There 's been a huge amount of reviews about this book already so there is no point in resuming the story . This book , although not at all the kind I usually enjoy kept me in its grip from beginning to end . The events are far-fetched and unbelievable but it still holds you . The style of writing is very particular . There 's almost no dialogue yet you know all that is said or done . I really loved the passage , toward the end of the book where Fernanda goes on and on and the actual sentence is actually pages long ! It 's a very passionate , very interesting book . I really loved . I think people will either hate or love it . There is no in-between . Happy Reading !
 There is no words that can show the way that i feel since i have read this book ... In my heart that book will alwayw be the best thing a human ever wrote!when i finish the book the tears was instopeble and i am not the type of a men who cryes often!My deepest sympathy for the author Gamriel Garcia Marcuez i prey for him to step over cancer!I am Greek and i have get with this book the real taste of the pain that feel a Latinoamerican!I hope that region of the earth will find peace and democracy in the future .
 100 years of Solitude is a confusing book to read It is enjoyable nonetheless . It is hard to keep track of what each character is doing , because there are so many characters with the same name . Gabriel Garcia Marquez paints a vivid picture of a fictional setting called Macondo where the people speak Spanish . The founder of Macondo is Jose Arcadio Buendia . He is an adventurous person but he gets crazy and impulsive with anything new . These traits seem to pass on to all of his descendants with the same name . The people of Macondo endure a civil war and a widespread plague where no one can sleep . They also have to adjust to living with the white man.I liked about how each character is changed by the events happening around them . Aureliano Buendia is a great example of this . He is a happy , intelligent , compassionate person at the beginning of the novel . However after experiencing defeat in a prolonged civil war , he loses his capacity to appreciate life and his loved ones.Each woman in this novel has her own individual quirk that makes them unique . Ursula is the matriarch of the Buendia family who holds the family together despite being blind . Pilar Ternera is the fortune teller who predicts the future using cards . Rebecca is a reclusive character who eats dirt from the ground when she is depressed . 100 years of Solitude is an ok book but it 's just a little hard to follow because of all the many characters .
 After trying futilely to read Cien A & ntilde ; os de Soledad in its original tongue and realising my Spanish just was n't up to it , I bought and finished the English edition of this great novel . -LRB- Note to Dorea , my Spanish-1 instructor from years ago
 100 Years of Solitude is the BEST book I 've EVER read . But it 's not for everyone
 This is a book that comes but once in a lifetime . Everyone should read it . It is an interesting journey that will allow your mind and senses to places they 've never been before . Do n't be scared by its number of pages , it is an adventure one should undergo at least once .
 This is the second book that I have read by Gabriel Garcia-Marquez and I absolutly loved it ! I was board one day and picked it up to read . I finished it in three days but will remember it for the rest of my life ! This book truly made Garcia-Marquez my favorite author ! I went all the way through college without reading it , but I suggest everybody read it at least once ! I also reccommend `` Chronicle of a Death Fortold . '' Its words , too , hold all of the power and magic that grip you tightly as you ca n't wait to read the next page !
 I rarely get chills when reading a book , but my skin crawled for most of this one . Every paragraph seemed to have some phrase that just plowed over me . I ca n't believe it was so good in translation . A recent book that picks up on Gabo 's themes and style is Roy 's < The God of Small Things > . It 's not quite as awe inspiring but what is ?
 wow is all i have to say . this is the third book i read from garcia marquez and i think i like this book the best -LRB- or at least so far -RRB- . it 's like reading a dream , his words flow like water and keep you turning the pages . it 's a little hard to follow with all the names at times and a little strong on some issues . but i would n't have it any other way .
 One Hundred Years of Solitude is a beautifully written book filled with memorable characters and packed with raw emotion and truth . Why not give it five stars then ? Well , it was a rough decision . From a writing perspective , this is top notch stuff , no questions asked.Some people have called the book boring , which is not true . Most of the characters and their stories are highly entertaining . The problem I encountered was that once a certain character dies , or his/her story stops being the primary focus , it takes a while for the reader to get involved in the next character that the book chooses to focus on . There were certain characters I liked more than others , and I found myself really taken out of the book once they were relegated to secondary characters and I had to adjust to a whole new set of characters and subplots.Also , I never found myself confused by the similar names family members . Rather , I had a harder time keeping up with the numerous characters who only appear for two chapters and then die or just go off somewhere.On the whole , I really enjoyed this book . Not one of my all-time favorite , but a beautiful book that really brough out emotion in me , especially towards the end , with that jaw-droppingly beautiful final sentence that ties together the overriding theme of the entire book .
 I first read `` Cien Anos de Soledad '' in 1976 when I was in jail in Saltillo , Mexico , in fact , I loved this book so much I learned spanish reading this book . Four hundred years from now as we read `` Don Quijote '' today - they will be reading this book . It is a novel for the ages .
 I still remember that wet , cold day some 16 years ago when , as a 14-year-old , I chanced upon a well-thumbed book in the public library . I was drawn in from the very first sentence . And I have not looked upon the world the same ever since . To date , I have read - nay , experianced - it about seven or eight times . The mark of a great novel , I think , is that it reveals endless layers of meaning at each subsequent reading . Solitude is one such novel . But nothing beats the wide-eyed wonderment of the innocent first-time reader . I would like to live my life over again only so that I can read Solitude for the very first time .
 I was breathless while reading this absolute masterpiece . I was so involved that used to identify my friends , my family and myself with each of the Buendias . Never predictable , stunning in its end , this is definitely the best tale of all times . Thanks so ever Gabo .
 I was truly enthralled and mesmerized by this amazing Noble Prize winning work . One of the few books that left me feeling saddened when I finished it because I realized it would no longer be a part of my life . In any event , everyone should read this book , a riveting look at the Latin American experience .
 I was breathless while reading this absolute masterpiece . I was so involved that used to identify my friends , my family and myself with each of the Buendias . Never predictable , stunning in its end , this is definitely the best tale of all times . Thanks so ever Gabo .
 Wow . I am still amazed - a month after reading Marquez ' masterpiece - at the beauty and depth of his writing . Having read alot of Isabel Allende 's novels , I was encouraged to `` try '' Marquez , I have never been so rewarded by a book . His story of one family struggling over 100 years and dealing with their passions is gripping and completely draws the reader in to its trials and tribulations . Weeping at the ending , I was also left feeling somewhat fulfilled and joyous that I had discovered the wonders of Marquez .
 la narrativa de garc&iacute;a m&aacute;rquez es fascinantemente envolvente , la descripci&oacute;n del ambiente resulta un tanto m&iacute;stico .
 It seems to be a universal tale - people all over the world loves it .
 Probably the best fiction I 've ever read . This book is the perfect example of how a story should be told .
 Fantastic and yet so real at the same time . The rich descriptions and the easy flow of the stories makes you forget that you are reading , and instead feels like a reciting of -LRB- family -RRB- history that has been passed orally for many generations . Marquez is an excellent storyteller!The only difficulty was in keeping the names of the different characters straight if you 're not familiary with hispanic names .
 This book changed my way of thinking about latin american history . The characters are so well developed the setting the different timelines managed by Gabo . Very good book . Read it .
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez uses to write in a such special way that you can imagine to stay overthere with characters even if the story is very improbable . The magician of Marquez 's pen let the reader keeps dreaming in the time the book is closed down too .
 It takes a writer like Garcia to undertake a novel of such mythic proportions . He weaves magic and fantasy into the politics of progress and greed , the loves , hates , incest and lies of human existence . Macondo is every place and Buendia is every man and woman . Garcia draws the reader to experience the depth and purity of the soul even as he constantly parodies its high moral ground by bodily functions and the smell of human pain and suffering . He lulls the reader into the bliss of solitude but forces them to confront the unbearable loneliness that it breeds . Here is life in all her forms !
 George Orwell once said that reading James Joyce 's `` Ulysses '' gave him an inferiority complex . That 's how I feel towards this book . This may sound corny , but it 's true that no words can express how much I admire Marquez 's talent and how much I enjoyed reading this book . The magical realism is convincing , and how Marquez was able to chronicle one hundred years of a family and village convincingly is beyond me . He addresses every part of the cycle of life , so I believe there is no one who ca n't relate to the characters or events in this book in one way or another . Marquez also defines a culture and , in a way , practically gives a history of the world in just 400-plus pages . If you have n't read this already , please make this book the next book you read .
 This is one of the most simple and inteligent book ever written.Must read .
 I have read One Hundred Years of Solitud three times since 1980 . Everytime I have read it I am more amazed at the incredible imagination employed by Garcia Marquez . This is one book which leaves you thinking for a long time after finishing it . The story of the Buendia family , while sometimes bizzare , has so many elements of the human sprit . I admire Garcia Marquez for his ability to move the reader . He is a giant among many Latin American writers .
 This book changed the way I look at the world . It is one that I will always remember reading , because line by line it felt almost like a transcendental experience . I 'm in the midst of rereading it , and I feel like I 'll get even more out of it this time around . Please read this book !
 Cien a & ntilde ; os de soledad es la historia de todo ser humano . Describe la cortina diafana que separa el mundo de los sue & ntilde ; os con el mundo real . Marquez logra capturar el amanecer , medio dia , vespero y anocheser de la vida de un pueblito , Macondo . Macondo somos todos y todos vivimos y viviremos las estaciones salvajes y pacificas que llegan durante nuestros 100 a & ntilde ; os que sobre la tierra . Las frases de este libro han sido comidas por muchos , quienes hoy saben o al menos tienen una idea remota del porque estamos aqui y a donde vamos , es decir no vamos a ningun lado en especial pero bueno ... Como cunclucion recomiendo este libro para que los lectores buscando respuestas y precguntas infinitas ... J.P Cardenas
 I read this book before and I get cautivated by the way Gabriel Garcia Marquez explain the history and a tragedy of Macondo , and the Buendia 's family.Everyone should have this book .
 This book was a true masterpiece . I would recomend this to anyone who would like to be able to take a step back fromt he world and watch it evolve
 A rare book in that it is complete . I thought once that novels only served to reflect humanity 's incapability to fully express itself . This novel proves otherwise . It is full like some narcotic sex liqueur , staying with you for several lifetimes . And it is solid , fluid , prose poetry . And it is tragic and fantastic and comic and real . A text of religious importance in that it reflects all that is strong and all that is weak and all that is human -- it is wit and blood and infinite , melancholy joy
 A rare book in that it is complete . I thought once that novels only served to reflect humanity 's incapability to fully express itself . This novel proves otherwise . It is full like some narcotic sex liqueur , staying with you for several lifetimes . And it is solid , fluid , prose poetry . And it is tragic and fantastic and comic and real . A text of religious importance in that it reflects all that is strong and all that is weak and all that is human -- it is wit and blood and infinite , melancholy joy
 A fascinating story of very different lives in a remote latin ` gypsy ' culture . Having read both the spanish and english editions with equal engagement , I can say that the english translation is outstanding . It 's an amazingly written tale of drama and imagination with a conclusion more driving and powerful than I have ever before had the pleasure to read . Your head will spin at then end . A true 10 and a must read
 100 Years of Solitude is simply the best book ever written . It is a magnetic story that draws you into the magical lives of the Buenida family , and keeps you there until the end . Every person who is literate should read this novel . When I finished this book not only was I surprised by the ending , but I did not want to read any other books . I wanted to start over , just to read something that was equally good
 Marquez creates a unique fictional world , a town called Macondo in the middle of the South American jungle.The language is lush , the characters unique . Marquez finally trusts the reader to accept fantasy and reality as equal partners in an ongoing unfolding of life.This is the only novel I 've read four times . It works like magic , like great wine , like a wonderful piece of music .
 I have ony read the first 100 pages of this book and the adjective `` engrossing '' is but an understatement . From the moment the family patriarch becomes obsessed with the magnets and alchemy equipment of the gypsies to the marriage of Rebeca , this literary trip has so far been an odysseey which leaves most everybody 's family trees for wanting.Aside from the title theme of desolation is the less obvious but equally salient theme of discovery and its relationship to the science/magic dichotomy -LRB- I guess that this is the essence of this so-called `` magical realism '' phenomenon -RRB- . Rarely has this subject matter been tackled with such perceptiveness and aesthetic . Though I have only read the beginning , I find myself wishing that the book were even longer than it already is.Thank you , Gabriel Garcia Marquez !
 This is one of the best books I 've ever read . As soon as you reach the last pageyou are crying for more , and more.The way the characters express themselves , theatmosphere created , the managing of time . It 's truly incredible . This book willbe up there with shakespare and his friends .
 The other reviews describe it in parts , but thiswas the best novel I have ever read . Love in the time of cholera was good by him too , but this was the best.I think the actor tom hanks must have liked it too , because in one of his films he is seen reading it before he goes to bed -LRB- turner and hooch ??? -RRB- . Anyway ... READ THIS ONE !!!
 How anyone can do this to me?How anyone can disturb me so , so hard?The ghost are inside my head , and macondo is inside my mind.Garcia Marquez has done it , and right now i am still here , holding `` 100 years of solitude '' in my hands , just waiting for them , waiting for their souls , waiting for the ice . .
 this book is gripping to the very end.I fully enjoyed , it is exciting and a bit confusing at times . Marquez out did himself with this literal masterpiece . The story is superb . enjoy it , I certainly did
 One Hundred Years of Solitude felt a bit dense at times , and then there where times when you could n't put the book down , the way G G. Marquez tells the story is just wonderful , he makes time go not in a linear sort of way , but as what felt in a branching kind of style.Sometimes I needed to stop reading because of work , and when I 'd get back to it in some days , it felt really different , and sometimes confusing . till about the 2nd half , this because so many things are going on in the town of Macondo and the names where very similar at times . I believe this is either the most bothersome thing or the most entertaining and helpful thing to the complex story , depending on your memory of the storyI ca n't recommend reading the book twice or three times a week , I highly RECOMEND reading it , at least a bit every day . When I finished It after about a month or so , I felt that I had missed out on some interesting people , moments , and emotions , not because the book is complicated to fallow , but because one needs to sort of take everything in as one reads , and when you put the book down for a few days and then pick it up , it feels that the story lost the intensity that it had , mainly because the level of retention toward different events that is required if planning to understand the mood of the moment . There so many things one needs to keep in mind as this `` Illusion '' of time progresses.I 'm planning on reading it again when I get the chance . -LRB- P.S. -RRB- - One of my favorite things was the amount of Foreshadowing used , at times it even felt that the writer could be intentionally trying to confuse or deceive , and then one realizes that it was all very essential for the gravity of the story .
 I found this book a little difficult getting started due to the way the author seems to skip aroundand introduces so many new characters but after about a third through the book , I began to get into it.The over all scope of the novel and the intimate details of emotions and feelings gives the story a realsense of feeling . It was a slow read as I kept going back and forth with it for about four weeks but I amhappy to have read it and now have a better understanding of another place and another culture .
 I first read this book in college and found it to be so captivating . The story of Macondo feels very real . At the beginning we are introduced to the Buendia family and they seem really simple . It 's not until the book progresses that we start to get confused with every family member having the same name . What is Marquez 's point in this ? I think to show that life is simple and to keep the family going in a circular motion . By the end of the book , everything seems to have gone full circle , from life to death , and inventions people make to eventually exploiting the earth . I love the slight magical realism in this book . It really adds so much quality as if to mock what we value so much on earth .
 This work can only be the product of a mind in an extremely imaginative state . Gabriel Marquez blends the real and the surreal to weave a fantastic tale around the town of Macondo and the Buendia family starting with Jose Arcadio Buendia , the patriarch characterized by his entrepreneurial zeal and scientific spirit who , among other explorations , attempts to use a daguerreotype to disprove the existence of God and all the way to Aureliano who is finally seen deciphering parchments . In between you will find numerous Aurelianos and Arcadios all of which can get pretty confusing ; to keep track of them all , fortunately , the book has the Buendia family tree printed at the beginning . Actually , unless you are very good with names and names that you do n't hear often , you may want to write down the additional characters in there . Heck , even the teacher Melchor Escalona had the same problem '' ... used to knowing Jose Arcadio Segundo by his green shirt , went out of his mind when he discovered that the latter was wearing Aureliano Segundo 's bracelet and that the other one said , nevertheless , that his name was Aureliano Segundo in spite of the fact that he was wearing the white shirt and the bracelet with Jose Arcadio Segundo 's name . From then on he was never sure who was who '' . The beautiful aspect of this story is that you are invited to passively sit and watch the events unfold -LRB- over a century -RRB- in Macondo , a town where , as explained by a poker-faced Gabriel Garcia , flying carpets , yellow butterflies , ascension to heaven are as mundane as the rest . Each moment in Macondo is as good as the next and the beginning is as good as the end and the end is as good as the beginning of the end and the beginning . You are not going to ask `` what is next ? '' since , the way it is told , the beauty of the story lies in the ` here and now ' . I do n't know how it comes across in Spanish , but I would certainly give credit to Gregory Rabassa for the captivating presentation . Looking forward to reading it again .
 This book had a habit of being extremely wordy with very little dialouge and even a bit confusing -LRB- i.e. multiple family members being given the same name , making it a bit of a burden to tell who is who from what generation -RRB- but the storyline was so creative and captivating to me . I guess that I was able to get through it -LRB- unlike some other readers -RRB- because I have a good imagination and I do n't need a lot of action and dialouge to help me envision the story better . I found the characters and their experiences to be very unique . They were so profound that i felt like I was growing up with the Buendia family and when each one finally met their demise in their own bizzare way I found myself genuinely feeling heartbroken , as if they were my own family members ! The author had a way of really connecting me with this family , which each generation . For a fantasy , the realism was amazing .
 I 'm a bit ambivalent that this has that mark of Oprah 's club -LRB- no offense -RRB- but I think this book is just in another league.I was first introduced to this book in high school for an AP Literature course . I absolutely hated reading before I started reading Marquez . I became a literary freak after I read this . I read all his books after this then started to read other Latin American writers -LRB- Isabelle Allende , Carlos Fuentes et . al -RRB- and on and on.His style is definitely unique , a bit wordy and somewhat overly complex utilizing confusing similar names , flashbacks , and long drawn out descriptive sentences . He knows the rules of storytelling and he effectively smashes them to pieces.This is not an easy read . But take the time to invest in it , absorb the words and let the world of the Buend&iacute;as ' come to you . Upon multiple readings , you 'll gain clarity . By far , # 1 on my top favorite ten books .
 One Hundred Years of Solitude is marvelous -- extraordinary in its emotional depth . Marquez 's breadth of understanding of human situations and human motivations is seldom seen in books . Some people ca n't see the difference in quality between a Rembrandt and a Coca Cola sign . Looking at some Amazon readers ' negative comments suggests the same lack of appreciation . Marquez is right up there with the best .
 Book arrived on time in a very good condition . I was completely satisfied with my order and purchase .
 this book changed me ... it changed the way i look at things ... the way i observe all the events in my life ... it wasnt easy to read at the beginning ... but this book helped me get rid of depression ... writing the characters names with a brief about each of thm will help you alot
 great book ; bad seller . Did not send the copy in Spanish as promised adn did not respond to my complaint .
 I read this book when it was first published ... years ago . It 's still at the top of my all time favorite books . The book is a rainbow of three-dimensional magic put on blank pages in black and white.I read the book at least once a year and am amazed to find something new each time ... even after all these years.When you finish the book , do n't be surprised to find yourself stepping out of a dream and back into the real world . Only in the mind of the master can a wounded arm turn into a field of butterfiles.If you like this book , you might want to try Marquez 's new autobiography -LRB- the first of a planned triolgy -RRB- , LIVING TO TELL THE TALE.Enjoy !
 Gabriel Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez is one of the greatest paperback writers of Latin America of the 20th Century . ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE is considered his best book , I disagree but it 's great anyway . The story makes a web unable to be broken , the story is a fantastic adventure of a fantastic tribe.If you find the book boring or difficult ; why do n't you read some Tim Morrison ?
 This book was everything it is billed to be . I picked it up as a `` classic to read over the summer '' . This is one of the better choices I 've made in this annual quest . Although I must admit to getting very lost at times trying to keep all of the Jose 's , Ursula 's and others straight . I often found myself re-reading chapters to figure out exactly who was involved ! That said , the re-reading was not unpleasant , as it can often be when you get lost.This is a book that you should add to your `` things to read to remain well-rounded '' list -LRB- just make sure you have plenty of time - this is not a quick read . -RRB-
 These 100 years in Macondo are some how more magically real than real history , and as mythical as the Bible . With 5 Arcadio 's , and 22 Aurelianos , there is so much `` family history '' that the names become confusing ... but this helps create the feeling of dynasty , of repetition , and the inseparability of past , present and future . ... `` The first of line is tied to a tree and the last is being eaten by ants '' . Colonel Aureliano Buendias endless melting and creating his gold fishes also highlights this cycle and the interplay of memory and forgetting.Full of sensuous smells as Melquiades ' laboratory , tastes as Rebecca 's mud , and delightful colors as Mauricio 's yellow butterflies the book can be intoxicating . The interplay of reality , fantasy , and magic made for a remarkable read !
 Definitely worthy of `` every man 's library '' . It 's a little complicated and confusing considering this story takes place over a long period of time and involves so many characters , but all that flipping back and forth from the text to the family tree is worth it .
 I first got into this book because I read the Esperanto translation as part of an international East-West series . Then I read it in English , and some excerpts in the original Spanish . I ended up collecting and reading all of Garcia Marquez fiction that has come out in English translation.I have a love-hate relationship with this book . It is hard to understand because of the complex family structures and the nonlinearity of much of the time sequence . But I keep returning to it , with the intent of reaching full understanding . I have theCliffs Notes guide and Murray Abraham 's audio cassette reading , and I have borrowed several books of commentary from our university library.I loaned the Spanish copy to a bilingual friend . She read a little over a hundred pages , and all she could say was , `` This is a strange book . `` Some people say the story covers Genesis ; others , that it covers Genesis to Revelation . I 'm still trying to figure it out . But I must say that because I read this book , I have found much satisfaction in reading several of the others by Gabriel Garcia Marquez . And among these there are some I like much better .
 I had to read this book for school , at the begining i did n't wanted to read it because it seems so long and boring , when i began to read it i realized that it was an awesome book ! the story , the characters , the evironment , it was awesome ! incredible ! sometimes it 's hard to understan but some pages after you 'll find out what was it all about !!!!!!!!!! you should read it !
 This book has an amazing story . The story is simple , yet difficult . The town and the people seem so alive and real . I could see what was going on and felt what the characters were going through . It is very detailed and written in an absolutely breathtaking manner . Anyone loving magical realism will surely like this book .
 It was the first great book i ` ve read and i must admitt it took me a while -LRB- i was 16 then -RRB- but this book is great.It ` s just perfect.i love GGM and his style.He just manges to express feelings so easily and everything in this book seems perfectly beliveable even if some things are magical and do n`t get in connection with reality.This book is hard to review.One must read it to understand it.It ` s just that one can not resume this book here.This book must be experienced .
 The Story of Macondo and the Buendia family . What a wonderful story full of imagination , sorrow , laughter , solitude , and reality in the same time . How the wars changed the mentality of people , change their behavior , traditions , and it makes them lose the respect for any human relation . How the founded city went from being the most simple , and peaceful place , to this horrifying , deserted city that the technologies ran through it , and its own people stopped caring about what 's best for it.How being solitary was the response to many answers , how the Buendia men acted to their defeats , to their pleasures , and how far did they go in order to explore what was out there.The story could be slow at times , but the end has its own unique twist that shows how important history is , and how sad it is when we waste time not doing what we always dreamt of.Such a classic worth reading by Marquez , what dreams , deaths , madness , war , and what pressure has this life on us .
 It is n't your fault if you have n't read this classic novel yet . Rather than read people 's reviews you should just buy the book and begin this incredible journey!I first read this while living in a rural South American village over 30 years ago and it provided insight into the people around me as well as those where I grew up in the Detroit area ! What ! At each reading I marvel at how Garcia Marquez weaves images and events into an enjoyable show imagined inside your head.This outstanding novel weaves a story of intriguing and oftentimes absurd history that causes you to reflect eventually on today 's political and economic events . While written about different countries , cultures , and times from our own , yet as humans we are still movtivated by the same things . As one reads about outlandish happenings and goings on in a far away land you suddenly realize you are facing today 's reality presented in a much different form.While the size of the book is daunting you soon become familiar with Aureliano Bunedia , Ursula and the other characters . The book snuggles into your being like a very good friend and you feel compelled to open it up to see just what is happening now , just as one talks with the neighbors , co-workers or family members . Avoid surprise at discovering you start carrying the book with you to snatch a few paragraphs while waiting in line at the supermarket or while commuting to work . You wo n't be able to put this down for very long and will miss it when you are n't reading it.Spanish version or English version does n't really matter as you get so caught up in the events that you start dreaming about the book ... . However , I 'd caution that unless you have a top notch Spanish vocabulary , like those that have taken university level courses in Spanish , this book and Garcia Marquez will challenge your vocabulary and limit the images in your mind . You may wish to begin with the English version and then on a second or third read do the Spanish version . Yeah , I know , I only used to read books one time , too . This book you will read again and again . Good reading!R.H . Curtiswww.robertoshidokan.com
 Once again I have fallen under the spell of Solitude . His woven stories are like streams of consciousness , and beguiling , something like a serpent that seems to steady for strike but really just wants to be loved . I taunted myself with the original Spanish text , but I need something similar . And there were shades of Pan 's Labyrinth , with the dangers and thrills . A highly satisfying entertainment .
 A ground breaking book.Standing alone in it 's uniqueness , Marquez creates a new kind of Mythology . His characters are vivid , intense but not realistic . He wants the reader to understand from the very first line that he is not looking for reality but introduces us to a magical world with heroes bigger than life . His characters do not follow any ethic laws or care for our kind of morality , they live in a universe of their own , a dimention set apart from everything we know . They are not good or bad , they just are . Marquez does not even try to judge his characters , the reader can try if he feels inclined to do so . I think that we do not want to judge them . Who judges Agamemnon , Clytemnestra , Electra a.so . I just love them as they are , unique , mad and incredible.I must say that I read the book in it 's original Spanish .
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez has written many novels over the years , but I have had the privilege to read only two . This book is written in the style of magical realism , so you have to be very open minded about the creative and surrealistic characters . It 's a wonderful , classic book from a great Latin American author .
 This is an excellent book that describes the realities of South America through the window of fiction and legend . It is a page-turner , and the kind of book that one wishes could have more and more pages ...
 I felt this book captured the decay of memories and the human mind with immense efficiency and accuracy . The story of the Buendia family that lasts for 7 generations or so portrays death , wealth , happiness in some regard ; however always followed by some disaster , and lastly loss of face and time . One main concept remains the common theme that money does not buy happiness . For example Aureliano Segundo 's wealth is extensive , yet he does not find happiness in his wealth or with Fernanda , but rather with his concubine.I really like the magical aspect of this book in the beginning . Magic allowed my imagination to theorize inventions , possibly irrational ones , just as Jose Acardio Buendia the founder of Macondo imagined bizarre concepts . For me the book lacked substantial plot in the middle once Colonel Aureliano came back and awaited natural death in his silver fish work room and after the tragedy of his sons , yet pick up again once the `` conservative '' and oppressive Mr. Brown and his banana industry.The underlying concept I believe to be most important is that the past defines you . It never leaves you , just as Prudencio Aguliar -LRB- sp ? -RRB- followed Jose Acardio Buendia even after he died . The past usually haunted each character ; emphasizing and erupting a flame of solitude to encompass each of them forever . Whether their solitude remained their inability to love , or the physical decrepitude over time , or even the family values they were brought up on . However portrayed , peaceful or haunting , solitude as a result of the past defined the characters and the book .
 I guess that is where this book is usually categorized in . Apparently , Gabriel Garcia Marquez popularized the genre . I loved the book and would put it in the top five of my list . There are people who I 've talked to that thinks it was confusing or complicated . That was not the case for me . It 's true that there were many characters -LRB- and it does not help that a lot of them are named similarly -RRB- . But , I think each of them is distinct and was developed very well . The book is not about the town of Macondo ... it 's about the people who lived there . And , you will be able to relate to the book because of its very human characters set in an environment that is often very real but occasionally eerily surreal . That 's magical realism for you .
 I 'm still not done with reading the book , but I 'm amazed at the portrayal of the many coming and going characters in this book . It 's interetsing how the writer portrays each main character 's state of solitude leading to his death . The style of writing is also very different , going back and forth yet when you think about the book when you 're not reading it , you do have a complete recollection of everything that 's happened despite they 're not being in chronological order .
 When I first read this book , I had never heard of Gabriel Garcia Marquez . I had never heard of `` Love in the Time of Cholera '' . What Nobel prize ? I picked it out because it was big , I liked the cover , and I had plenty of time on my hands back in 1983 . Once I got through Chapter 2 , I was permanently hooked . Images from this book still haunt me . Few novels have had such an impact on me and I have re-read it many times . This book is a ravishing one of a kind , truly a jewel , and clearly , not for everybody . Nothing is , after all ! Gee , maybe I have to change my thinking about Oprah . . nah .
 Twenty-one dauntless people led by Jose Arcadio Buend&iacute;a founded the settlement of Macondo somewhere between the mountains and the Caribbean Sea , bordering the swamp . One Hundred Years of Solitude is the rise and fall of Macondo and six generations of Buend&iacute;as . It is a study in the futility of mad adventures to defeat the guile of church , state and the Banana Company.M&aacute;rquez tells this tale as if it were oral tradition , a legend passed along through generations , spoken to children in rapture by once sturdy great-grandmothers rocking on the porch on cool summer nights . Grandmothers , when telling a story to youngsters , are apt to blend illusion and reality , and M&aacute;rquez preserved that quality of the narration . For example , the insomnia plague that infected the residents , not with drowsiness but with gradual loss of memory , requiring that every object be tagged with its name and purpose until Melquiades , the ancient sage , returns with a curative potion.Young Rebeca , an unrecognized relative of the Buend&iacute;as , probably brought the insomnia plague . Rebeca , who has an ancestral urge to eat dirt and whitewash , arrived at the Buend&iacute;a home with her parent 's bones in a sack . The sack roams through the house , with an annoying clac clac rattle , because no one has died yet in Macondo and the community lacks a cemetery . That will change soon enough , though.Macondo , founded in tranquillity and innocence , welcomes bands of gypsies bearing science -LRB- like ice and alchemy -RRB- , magic and illusions . The town admits Arabs too , who trade manufactured gadgets for macaws . The state invades in the form of Don Apolinar Moscote , a self-proclaimed magistrate in a town that did not need one . Likewise , the residents had become `` accustomed to '' ... arranging the business of their souls directly with God ... '' until Father Nicanor , invited to perform a wedding , decides to stay and build a church . The people of Macondo , unaware they require a church , donate pitiful amounts for Father Nicanor 's project until he resorts to levitating six-inches by drinking hot chocolate . Eventually the Banana Company arrives and dumps 3,200 citizens into the sea rather than pay their workers a decent wage.Solitude is withdrawal and denial , a loneliness and helplessness , an acquired madness instilled by philanthropy and greed upsetting tranquillity and innocence . M&aacute;rquez does not offer solutions for this phenomenon . It 's up to us , I suppose .
 Suffice it to say , there are surely enough glorifying reviews of this novel to choke a donkey . But one more ca n't hurt at this point . I first read this novel for a class , ripping out the family tree to use as a bookmark so I would n't lose track of which Aureliano or Jose Arcadio I was reading about . It is very interesting to read a book with such a broad scope with a group of people available for discussion throughout . It is safe to say that there are few themes this novel leaves out . Love , hate , religion , revenge , progress ... life literally oozes out of this book at every page . There wake of the story drags you along behind it long after you finish the final page . And Garcia is one of those authors who inspires us to ask after each sentence , `` How the heck did he come up with this ? '' Easily one of the best novels of the twentieth century that I have read , and one that , at the very least , inspires us to see the beauty and the magic that resides in the world , to seek it out and love it .
 This monumental novel is the originator of `` magic realism , '' a style that has since been used so often by lesser writers as to give the genre a bad name . However , Garcia Marquez 's work is the true original , disclosing to the reader a world in which the ordinary and the mystical live side by side , a state of existence viewed as unremarkable by the characters , and eventually by the reader as well.The characters are sharply drawn , masterful combinations of the down-to-earth and the eccentric . These succeeding generations of the Buendia family often have the same names as their ancestors , and while this can become confusing , the people themselves are such individuals , each of their lives bearing their own distinctive stamp , that at times we see them as clearly as if they were before us.The style is wholly original , a sonorous parlance that rolls along like the river described in the opening passages , in which the water has polished the stones to the smoothness of `` prehistoric eggs . '' The language catches this sense of almost geologic history as it traces the intertwined fortunes of the Buendia family and of the mythical town of Macondo from their beginnings to their definitive ends . As I read this book , I could not imagine how Garcia Marquez could possibly provide any kind of satisfactory ending to this pellucid , rollicking history . Suffice it to say that there is no doubt of the ending when the reader reaches the final pages of the book.Gregory Rabassa 's translation is so good that the author himself commented that he liked parts of the translation better than the original . Having read the book in both Spanish and English , I can state with complete honesty that I thought the translation was masterful , just as good as the book itself . He captures perfectly the tone and cadence of the Colombian coastal Spanish without any of the stilted quality that characterizes so many translations . If there were Nobel prizes for translators , I have no doubt that Rabassa would have received one .
 One Hundred Years of Solitude attempts to define the human element by telling the story of a family in a fictional Latin American town , Macondo . The book recounts the rise to and fall from prominence for both the town and the family . The story begins with the romantic dreams of the town 's founder , Jose Arcadio Buendia , and ends with the ruin of his family line , his house in disrepair and hurricanes ravaging the city he endeavored to make great . Mr. Marquez admirably tells the story of Buendia and all his descendents without losing the individuality of any of the characters . Though the Buendias tend to name sons and daughters after their grandparents , creating a confusing family tree , each member of the Buendia family has a distinct personality . Solitude undoubtedly prompts the reader to think about his or her own family tree and roots , and eventually what it is to be human.Maruqez 's Nobel-prize winning talent shines best in two specific areas . First , it shows in the style Marquez crafted from the influences of everyone from Cervantes to Faulkner , magical-realism . Marquez credits his grandmother for the storytelling style . Magical realism affords him the luxury to describe a block of ice as a glittering wonder and the appearance of ghosts in the in a nonchalant manner . Though disconcerting at first , the style is both clear and exudes the charm of a child experiencing everything for the first time.Marquez also dazzles in his ability to probe at the heart of the human element . Colonel Aureliano Buendia , the patriarch of Macondo 's son , is seen as a cyclic person , who begins his life sequestered in a workshop making golden fish to sell at market , and after losing 32 consecutive wars , dies in the same shop making the same fish , which he eventually melts down to make more fish . Still other characters , scarred by the death of husbands lock themselves in large mansions , forgotten by everyone . The climax of the epic is the invasion of the small town after a foreigner discovers the quality of the bananas grown there . The banana company comes to Macondo , separating the white settlement with a fence from the natives and mistreating the workers . In the end , however , everyone is forced to leave Macondo except the last remaining Buendia descendents who , embroiled in an incestuous love affair , fail to notice the danger of the storms or the fire ants to are always eating away at their house . It may sound depressing , but what it strikes the reader as most is as the unalterable flow of human history , a bleak cautionary tale . A great Oprah pick ! A great buy ! Another Amazon.com Quick Pick would be a startling novel by Tom Grimes with the difficult to remember title , WILL@epicqwest.com . Another reviewer mentioned , THE LOSERS ' CLUB by Richard Perez . I enjoyed it , too , although it 's quite modest . I 'm not sure Oprah can cover all these novels -- but one never knows !
 Oftentimes , lengthy and detailed novels suffer from boring plots . But ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE is anything but boring . Once you opened it , you will become unaware of the time reading it . This book offers hundred reasons for you to wish it will not end . However , due to my incompetence to capture the thought of the genius behind this book , I can only give you a few of those reasons .1 . Characters are vividly described . Each was carefully introduced by Garcia-Marquez in a way unforgettable to the reader -- Real emotions , distinct personalities , and unique but intertwined experiences .2 . Garcia Marquez tried to create a storyline of impossibilities to be unexpectedly believable . Myths , taboos and sins are included . But instead of defeating the popularity of the novel , those factors added spice , magic and uniqueness . Never this novel will fall under mediocrity .3 . The author was able to give a balance in describing human and natural aspects . He succeeded in creating a psychological standpoint of his own and polishing this aspect using environmental descriptions . You will encounter statements digging to the mind and heart of the character . On the other hand , you will be impressed by the details he gave to the setting wherein the characters are amazingly connected with . For example , he gave a detailed description of the Buendia 's house and at the same time captured the happenings of its dwellers .4 . Symbols are proliferated in the novel . Through this , Garcia-Marquez gave the readers an opportunity to explore the story themselves , to think what caused this to happen and what happens next .5 . The story is a web of emotions . It is like a roller-coaster ride of feelings -LRB- sadness , excitement , love , discoveries , happiness , and extreme solitude -RRB- . ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE is surely a novel worth the Nobel Prize . It was able to capture hundred years of the lives of the Buendia family and is now sharing it to millions of readers of our time .
 I was just reading the press release issued by the Nobel committee in '82 and I could n't help remembering the sense of magical -LRB- yet tragic -RRB- surrealism that permeates through his writing . . the past , the present and the future all come together in an incredible , liquid mosaic that 's simply mesmerizing . Both ' 100 years of solitude ' and ` love in the time of cholera ' are vivid and oh-so-alive . The historical feuds that have shaped the landscape of LatAm and the political , social turmoil of today all flow together as one surreal , mystic river and Marquez navigates the river like no one else .
 Garcia-Marquez 's masterpiece is the fountainhead of an entire genre -LRB- often termed magical realism -RRB- , though it has yet to be duplicated . Getting into this style of book is remniscent of falling asleep - you ca n't do it if you try . Once you are comfortably into the book - which many people fail to achieve - reading it is much like a dream , which only ends when you reach the end of the book and awake from the reverie that Garcia-Marquez has created . This experience alone makes the book worthwhile.The story itself concerns the lives of several generations of the Buendia family , in the mythical town of Macando . The story is intensely cyclical , with the names , personalities , and fortunes of the townsfolk repeating again and again , from the foundation of the town until its bitter end . While at times confusing , the bewilderment the story creates adds to its dream-like effects.One Hundred Years of Solitude is an immensely satisfying book , and a literary experience like no other . Highly recommended .
 This lush book by Gabriel Marquez-rightly called by many his masterpiece - is a book which expolores the mythical town of Macondo through the eyes of the members of the Buendia family . From Jose Aracado , the founder of the town , who was a philosiphist to the second to last Aurelino , who finally discovered the secret of the old gypsy 's papers , this story fludidly explores humans , as well as goverments and towns . While at times breathtakinly beautiful , at others rather mundane , and at others almost ridicolously fantastic , this is one of the most powerful books ever of the 20th century -LRB- and definatly shows that this author 's later Nobel Prize was justly deserved for his collection of works . -RRB- This tale is almost like a series of tales which explores each of the members of this amazing - and yet realistic - family . Told in a third person narrative , Marquez tells the tale with little judgement - he works magic at letting the reader get close to the characters without passing insight or judgement on the protagonists so you almost forget that the narrative is n't told by the characters themselves.While the story at times may be confusing -LRB- manly in part that most of the characters have the same names -RRB- , and outlandish , expecially if one is n't familar with the concept of magical realism -LRB- when something in an ordinary setting happens that would n't normally happen - i.e. while Remodios the Beauty , one of the characters ascends to heaven while helping hold out a sheet -RRB- , it is one of the most poignant , most deep and sad storys of our time , and one which everyone should read , and everyone will enjoy at one point of their lives .
 If I read One Hundred Years of Solitude at any other time in my life , I would 've hated it . Before I was diagnosed with breast cancer , my taste for books were more of the romantic , happy-ending , leave-them-feeling-good selection . I stayed away from the gritty , brutally realistic types of books , like this one . But now , I do n't shy away from books that lead you to an inevitability of sadness and hopelessness , and this book is certainly that.One Hundred Years of Solitude is a story about the Buendia family , one of the founding families of the Macondo village . It opens with Jose Arcadio Buendia , the head of the Buendia family . He leads a group of people from their village in search of the sea . Unable to find it , they decide on an area to settle in and begin building their village , Macondo . From here , the author weaves the story and history of the Buendia Family . There are recurring themes , like curses , within the Buendia family
 I do n't want to spend time explaining the plots or merits of this book . I could n't do them justice anyway . I just want anyone out there who has n't read this book to know that it would be an absolute travesty to die having never read it . I 've read it three times in English and once in Spanish and I never once got tired of it . I have a bachelor 's degree in Literature and will soon be atending grad school . I 've read a fair amount of stuff , and this book is without comparison . I 'm telling you people , READ THIS BOOK , love it , and then read it again .
 As an author with my debut novel in its initial release and an educator in an impoverished border-area high school with a student population usually 99 % Latino , I can safely say that Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE is among the most common book recommendations I make to my most gifted students . ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE rests near the top of last century 's literary works . It is the perfect example of magical realism , and it practically introduced Latin American literature to the world scene . This book is tops . If you have n't read it , do !
 Although I liked some aspects of One Hundred Years of Solitude , I do have some bones to pick with it.For one , I do n't like the way Marquez tells the story . It is not in chronological order . To be honest this is n't my favorite way of telling a story but that is n't the worst part . What really bugs me about it is the fact that he spoils his future events . Not by foreshadowing but by blatantly telling you what will happen later in the story.Another problem is his sentence structure . Some of them were quite long . I like highly expressive writing styles and complicated sentences , but Marquez does it all wrong . There was one particular one that started more than half way up page 348 and ended at almost the bottom of page 350 . Now call me cynical , but that sentence was pretty much a short story in itself . Needless to say I did n't like his sentence structure . -LRB- I highly doubt that this extremely long sentence was made with the translation since Marquez complimented Rabassa on his work and even said he preferred the English version of his novel . -RRB- I must say I did enjoy the actual story and the message that Marquez was giving . He was very symbolic and I liked that part of the novel.In all I think that One Hundred Years of Solitude was good but not the best . If you 're curious about my favorite novel , here it is
 This book is on my top five list . I come from a Latin American background , and this book manages to create the feeling of being in Latin America and living with a Latin American family . The thought patterns , the logic , and the ready acceptance of extraordinary things are all so familiar to me , and yet I never would have been able to verbalize or recognize them had I not read this book . This is a classic ... it should be required reading for all students . It is amazing .
 I had never read any of Marquez 's works before I read this novel as an English assignment . Once I actually got into the novel , I found myself stuck inside the village of Macondo day and night , until I finished the book . The writing , while incredibly descriptive and beautiful , tends to leave me wondering where the end of the sentence is . Another drawback is that you ca n't find anything in the novel , unless it 's the ending , which is a bit unnerving in and of itself . However , I loved the way Marquez wove us in and out of reality , playing on our senses , presenting us with incredible feats of magic while we readers sat there , drinking it all in like greedy children .
 One of the most compelling scenes in `` 100 Years '' is Arcadio stuck against the wall , shot within Rebeca 's horrified glance . Aureliano escapes by the intervention of Jose Arcadio , who in turn is shot by Rebeca . The trickle of blood has trailed in its seventeen-verb course through town to be discovered by Ursula just as she is about to separate the thirty-six eggs for the baking bread . Then Ursula like Theseus follows the trail in reverse , discovering both victim and murderer . As readers we too pursue a trail of clues to unravel the family saga.Both firing squad scenes form a gruesome irony on a potent symbol of Hispanic culture , the ubiquitous crucifix . Somehow I had not expected to witness , as reader , either of those scenes . It is almost a `` Ben Hur '' effect , that the witnessing of an execution sets one to thinking and in his case believing . On the other hand , Aureliano appears to be the main protagonist , and thus his death is hard to believe in , despite all the foretellings . Several of those little warnings deviate to the effect of `` years later , when he was an old man , '' so that his death by firing squad is incongruous . But other `` facts '' we accept have already been violated and therefore it is not impossible.There is something amusing about breaking oneself away from `` 100 Years , '' ending at Ursula 's comment upon getting a letter from Aureliano in Cuba that he will spend Christmas at `` the remote ends of the earth , '' to turn to Alexander Humboldt 's real-life `` Voyage to the Equatorial Regions '' from the Canaries across the Atlantic to some of the very places -LRB- whichever they are -RRB- traversed by Aureliano . Indeed , `` 100 Year '' 's insistence on anonymity of place -LRB- except for the obviously fictitious Macondo -RRB- implies its events can happen practically anywhere in South America . The not infrequent mention of the Caribbean , the seasonal rains and the tropical forests specifically suggest southern Venezuela or Brazil or anywhere within Garcia Marquez 's Colombian homeland.Even so , we should not take geophysical signs too literally in this work . The very mixture of alleged facts allows us to conceive of a Pan American -LRB- or Pan South American -RRB- ethos , a world of chaos in which the whole world is one 's own tiny village , in which one 's life is but a process in an entire generation and an entire genealogy . In turn , the genealogy is played out in the entire lineage , each individual living out both the past and the future.Then , too , Garcia Marquez forces us to examine our own assumptions of reality and civilization , to examine microscopically every detail we consider normal and reassess it from every angle . What are familial relations ? What is war ? What is communication ? What is love ? What is peace ? What is the development of a town ? What is manly honor and womanly virtue ? What is philosophy ? What is a noble idea vs. a silly charlatanism?All these and more are facets of life that he turns upside down and inside out -- the priestly levitation is one of the more literal examples -- to reveal ever more intimacy of the individuals involved and ever more that makes us question our very selves . To read Garcia Marquez is to journey into the heart of oneself , even as Humboldt travels into the very geographical territory of Garcia Marquez . It is a fascinating quest , each author enriching the other and both enriching me . Garcia Marquez assembles such an oddball amalgam of verisimilitude in the details , while at the same time presenting such an outrageous sequence of events , that the whole notion of history and of fiction -LRB- as in Borges -RRB- is called into question.It is interesting to see how the people of Macondo hear war and rumors of war from all parts , how contradictory reports reach them , only to be reversed by even more mutually contradictory notices . All of that is so typical of a world without mass media , yet to turn on CNN and read a newspaper account or two creates the same chaos . The only difference is the quality of the presentation , the so-called reliability of the sources . It is just a game whose sophistication has been improved , not -- I think -- its essence.At the same time of the limited communication of Macondo , Humboldt reveals his marvel at the wonders of `` modern progress and civilization '' -LRB- c. 1800 -RRB- that allow residents of the remotest pampas of Argentina to communicate via mail with their fellow espanoles in Mexico and Florida . Together , these two concepts of communication , occurring more or less simultaneously since the war in `` 100 Years '' seems to happen just after the great south American revolutions , comprise a dramatic irony to the state of mail I find in today 's Venezuela . To send a letter from Caracas to Punto Fijo -LRB- some 200 miles -RRB- sometimes takes thirty days , while in Humboldt 's day a twice-monthly trip was made from Buenos Aires to Spain . In `` 100 Years '' news often travels faster , but always with a question of reliability . The supreme irony is that all is already foretold , right back at home.This is a book I will read over and over again to savor the richness of its poetic tones and the multiple layers of ironic and dramatic richness . It is like an English trifle , to be visually admired as a whole then to be nibbled away at in bites , each time savoring a new flavor and an unexpected taste
 Garcia Marquez is easily the world 's greatest living manipulator of language . His words are beautiful in Spanish and well-translated into English here .
 To me , Gabriel Garcia Marquez ' brilliant One Hundred Years of Solitude is best classified as a fairy tale for adults
 I am dismayed to see that some people have given such a negative review to this novel , I think in great part it is because they do n't understand or appreciate the intricacy of the novel . This is by no means an easy read , but after all you do n't look for greatness in airport novels ... If you are a serious reader interested in finding one of the best book ever written then look no further . Marquez manages to create a whole new world in his novel , one that will live on and stand the test of time.The other recommendation I can make is that if you know Spanish then try to read it in its original language , one of the greatest things about Marquez is his mastery of the language . Every sentence feels like a delightful adventure.If there is only one book you will ever read in your life , then this should be it , pure and simple .
 The best way for me to describe this book is that it 's a very long folklore tale . That seems to be the simplestdiscription of Magical Realism . You can hear it in your head , being passed down between the generations . Eachchapter feels like it represents one story that is told at one sitting ; they compound on each other to make thiswonderful story complete.The fantastic elements of this story take on mythic qualities ; explaining those things in the world that seem to beunexplainable without the notion of some kind of spiritual intervention . The characters in the book , as well as thereader , must have faith that these explanations are true or else the story is nothing but a passionate fable.Be prepared when reading this book
 No , the story does n't exactly have a plot , but more of a collection of fantastic stories of each member of a large family through generations . Each character has their own obsession , problem , passion , or insanity . You get to follow generations through almost supernatural events . All the while there is something much bigger happening , and Marquez succeeds in bringing it all together beautifully in the end . This book has the best ending I have ever read that left me absolutely awestruck and weeping as I was devastated that the adventure was over .
 This book is not for those who only loved the Chicken Soup for the Soul series . No , this one 's for the strong individual . If you have trouble living outside the block - do n't touch this one . This one will take you through a journey , with a family through a period of hundred years . The characters are real,raw,blooded,bold,beautiful-people as they should 've been before the great civilizations marred our brains with less significant worries . This one is a fantasy with characters you 're only dreamed of , if ever . I would recommend it to those who have done a great deal of reading already and not someone checking out on some classics .
 My husband gave me this book our first Christmas together . He told me it was his favorite book ever , and hoped I enjoyed it as much as he did . I many times opened the book and read the first line , '' ... as he faced the firing squad , Colonel Aureliano Buendia ... '' and thought , oh no , a war book , I ca n't bear it . Well now after 10 years of marriage and 3 kids I 've taken the time to get past the first paragraph and ca n't believe I did n't previously give this masterpiece a chance . This is a brilliantly written work about so much more than a soldier , it 's about love , hate , and all of the emotions in between in all human relationship . I found the characters to all be well-defined and diverse so that any person reading this book could identify with any one of the many characters . The magic-reality aspect is particularly well-done for an audience outside of Latin America to accept , not necessarily easy for many Latin American books to achieve . In short , give this book a chance to change your perspective ; you 'll find it is worth the time .
 There is so much about this book to comment on that it is better for me to keep my comments simple . Yes , it is a difficult book to read and many times I felt myself very confused over who was who and about what was going on . I suppose if you are someone who does n't want a challenge and you want things very clear and uncomplicated , then this book may not be for you . However , the magical realism does not take away from the absolute beauty and emotion of this book . After reading the book I was in awe of how anyone 's writing could be so complicated and so beautiful ! I honestly think it is one of the best books ever written and I have read a ton of books ! I recently purchased Marquez 's newest book -LRB- I believe it is his autobiography ? -RRB- and can not wait to read it .
 The negative reviewers here seem , more or less , to want this book to move faster , or get to some kind of specific point , and are upset that it does n't . So I 'll make this suggestion , if you are reading to get to the end of a book , do n't read this book ; you wo n't deserve it . Read a Michael Chrichton book or something . On the other hand , if you are willing to be swept into an epic story that is written -LRB- and translated -RRB- with style and grace , plotted with a mature sense of wonder , and will make you weep , laugh , and seethe with anger , then read this one.No matter how many times I reach the last page of this book , I never feel like I 've `` finished '' it . it always pulls me right back into it .
 First , a foreward : I was initially struck by the difference in reviewer opinions between those who read the `` oprah '' edition , and those who reviewed the regular edition . The Oprah edition contains a much higher percentage of 1 and 2 star reviews , with the most common complaints being `` confusing '' and `` depressing . '' Then I realized what it is
 this is not a quick read or should not be one of those books that you should try to breeze by . . but rather like a lazy siesta it 's to be taken and read in it 's own time ... the rewards are plentiful if you stick with it . . one of the most lyrical , beautiful , life affirming books I 've ever read . . American 's with our 2 minute attention span and need for quick , empty entertainment might not get it . . but Marquez shows the history of a family over several life spans . . and it 's a wonderful , captivating story . . I 've never read a book that held me so enraptured right up until the very last sentence . .
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez takes a breathtaking look at the human condition in One Hundred Years of Solitude . He tells us the story of the Buendia family , presented , as is his usual style , within the dualities of fantastic magic realism and a these-are-the-facts journalist voice . Marquez seems to transcend the concept of scene as he jumps from one point in the history of Maconda to another without warning , but the prose never loses its storyteller 's focus nor its steady gaze into the lives of the characters.This is a wonderful novel for those who appreciate literature as art , and for readers who want to stretch their limits and become immersed in a fully realized fictional community . Personally , I would also enjoy casually reading this novel , but it 's certainly not for the faint of heart , or someone who is reading merely to be entertained . I would suggest it for the human race as a whole , but do n't think you 're buying a Stephen King . This is difficult literature that demand a lot from it 's reader.That said , this novel will impress you . As I read through it , I was constantly struck at the truth in Marquez 's prose . There were counteless moments where I said aloud , `` That is exactly what -LRB- X -RRB- feels like , in all of it 's gritty complexity . '' Or something akin to it , since I do n't speak like a book critic in real life . One Hundred Years was an amazing journey for me ; be prepared if you start it . It 's addictive.And the ending is the most complete and gorgeous of any I have read .
 The first thing I thought of while reading the book was how much is reminded me of Middlesex by Jeffrey Eugenides . Obviously Solitude was written first . What I loved so much in Middlesex -LRB- family history , foreign country -RRB- , I grew to enjoy in this book.What I think is crazy about the book is that the most frustrating parts of it the author included on purpose ! For Example , everybody has the same name regardless of what generation they are from . The frustration of separating the characters was done on purpose to show much of the family 's history and experieneces repeated.Another frustrating thing about the book was that it would skip around chonologically . This took a bit getting used to but became another example of the repeating of history.I was equally impressed to meet someone over the weekend that had read the book in spanish . I was VERY impressed . This book was great but at times I felt it a bit dificult . I needed a dictionary next to me while I was reading : -RRB-
 Gabriel has a unique talent of showing a whole new meaning for life . With all the spices that i enjoyed to the maximum experiencing the 100 years , i also shivered - for the first time - to the idea of death ... Amazing book for an Amazing Writer . . If you get through the first chapter which could be confusing , you 're safe to surf !!!
 SPOILERS !!! Do n't read on if you 've not experienced the magic of this book . Draw your own conclusions ; you 're adults , no ? That having been said : Oh for heaven 's sake ... OK , for all of you whiners out there who complain bitterly about the novel containing so many similarly named characters , try this
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez has woven together a complex story of the human condition in his novel One Hundred Years of Solitude . It is at the same time a realistic history novel and a magical fantasy tale . Told through the lives of the Buendia family , the book chronicles one hundred years in the history of the ficitonal town of Macondo . The founding of Macondo picks up right after Genesis of the Bible with Jose Arcadio Buendia and his wife , Ursula . Their lives and influence are central to the novel and I soon found myself engrossed in the book.It is sometimes difficult to follow , as the Buendia family has a habit of conceiving children often and naming them after their elder family members . However , Garcia Marquez craftily uses this pattern to comment on the cyclical nature of history ; that is , that history does n't merely travel in a linear path , but goes back and repeats itself . Many times I found myself flipping to the front cover of the book , where there is printed a family tree . Without it , I think keeping track of the characters would be an impossibility . For example , Jose Arcadio Buendia and Ursula have sons named Jose Arcadio and Aureliano ; their sons are named Arcadio and Aureliano Jose ; the next generation includes sons named Aureliano Segundo and Jose Arcadio Segundo ; the last of the sons are called Jose Arcadio and Aureliano . The women of the novel are not quite as difficult to remember , as they are named Remedios , Rebeca , Amaranta , Pilar Ternera , Santa Sofia de la Piedad , Fernanda del Carpio , Renata Remedios , and Amaranta Ursula . Still , the sheer number of characters in the novel makes it sometimes difficult to remember.Garcia Marquez manages to make his novel simultaneously a comedy and a tragedy as he weaves together his characters with heartbreak , civil war , love and lust . His characters find themselves in impossible and preposterous positions , but they so greatly reflect human emotions that they become real . Garcia Marquez 's ridiculous situations and poignant observations of human conflict make this book a thoroughly interesting and enjoyable read . However , it is not to be approached lightly , as it takes great thought to understand the symbols of the novel . But if you discipline yourself to explore the lives of the Buendias , you will find a remarkable work of fiction that reflects the human spirit and fills you with both desperation and hope .
 Far from being a novel yet a bible in the context of human history , this book tells much to all man kind . Once you finish the book , you would realize you 're always alone even if you 're living in a metropolis.The book is a story of a family who has lived in Macondo for about hundred years . The family started with mischief , which prevailed the fate of the family . But the family and Macondo vanished from the Earth when a baby was born with a pig tail.Bible tells about God 's love towards human being ; the book tells about the life of people who were deserted from God . Bible says about the Judgement of man kind ; the book says about the suffering of deserted people . Bible is the promise of the uncertain salavation and Second Advent of Christ ; the book is the story about the fate of deserted people who should suffer solitude even after dying.If you could n't help but feel lonely , this book tells you why .
 this here book done made me feel alone like a peice of strang hanging from a spiders web up in a tree and i the spider spinnin around lost in the nite air and vaccuum of silence !
 This is quite possibly the most amazing book I have ever read , and I 've worked my way through a large portion of the world 's `` classics '' . Unlike many books used in college level english courses that require heavy dissection before you get everything from the novel , One Hundred Years of Solitude can get its point accross even if you do n't quite realize it.True , its an allegory for the history of humanity , and there are many many buried themes and ideas that you can rip out of the text and create a kind of analytical understanding , but this is one of the rare books that gets everything accross that it needs to simply in the feelings conveyed.A book this magical suspends disbelief and brings you to a mental state where anything is possible , and again , with its exquisitely crafted messages you understand everything Marquez is trying to convey simply with emotions , no higher , more analytical delving is required .
 This book really portrais the history of early 20th century latin american countries . The miths , costumes , belives that make a bunch of different countries , the same people . Wonderfully written , the flow of the stories that interact keep you inmersed in a whole microcosm that will make you feel part of the time and place .
 gregory rabassa 's translation of this book is a great work in itself ; i 'm no scholar , but to me , his work seems the spiritual descendent of putnam 's , just as the story itself is of don quixote . man , i wish i could read spanish - could you imagine having to read translations of shakespeare ?
 This novel is by far the most important novel written in the XXth century ... Do n't let anyone fool you . . It 's not Ulysses by James Joyce , this stuff is READABLE !!!! If you can read it in Spanish do n't miss it ... This novel created magical realism , a concept that might seem foreign to many `` American '' readers , but it 's quite real to us Colombians . . Two pointers on reading this book :1 -RRB- Do n't keep track of the Names !!! It 's pointless ... 2 -RRB- You can start reading the book on any page ... If you like Allende and would like to know where she got ALL her ideas .
 I just finished reading the book yesterday and was completely blown away . As soon as I put the book down , all these questions started popping up in my head
 Marquez 's use of magical realism allows this novel its endless possibilities ! While considered a great work of literature , I found this book to be easy to read . The only part I had trouble with was keeping everyone 's similar-sounding names straight . Luckily a family tree was provided for the easily confused readers like myself . I highly enjoyed reading this book and would reccomend it to anyone looking for a fun and powerful read .
 If you are starting to read latin american , fantastic realism or both , you should start with this book . Since half the characters have the same name -LRB- actually , there are two names that repeat through the book -RRB- , I would suggest to read it all in one or two weeks ... it 's easier to remember the names and small details - which are plenty , by the way . Its characters are well depicted , and show the difference between anglo-saxon and latin characters . Also , the sensuality of the latin novel is quite well represented in this book , though it main focus is far more broad than sensuality . Comparing the sensual passages with - say - those from Henry Miller , is quite enlightening ... While the second is objective and raw , the former brings the reader a richer experience .
 It took me until I was 21 years old until I finally read this novel . It was well worth it , and I have read it again since then . It is a little hard to read , but it is a classic . I suggest that you use the family tree in the front of the book . It is nearly impossible to keep track of all the characters . It may take you a little while to become completely imersed in the story , it starts out a little slow . But , it will be well worth it to keep going .
 `` One Hundred Years '' is a pleasant gift to World Literature . The saga of the Buend&iacute;as is soooo grandly descripted that it will still make one reflect about it for a long time after finishing the reading . The carachters are lovely , or dreadful , but always mystical and picturesque . `` One Hundred Years '' is a fiction dressed of reality , because Macondo and its exotic inhabitants seem so real that the SUrreal details only contribute to create the magic atmosphere of the `` novel '' . ESSENTIAL READING !!!!!
 This book is a classic to be read over and over . When I got to the last page , I started the book over again just like I was turning the next page . Upon second reading , the storyline -LRB- which admittedly can be confusing -RRB- made more sense . The only complaint I have about the book is that characters first names are all so similar that the reader must continually consult the family tree at the beginning of the book . The book is an astonishing achievement of literature , and the reader must be willing to suspend belief and be challenged . For me , this book was a bit like water
 One of my favorites as a child , and one of the novels that led me into studying foreign literature . Beautifully written and it 's nice to get away from the Kindle and actually touch authentic paper . I just wish it came with a free copy of `` One hundred Years of Solitude '' . It 's been a while since I 've visited Macando . It was nice returning , even though I wish I had ordered the Spanish version to see if living and studying in South America has actually provided me with the skills to complete a task of reading a novel that I know well .
 As the title says , an absolute clasic . No question about it , Garcia Marquez is one of the best story tellers out there . No wonder he got the Nobel ... But a part from that , i think this one is a beautiful edition .
 This is a novel that takes you away from the world of today and the horrible problems you are saturated by on TV , newspapers , radios , etc. ... . makes you know that a hard life is not without trials and problems but the horror seems less intense and families continue no matter what .
 This is a classic that I 've heard so much about . I enjoy a good fiction novel and thus far , am liking this book .
 I finished reading the novel only about a week ago . Consequently , I was so inspired by the writing , that I sent Gabriel Garcia Marquez a message on his facebook page , and let him know how much I enjoyed the novel . My commentary got lost in the fan mail , but I got a chance to find out what new things the author is doing with his work . He aspires to get one or two plays into theatre , so that 's something to wait for in anticipation .
 I am a designer , and I must say it is really nice to own a real piece of artwork that is not a painting
 Life and dreams and the past mix with reality and the present moment . Ice burns hot . A beautiful girl in the village is taken up to heaven . A character discovers the history of his family has been recorded one-hundred years in advance . The pursuit of alchemy or taking a photo of God is pursued . Revolutions are common . Insomnia is a plague.There seems to be no time or place . The village , Macondo , is primordial and incestual . The story centers around Jose Arcadio Buendia and his wife Ursula and their five generations of descendants . Their descendants are Jose and Ursula in different forms and strengths and weaknesses as history repeats itself.The novel is comic and tragic at the same time . It 's myth and a Genesis . It is magic realism with all the elements of a great read
 If you 're truly looking for a book to `` get lost '' in , this is it . This particular edition is completely fine , no better or worse than any other , but honestly - it 's all about the book itself . It 's one of those stories you can read a dozen times , and still enjoy , and find something new in .
 A fascinating journey . An epic that covers so many facets of life in a wonderful narrative . From love to hate , peace to war , discovery to conquest . I was completely enthralled in not only the story itself but how it was uniquley told . The imaginative nature made my reality dreamlike in the days it took me to finish this work . The story inspired and the style captivated . Hard to put down .
 Only a handful of books leave a lasting impression long after the plot and characters and setting fade away . This is obviously one of those books.Two decades after reading this , I do n't remember many , if any , details . However , I do remember the way this novel wrapped itself around me . Its writing embraces you with such depth of emotion . The language -LRB- and thus the translation -RRB- is so beautiful . The story flows with a natural magical rhythm . It 's all so real and tragic and simultaneously wonderful.Read this novel is for its emotional impact . It 's truly a work of art .
 This is my second favorite book of all time -LRB- the first isOne Hundred Years of Solitude -LRB- Cien A & ntilde ; os de SoledadSpanish Version -RRB- by the same author -RRB- . It tells the story of lovesick Florentino , who has waited for the love of his life , Fermina , for 50 years . Fermina was married to Dr. Juvenal Urbino and therefore unavailable . Their love story began through letters . But then Fermina rejects Florentino because she feels their relationship was naive . She is forced to marry Dr. Urbino by her father . When Dr. Urbino dies , Florentino comes back into Fermina 's life and tells her he has waited for her all these years . Then , their correspondence continues and their love grows again.Garcia Marquez has written an amazing love story that employs elements of magical realism . This only make the story better and even more amazing . This love story is as no other , and only Garcia Marquez could have written such an amzing book . The characters are so well written that they come alive in the pages of this book.I read the book in Spanish and I reccommend that if you understand Spanish , to read this book in its original language . Although the English translation is good , I feel the Garcia Marquez touch , the `` it '' that makes this story what it is may get lost in the translation.This is a book that everyone should read and I can not reccommend it enough .
 One Hundred Years of Solitude is the novel we compare all attempts at Latin American magical realism to . In this book Marquez perfectly executes the requirements of the genre , making sure that the more unrealistic elements are used purposefully , not just to shock or confuse -LRB- although I do understand some readers ' initial disgust with several incestuous encounters and with the scene in which red ants are carrying away an infant -RRB- . Nothing is done randomly is this novel , the characters , events , stories and dialogue tie together to prove the strength of the Buendia family bond.Just about everyone should be able to find thematic elements to interest them in this dense , lengthy novel . Violence and war , success and defeat , love and loss , friends and enemies , loyalty and betrayal , tradition and innovation and , above all else , the role of the family . Marquez 's style allows for humor to coincide with very serious , grave emotions and events.A novel everyone who considers themselves `` a reader '' should read .
 This is a marvelous book that remind 's me in both style and message ofAmerica 's Keenest City , by Mongo . I would recommend that if you like Marquez , you should read Mongo also . Both books use surrealism to expose political and cultural phenomena . Marquez enlightens us about Latin America and Mongo about North America .
 I picked this book up simply for the photograph of Gabriel Garcia Marquez on the back , which I found very eloquent . Yet all the way through the novel , I could n't quite understand why he won the Nobel Prize for Literature -- I thought it was a good novel , yes , but a great novel ... Then I came to the last page -- in fact , the last sentence . I have never found so much meaning explosively packed into a single sentence in anything else I have read . Marquez manages to make every smallest detail of the novel pertinent to the reader and to the human experience , when that last sentence fires through your circuits like a bomb going off.I 'm not usually one for the surreal in literature -- but I can not think of another medium that could so perfectly depict the truths that Marquez has to offer . This book can be frustrating at times , but is more than worthwhile to read all the way through .
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez has written many interesting and beautiful books about his native Colombia . This is , pardon the expression , the granddaddy of them all . It tells the story of the Buendia family who left a town near the coast and traveled through the mountains to found the town of Macondo in the interior of the country.The plot tells the story of several generations of the family and chronicles , in an almost off-hand way , the revolutions/civil wars that plagued Colombia throughout its history , the amazements of invention and technology of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , the strength and drama of family , and of course the romance in life.If this is the first Garcia book you read , it will take some time to get used to the book . The characters have similar names , and the story twists and turns through time , going back and forth almost at will . The characters and the author all accept magical events as commonplace . A few of the deeper thoughts may be difficult to understand ; I know there were some sentences that were too deep for me . But , above all , you will be charmed by the beautiful writing , engrossed by the plot and in love with the world that Garcia creates .
 I read this book In spanish for my AP Spanish class when I was a junior in high school and now that I am a college junior I still think it is one of the best books that I ever read . It is an incredible book filled with magic and Marquez is a genious indeed . I highly recommend for anyone to read Love in the times of Cholera because that is one of the best romantic and magical novels ever .
 One Hundred ... . was the first book by Garc&iacute;a Marquez I read , since then I have read all his work , but I will never be so impressed by a book as I was with this one , the moment I finished it , I began again . The last pages got me so much that I kept doing as Aureliano was doing at the moment , trying to skip some bits to reach the end and find out what was the mistery of the book . Is a masterpice that everyone should read at least three times . It might not be the most beautiful one I 've ever read , that is for sure ' Love in the times of cholera ' , but it is , for sure , the most powerfull .
 This book has a magic of its own . From the very beginning a mysterious world starts to unfold amid the complexity and hilarious nature of the characters . Laughter pangs will occur if you read this book with an open yet fucused mind . A masterpiece that should be read by people from all walks of life , for its depths are deeper that they seem.An opportunity to immerse yourself in a world that goes beyond the imaginable .
 I resisted reading this book for 10 years , even though my friends told me how good it was . I had glanced at it before and had not been taken by it . But by chance I picked it up one day and the first page bloomed and the second even more and the the third even more and so on and so on ... . One of the greatest novels of all time , written by a contemporary novelist . Incredible !
 A genialidade de gabriel garcia marques criou uma das hist&oacute;rias mais lindas e bem contados do s&eacute;culo , compre , leia e releia pq voc nunca vai cansar . &eacute; um cl&aacute;ssico a ser colocado junto com Les miserables .
 This book is , by far , Garc&iacute;a Marquez 's and magical realism showpiece . It takes you through a journey that swings between being far-fetched and absolutely real and passionated . Sometimes you 're going to be confused , sometimes you 're going to feel dizzy , but the thing that will always remain is that belly titillation that something great and marvellous is happening , 'cause every single detail , every single event in `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' is moving , weird , and most of all , simple . Dive into one of the most important latinamerica -LRB- and maybe worldwide -RRB- writers of the twentieth century . One piece of advice , though
 I stumbled upon this book quite by accident and without meaning to , rediscovered the world around me . That 's what truly great literature can do ; transcend its status and color a person 's view of the world like some life changing event , a birth or a death.Clearly I have personal feelings towards this book , but , to put it simply , this is the novel that made me love literature . In the past I appreciated good writing . I had my degree in English , was prepared to throw down over Moby Dick as needed , but I never loved literature until I discovered the Buendia 's and Macondo.What I had been missing was what so many modern writers fail to get across-the mystery of life . Garcia-Marquez solves no riddles and answers no questions . In fact , he does n't really ask any questions . That 's not why he writes . On the contrary , Garcia-Marquez is just a simple storyteller , plying his trade , lolling around in the melodrama of life .
 It may seem like a glib comparisson , but really 100 years of solitude is a lot like a Latin American literary version of the Simpsons . The book is deliciously fast pased . Like a good Simpsons episode it 's jam-packed with bizarre events , so many they jump at you almost faster than you can take them all in . Just like you can watch a Simpsons two or three times and always find something new that had escaped you the first time , you can read Solitude many times over and it 's always seems fresh , there 's always something new waiting for you there that you 'd missed the first time around in the great storm of occurrances.Just like the Simpsons paints a disturbingly true-to-life picture of contemporary American life , Solitude is a great running allegory of Latin America . No single element of it can be described as realistic , but the overall effect is a remarkably lifelike feel for the cultural feel of the region . Of course , everyone knows that no Nuclear Plant worker is as incompetent as Homer , but the caricature of his incompetence captures a facet of American tolerance for mediocrity we can all recognize , and does it far more effectively than a more direct representation could have . No one in Latin America can eat 8 cows in a 4 day binge like one of the Aurelianos does , but the way the scene is written gives you a sense for a specifically Latin American attitude towards the Feast that is both factually wrong and metaphorically perfect.Also , the book is just as much fun as a good Simpsons episode . Like the real master that he is , Garcia Marquez wo n't make you choose between great art and great entertainment
 This book is a spell , 100 years long but its never broken . I 've heard the term magic realism a million times but never have heard it defined in any way that includes more than one book at a time . Every Latin American writer is very different . Perhaps the term was useful when the Latin boom occurred -LRB- as a way of referring to a new group of writers -RRB- but now it seems kind of meaningless . This book is magical though in that everything from natural phenomenon to supernatural phenomenon is told in the same river long sentences and every unlikely thing seems perfectly natural . The realism part is perhaps the fact that Garcia-Marquez is addressing very real issues like History though with a very unreal fable . You can enjoy this as a kind of imaginative feast which takes you into a kind of Midsummer Nights Dream of a world and you can let yourself just let it all flow by and through your mind like a dream some poet is transmitting to you directly which is a highly recommended way of enjoying this , as art . Or you can pay mind to the themes , mostly tragic , that run through this and realize that the reason the author chose to write in such a way was to supply his world with a continuity , a story , that his country did not provide . Any way you read it some of the events told will remain in memory long after the book has been loaned to someone else -LRB- the arrival of ice to the village -RRB- . It is a beautiful book . It seems light while you are reading it but the power of the book builds and builds and the ending is quite remarkable . Easily one of the top ten books of the last fifty years if not one hundred .
 I 've often heard that authors have to hook the reader within the first ten pages or else . This is the first book that ever hooked me in the first sentence . A great story told by a master teller with a wonderful translator . I only wish I read Spanish so that I might experience this novel in its original form . Garcia Marquez is the only writer whom I 've read who could pull off `` magical realism '' . This is Garcia Marquez 's finest book .
 Some books I recommend because I enjoyed them , or thought they were funny . Others are works of art , crafted by a genius mind . I give you Gabriel Garcia Maquez and his 100 Years of Solitude , an etheral , dreamlike story of the founding family of a small town lost in the jungles of Columbia . Often comic and surreal , but strangely believable at the same time , this Nobel Prize winning book is inexplicably brilliant . Totally blew my mind ! Do n't miss it .
 I was born in Colombia and the first time I read this book I was 9 . Of course it took me almost one year to finish it and I did n't understand it very well . Over the years I 've read it other 15 times in spanish and this is the first time I read it in english . Everytime I read it I found new things , new characters , new words , more magic , more about South American people , more about my culture . That 's why I want to thank the people who took the time to investigate about Colombia , its history , its people , its culture , its geography , etc. . It is almost impossible to read this book and understand it without knowing all this background . When you read this book a door opens between you and a magic world , that , even though never existed , is so close to reality than it can trap you for life . I do n't know how many times I 'm going to read it again , but it 's always a pleasure to open any page and start reading . It is never a repetition because you never know if you 'll find something else . Apparently the story itself evolutes with you through the years . READ IT AGAIN !!!!!
 When I first picked up this book to read , it was because I was frankly quite intrigued by Salman Rushdie 's ` Midnight 's Children ' and wanted to know more about Magic Realism . Until I finished this book , I could not get an inkling of what the author had tried to convey . On the surface , it seemed to me that this was the story , albeit an unusual one , of the life of a family , with a town in the background . It began as a small settlement and grew into a town and finally got destroyed in a Biblical storm . The story was narrated like a fairy tale , with a minimum of dialogues and apparently very little attention to the intricate details of characterization that you normally find in other great novels . And then , other novels do n't generally span five generations and even if they do , do n't evoke such phantasmagoric imagery . In a nutshell , I was confused.The first thing that made me sit up and take notice was the imagery that the climax evoked . The part where Aureliano -LRB- the protagonist at that time -RRB- deciphers the parchments that chronicle the life of the family , and deciphers the lines that describe him in the act of deciphering them , and then realizes that he would never leave the room after he has finished ... I was reminded of something I had heard about a man 's life flashing before him an instant before his death . The pieces began to fall in place - the phrase `` the house of mirrors -LRB- or mirages -RRB- '' took on a new , and much more significant meaning in the scheme of things . The whole story began to appear to me in an entirely new light then.I realized then that ` One Hundred Years of Solitude ' was not a novel about Latin America , or about a town or about a family - it was about a human being 's life , from infancy till death . It was about the different things that he discovers about the world and about himself at various stages of his life - the excited discovery of the outside world in his childhood , the youthful vigour of adolescence , the kaleidoscopic stages of adulthood , the serenity of old age , and that last breath of life , vigour and stormy consciousness before death.It was an experience as enthralling as life itself is . The book is always at the back of my mind - every day reveals something new about the book that had been hitherto undiscovered . This book is a constant voyage of discovery - a must read for anyone who is looking for a meaning to existence .
 First published in Argentina in 1967 , this novel has captivated millions of readers through the years . I 'm glad to say that now I 've joined their ranks . I 've never seen magic realism , the essence of Latin American fiction , done so well . The story drew me in and held me fast for its full 458 pages . All this was done without one wasted word or one moment when my interest lapsed . The book is pure fiction in every sense of the word . Right from the beginning I knew that things could n't have happened the way they did . But I was so enchanted with the author 's use of poetic imagery and storytelling ability , that I found it hard to put the book down . And when I did , the images lingered , forcing me to think about them well beyond the scope of the story.This is the tale of the rise and fall of a mythical town somewhere in South America founded by the Jose Arcadio Buendia family . It follows the town and its people for 100 years and I was glad there was a family tree printed at the front of the book because many of the characters had the same , or similar names . We meet gypsies and soldiers and circus performers . We see a beautiful woman disappear into the sky . We see blood from a suicide travel miles down a street . We see copulation both within and outside of marriage . We meet a woman who chooses a lifetime of virginity . We see hard work and self-indulgence . There 's a rainstorm that lasts four years . And an illness that keeps people awake for months . There 's the impact of the railroad and a banana plantation . There is a war that rages for years and years . There is death by firing squad or senility . Some of the people live as long as 120 years or more . There 's a lot of sadness . And the conclusion is brutal . Yet , so much of it the book is so comic that I laughed out loud at times . Always , however , there is the central theme of solitude . Every character , in one way or another , lives in his or her own isolation . And , believe it or not , it all seems real.I loved this book . It was a delicious refuge to take me out of my ordinary world and let me experience this mini-masterpiece . Highly recommended .
 This book was a bit of a slow start for me , but once it got ahold , it would n't let go ; I could n't wait to come upon the next marvelous insight or memorable phrase like `` he had peeped into the abyss of greatness '' or `` children inherit their parents ' madnesses . '' There were no characters quite up there in the first tier of fictional acquaintances in my memory -LRB- hence four stars instead of five -RRB- , but I left this book with reinvigorated faith in the ability of literature to transcend geography and time , the good judgment of the Nobel literary committee , and the conviction that the best fiction can teach us more than life itself .
 It is simply breath-taking . Hunker down for the long haul . This is not an easy read , but it is magical . It is everything that we still wish existed in our cold , scientific , rational world and everything we are thankful does not . Beautifully written , it is a lesson for our times that all civilizations must have an end and that even the most technologically advanced and , dare I say , civil can only be repetitions of what has already been . We , as the citizens of Macondo , simply do not recognize it through the passing of years . It is a hard and yet stunning look at the reality of humanity .
 Where to start ? Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a genius . This is absolutely the finest novel I have EVER read . I keep rereading it because I like it so much . It must be known that I am usually an objective , discerning reader . I do n't call many books `` great , '' but in this case I have no proper words for the quality of this novel . Thank you , Mr. Marquez , for giving us such a beautiful piece of literature !
 I just love this author . Ihave read everything he has written , in english at least , and this and ` Of love and other demons ' has got to be my all-time favorite books anywhere . do read it , it hooks you right form the start and never lets go . i realy laughted out loud and cried horribley throughout the course of this book . i just have no words to express how wonderful this book really is , you 'll just have to read it yourself .
 I actually bought this book in an airport several years ago without even knowing what it was . -LRB- All I 'd heard was the title and that it was worth reading -RRB- . I did n't put it down until I was finished . It is such an imaginative book and so beautifully written . -LRB- Rabassa does a fabulous job of translating -RRB- . I really recommend that you read it in the original Spanish , but if you do n't understand it , this is almost as good .
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez weaves a story of a hundred years of love , lust , tumult and downfall in this chronicle of the rise and fall of the Buendia family and the settlement of Macondo . His lyrical prose makes family curses , fortune-tellers , magic carpets and levitation as real and alive as civil wars , passionate and reckless men and women , and banana company plantations . Foolhardy and powerful men , their wives , and mistresses match the tempestousness of the times as they contribute to the fated doom of the family . Marquez creates an atmosphere of languid fatality where old men and women do and undo their chores in an unending spiral till death relives them from their solitude.The translation by Gregory Rabassa preserves the musical qualities of the original langugage.Certainly among the finest novels of the 20th Century .
 Appearing in 1967 , ` One Hundred Years of Solitude ' created an uprecedented stir in the world of literature , and opened the gateway for a host of Marquez ' South American contemporaries to show their remarkable talents to the world . ` One Hundred Years of Solitude ' concerns the history of the town of Macondo , a town which is essentially a reflection of our world whilst not quite being a part of it , from inception to destruction . Parallel to this is the colourful and bizarre story of its founding and chief family the Buendias . The novel is filled with particularly peculiar literary techniques . Marquez introduces the concept of ` Magical Realism ' , a feature of Latin American writing and culture , into this novel especially , and into all of his novels to some extent . ` Magical Realism ' concerns seemingly incredible and fantastical events being described as if they were a perfectly normal everyday occurrence . Marquez wished to write a novel as his own Grandmother would have told a story-hence magical and inherently impossible events are recounted with unshakeable faith . Yet these events are often reflections of reality
 I had heard from many people whose opinions I respected that this was a great book . I had high expectations and many of them , though not all , were met.Its use of magical realism is engaging as the reader follows the lives , loves and tragedies of the Buendia family over what seems to be the entire course of human history . The book covered a tremendous emotional range as well
 I was given this book by a close friend many years ago . `` Read this , it 's my favorite book , '' he said . He explained that it was given to him with the same words by someone else . It was the most wonderful gift I have ever been given . I was completely blown away . Since that day , I have bought many copies , and given many away with those same words
 Why write a review if there are already so many ? Perhaps one more will tip you over the edge , and you will buy the bookThis fantastical tale is based around the life of the Buendia family and the village that they founded , Macondo . While epic in its scale -LRB- one hundred years -RRB- it does not read like an epic . Rather , it is like listening to an old relative recount past ancestors , with a decidedly magical-realism spin . This book is beautifully written -LRB- and translated , by Gregory Rabassa -RRB- with some of the most evocative and lyrical prose you are likely to come across . Yet it is still a very sturdy story - while you could read it for the craftsmanship of the words alone , you would miss a very good tale . Marquez has the interesting technique of referring to events in his stories before they happen , so you joyfully look out for events coming up.A word of warning - make sure that the edition that you buy/borrow/steal has a copy of the family tree in the beginning - with so many characters having the same name , and the branches of the family being so entwined , you will find yourself referring to it time and again . And do n't be put off by the number of pages - even though it has over 400 , it never bogs down . Once you have read this wonderful tale of a village and family gone full circle , from a beginning to an end , you will realise why it was awarded the Nobel Prize . Treat yourself .
 This is one of the few stories I 've read that always give a fresh jolt for every reread , in fact its hypnotic beauty has found me reading it for the third time now . One Hundred Years of Solitude teems with allegory and renders a reader to a full state of brooding and perspicacity . From the concept of the revolution and its paradox , to the ineffable alchemy ; across the detailed and odd sounds of sex and death , promiscuity , incest , love and wild love , this amazing tale will surely dissolve you like a trance.The story 's beginning is distinct and its end penetrating but what rich plots and -LRB- sometimes larger than life -RRB- characters span them in between . The comic and the tragic intertwine gracefully , while some few hints of ancient science are amusing . While this story constantly talks about a man 's or a woman 's solitude because of a pursuit or obsession or perhaps because of a forgotten past or one 's inability to deal with reality , or just plainly a secret to an old age -LRB- time plays a significant role -RRB- , it also expresses man 's hope of raising virtue and integrity again in spite of dissolution and madness . It depicts social realities -LRB- most outrageously -RRB- and seeks contemplation on the nature of our being.Whatever description this novel has gained , being marked as Magical Realism , Postcolonialism , Historical Narration or whatever , I would rather call it a pure expression of of life .
 Be warned
 There has been so much written about this book . I 've read it twice and it amazed me the second time more than the first . It is magical and marvelous , you wo n't believe what you are reading so you must go with the flow or the oncoming rain in this case . Sometimes it 's best to suspend one 's disbelief and skepticism and move where the maestro -LRB- Garcia-Marquez -RRB- takes you . To say anything more is pointless . Please stop staring at the computer and order this book ! And enjoy !
 Forget about the complexity of the story . This book is not meant to be a nice story with a happy ending.Enjoy reading it . Enjoy how little details are connected . Enjoy how feelings are described . Enjoy how destiny can not be fooled -LRB- and if it is , the consequences of it -RRB- . After reading it , 6 months after , one year after , open it again . Do not worry , open it in the middle , without the rush of not knowing the end , and enjoy the story . Get caught by the feeling that every sentence was thoroughly thought and written.Discover how Jose Arcadio Buend&iacute;a realized that time was not going forward or how Ursula Iguar&aacute;n learned that time was going in circles ... who was right ?? Only then the book will open its magic to you . Start dreaming !
 From the first to the last line , 100 Years of Solitude is utterly incredible . One of the few novels with the power to actually transcend the act of reading words from paper , it will lift you to a place you never knew existed . Curious onlookers will wonder at your zombified , open-mouthed state as you shout in your head
 One has to be in the proper frame of mind to read this . Hence , after several `` false starts '' -LRB- caused by the extraordinarily long sentences , convoluted paragraphs and compounded with severe irritation that the names the characters are identical -RRB- , I finally started reading this book properly four days ago and could not put it down until last night.And what a great experience this book is . With unforgettable characters , set against a setting fertile with imagination . The richness of the plot entices and weaves the reader into a rich , magical world , and the reader 's definition of reality is temporarily suspended in the pages of this masterpiece.I would not recommend this book to everyone , only to those who can appreciate and recognise truly great literature , and those with the patience and forebearance to succumb to the unlikely , passionate , warped , tragic , amusing and wonderful world conjured by Marquez .
 I have less than 50 pages to finish this book and I can only say it was simply gorgeous . I have heard about Marquez before , but somehow I was never able to lay my hands on one of his books until now . Indeed he deserved his Nobel Prize , he was awarded 25 years ago . I will definitely read a few more books by Marquez .
 I have read this book both in english and spanish . It 's not that hard to read -LRB- if you can handle with Tolkien 's world , you will not have any problem with this -RRB- . Maybe a lot of north american readers have no idea of what `` realismo m&aacute;gico '' -LRB- magical realism -RRB- is . This is a genre that became very popular in South America and Mexico on the fifties . In it , writers mix the political , social and economic reality of their countries with fiction trying to deliver a much more complex explanation of reality.This book tells the story of a little village called Macondo and a family that has been living there since its foundation . You have many humorous situations and references to colombian history and you better pay attention to the book because it has dozens of characters , some of them of similar names -LRB- remember that we are reading about a family -RRB- . As I said before , you will find some impossible situations like a girl going away thru the sky . If Crounching Tiger , Hidden Dragon were a book , it will be like this . You know that some things are impossible to happen in the real world , but if you think on terms of the logic of this fictional world you will enjoy a story about universal topics like love , revenge , hate , etc.Again , if you were part of the people who did n't like Crounching Tiger , Hidden Dragon because `` people ca n't fly in the real world '' then you 'd better stay away from this book . On the contrary , if you do n't mind reading about fictional people in a fictional world , maybe this book is for you . Give it a try , there 's nothing to lose and a great writer to discover.By the way , if you happen to like this book , then Vivir para Contarla is a must read . You will find many facts from Gabo 's actual life that were translated into this book . That will help you understand what magical realism is about .
 `` One Hundred Years Of Solitude '' can be a daunting book . At almost 500 pages , the book covers six generations of the Buend&iacute;a family -- a fact which is even more daunting when you consider that Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez uses the repetition of names within the family as a thematic device . The events of the book all have a mystical overtone , and magic and reality frequently collide.Once you begin to read `` One Hundred Years of Solitude , '' those facts which make the book at first seem daunting actually give the book its attraction . The grandiose scale of the story of one family and the apparently uncertain and magical reality in which they live make the book seem like a fairy tale told over a campfire , whose origins have long been forgotten . Even though Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez has a very distinctive style of writing , he falls far into the background in `` One Hundred Years of Solitude ; '' it is as though the story is telling itself.The book follows the Buendia family from their founding of the village of Macondo until the last days of both the family and the village . Time -- as with everything else -- is not straightforward , however ; past , present , and future all seem to mix , confusing the reality of the setting . Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez further confuses this by including information and stories which are too fantastical to be believed alongside a seemingly realistic and straightforward narrative , and refusing to distinguish between the two . The result of these devices is not to undermine the reality of this world , but to actually give this world the sense of ultimate reality and our own world the sense of fiction . `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' is my favorite book , and one of the very few that intrigues and beguiles me more after every reread . It is not an easy book to start , but within a few pages , you will be drawn in Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez 's world and will not want to leave .
 But dont let that stop you from reading this book . This is the a must read for everyone . As I finished the last page of this book , I flipped it over and started it again . Mr. Marquez takes literature to a new level . This book is seriously clowning on a lot of other recommended and required books throughout history . To not read this book , is to not ever truly experience a great story . Whatever sad excuse for a book you are reading put it down and pick this up . You will never forgive yourself if you dont .
 My decision to read this book was based on its `` Nobel Prize '' winning status and a desire to expand my knowledge of world literature . I was not disappointed . The fluid writing style of the author seems a bit tricky at first , but as the story unfolds , one recognizes a natural cadence and rhythm which is like the flow of a river through time . Perhaps , the translation from Spanish into English omits some of the cultural milieu , however , the more one reads the more admiration one has for the writing skill and creativity of the author . This story is a fascinating account of the Buendia family who helped found the town of Macondo , somewhere out in the jungle of South America . This family dynasty includes the founding patriarch Jose Arcadio Buendia and thematriarch , Ursula , as well as more modern adventurers , revolutionaries , rebels , and eccentrics both male and female , who express their physical and spiritual natures as they build complex lives and produce the future generations . The family rises to a position of prominence in the region , each generation is tied to the previous one through legends and stories , making the ancestors seem mythical and magical . The extraordinairy cast of characters also includes vagabond gypies who come from the other side of the ocean , describing another world , even Macedonia is mentioned . They bear gifts , such as magnets , and one charismatic figure , Melquiades , carries with him experimental chemicals and alchemy books . He gives demonstrations of his talents . He captures the imagination of Jose Arcadio Buendia , the family patriarch who becomes an amature scientist . In an unusual creative twist , the book of secrets also becomes a book of knowledge , a book foretelling the future . In a symbolic manner it provides cohesion to the book . At the end , reading about the author 's life , one learns how he was influenced by his grandmother who was a master storyteller . She wove fact , fiction and superstition into a magical mythical realm that felt very real to the author when he was a child . This story telling spirit became the impetus , the driving force to write this historical family chronicle . It is filled with love , humor , sadness , rebellion , naivite , adventure , glory , revolution , entrepenurial success , implusive acts with unexpected consequences and the magnetic appeal of bigger than life characters , both men and women . There is a free verse poetic flow to the writing which is totally captivating and infectious . Most highly recommended reading . Erika Borsos -LRB- erikab93 -RRB-
 ... that Oprah chose this book for her Book Club . Because , you know , that Nobel Prize endorsement is just so overdone . -LRB- Does anyone know if she has reviewed the Bible yet ? the Torah , perhaps ? -RRB- As a fan of ` stream of consciousness ' -LRB- or to quote a fellow poster , `` rambling ' -RRB- , I actually enjoyed GGM 's style . It was a struggle at times , though . But I would recommend it to anyone wanting to expand their streams of consciousness . I suppose if anything positive may be said about the Oprah Book Club , it 's that it at least encourages people to read GGM 's work .
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez takes the reader on a magical carpet ride through stories so intriguing and fantastic that you can not leave the book until it is finished . Marquez proves that imagination of an artist is a more potent healing agent than a journalistic narration of `` facts . '' A tour de force ! If you read only one book this year let it be the 100 Years of Solitude .
 I 'm suprised that it is only now that Oprah found this gem ! After all , One Hundred Years of Solitude is enjoyed by millions for so many years now . Gabriel Garcia Marquez proves that he is Colombia 's best novelist with this masterpiece . His poetic words , complemented with magical realism , will leave the reader enchanted . He will be taken to places he has never been and would wonder whether these places are even real . Reading this classic tale of the Buendia family will leave you amazed especially at the end of the novel where all pieces of the puzzle fit . This is the best book I 've read !
 I have never been a lover of reading but I have read `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' not once but twice because of its depth and angle on humanity . Gabriel Garcia Marquez is pure genius , there is absolutely nothing prosaic about his prose . This book deals with every single human emotion and experience imaginable ranging from murder , incest , prostitution , sex , gluttony , family , friendship , hatred , unrequited love , self-acceptance , death , war , sadness , weaknesses , love and a whole lot more.The way in which each character of the Buendia family is described is magnificent to say the least . Their faults are portrayed in the most unapologetic way , as equal to their strengths . Somehow it seems we ca n't escape fate and although we would want to do what seems moral we always end up simply living . The lessons are profound not simply because the characters suffer from many a self-inflicted wound , but rather because we can relate to each and every one of them . Regardless of age , race or station in life everyone can see themselves in at least one of these characters . As the name suggests , the underlying current is one of the emptiness of the human spirit and the ease with which man can become at war with himself . This book has had a tremendous impact on the way I look at the world and human nature - it does n't cut to the core , it punctures it . The sentences are the longest imaginable but somehow you wo n't find yourself out of breath by the time you get to the full stop . Put simply , I would like to get my hands on every single Marquez novel !
 Wonderful work , one of the rare works in 20th century literature ... I learned that the author was greatly influence by the stories and tales he heard from his Colombian grandmother ... and the fictional village Macondo ... the fascinating world of Marquez 's Magical Realism is a book that can be read over and over again !
 I wish I were more proficient in Spanish so as to be able to read this novel as GGM put it to paper . I ca n't even begin to compare the prose , the images invoked , to any other writer I 've been exposed to ; they just do n't compare to Marquez . I 'm reading it for the 4th or 5th time and ca n't put it down . The words just seamlessly fall into place in snyc with my thoughts and imagination . That part of this novel is a wonderous experience . As to the content , the Buendias are a family I 've become familiar with and increasingly revolted by . Behind all of Marquez 's dense fog of magical prose is the sick reality of this family . I understand the intent , but did n't really pay it any attention until the 2nd reading or so . It 's animalistic , barbaric , incestuous , and callous ; it 's a fairly tale on heroin . If you enjoy the style and prose this will be one of your favorite books , but you 'll only know if it clicks with you if you give it a try .
 And fascinating illusions do n't let me go . I loved the book to the bone , to the heart of this exotic village and its psycho people . I was mesmerized by the literature and captured by this uniquely masterpiece of fiction and fact , mixed in a bowl of madness .
 It 's so disappointing , not to mention depressing , to read the negative reviews of this book on line here . We are speaking of one of the dozen finest books of the twentieth century . The failure is not the book 's . I encourage all of you to try again -- let the book lift you .
 All I can think when I read this book is the human comedy -LRB- tragedy -RRB- that we are trying to play . The comedy of life , of our solitude that has its roots deeply inside our souls . This book is a mirror of the human soul and of our society . The image reflected is tragic , is the image of souls that fight to survive in this mix of love , hate , ignorance , geniality and pain that is commonly known as LIFE . Marquez is great and this book is the reason why Marquez is great . READ IT .
 Having to read this for my 10th rgade english class was the best decision i ever made.This family shows true emotion and character.From the cock fight to the execution of the General . this book keeps you on the edge . Do n't expect anything normal .
 The first time I finished this book , I tried to tell all my friends and family members about the story , but could not find the words . I am so glad my fellow readers have the same difficulty in describing this wonderous tale!The second time I finished this book , I was no closer to having a description than before ... and so it goes into the 4th , 5th , and even 10th reading.However , you would have to look long and hard to find more beautiful fiction . Trust me on this one ... read it and enjoy a once-in-a - lifetime experience ... you will be glad you did !
 The literary vehicles , magical realism and biblical allusion actively fuel this opus . This book is a debatably fictitious freeze-frame of the unrecognized Colombian lowlands people 's previously oral history . What you may consider magical may well be considered reality by the people you are reading about - do n't belittle it as a quixotic author 's imagination . Circular timeline and Spanish names consistently flummox English readers . You can not read a few pages and put it down , though - trust me - Plow ahead - after 100 pps . it will begin to clear up . Note the tenses of the first line - time is not linear in this rainforest - reader beware . It has been written that this one line contains the entire book . Also , the parallels to Genesis are widely established - So , is this the book of Genesis for an unsung people ? You tell me ...
 Have you ever wonder of the real face of a country behind the nasty and violent news ? Colombia is not just a place were drugs grow and violence is common place . Colombia is also a magical place where the natural beauty surpass the routine . One hundred Years of Solitude is a passage to the magical world of Colombia . It is not just a best seller , it is a must for anyone interested in the other face or I must say in the real face of life . Sandra Montenegro , a Colombiana
 I enjoyed reading the other reviews written about this book because it made me realize that many other people have been as deeply moved as myself . I never realized that the written word could be so expressive . I was in my first year of law school , right in the middle of exams , when I finished reading the book around 2:00 a.m. . I immediately started reading it again . I have read it since then , and plan to reread it on a regular basis . Many times I have walked into a bookstore and read the last page , and everytime I get chills up my spine .
 100 years of soliltude is touching in a way that few things in the world ever are . It is almost uniquely insightful , and makes you wish that the real world was so poetic and melancholy . I have been told that it spawned a genre called ` magical realism ' in which a realist text is troubled by supernatural occurance . In a similar way this novel will trouble and change the way you see your world . Few writers ever manage this feat , in this half of the century Gabriel Garcia Marquez has only Milan Kundera and V.S.Naipaul for company .
 `` My Dear Friend , I shall try to express to you the joy and release that I have experienced through your thoughtful gift of `` 100 Years of Solitude '' . It has more firmly cemented my belief that the right things find their way to you at the right time.As I read the last words on page 81 of this beautiful book , I broke into a fit of joyous laughter and saddest tears such as I have never experienced in my life ! As if all of the pain and joys of living up to this moment had found release.I can find no proper words to describe what I feel , except to say that I feel strangely at peace ; with a sense of hope and love for this life that is ours . No matter that all that we work and strive for in life may end in being `` tied to a chestnut tree with a shelter of palm fronds '' . I am reminded that it is the very struggle that makes life worth living and beautiful . I am left with a sense of indefinable courage to go on . I love this life ! What a wonderful adventure it is , and how lucky I am to have all that I do . When it comes down to what is important , I shall die happy knowing that my life is filled , and made worthwhile , by the gifts of love and friendship of many wonderful souls.Thank you for your gift my friend . `` These words were written spontaneously upon finishing the first part of the book . That was over 3 years ago . Although I have not yet reread it , the ghost of this fantastic work has never left me . I would have liked it to end differently , but the magical power was not in my control . Truly one of the most compelling and glorious works I have ever read .
 This is one of those books that you can read as many times as you wish . The story is told in a poetic way , and it makes the reader 's mind to float somewhere between reality and dream , and you wonder if this is a fairy tale or just a fiction . Anyway , I think this is Garcia 's best work ever .
 100 years of solitude broke ground in Latin Amercian literature , by taking it out of its regional dimension into international recognition . Garcia Marquez masterfully told tale of the birth and death of a family revealed to the world the quality of Latin American writers , and consolidated the genre of magical realism . It is an essential book to anyone who wants to look at Latin American literature . At least I have read it about 15 times and find funnier and sadder every time
 I am so happy I can now afford a hardback version of this classic of world literature . I first read this book in high school - thank goodness for open-minded , world-view teachers . And every reading brings new insights.Rabassa is a fabulous translator . In the original Spanish , this is totally hypnotic , and that dreamy state is crafted lovingly in the translation .
 Marquez is the most important living writer in any language . This book is a classic and will still be considered one in another hundred years . It may not be palatable to the suburbian children of the Politically correct era , but it reflects a different time and a reality that exists even today in Latin America . Often imitaded -LRB- Isabel Allende -RRB- but never equaled Garcia Marquez soars with Borges , Cortazar , Fuentes , Vargas Llosa , and many other Latin American writers to create the best literature of this century , only comparable to the Russian writers of the nineteen century .
 I always know that when I set out to read a novel by Gabriel Garcia Marquez I am asking for it ! Marquez 's writing style and characters are like none else I have ever encountered . I was initiated through Love in the Time of Cholera some years ago and found I was still recovering from it before I chose to read One Hundred Years of Solitude . Marquez I believe , is one of my favorite storytellers yet ! In One Hundred Years of Solitude Marquez captures time with ease . He tells a story that begins somewhere around where Genisis left as I understand it and spans the cenuries to the life of today as if it where as easy as flying a kite over a field of flowers . It does not take long before you as the reader feel like one of the Buendia family and are as exited as they when the gypsies come to twn or are as curious as to where Colonel Aurleiano 's troop is as Ursula , and you only wish you really were there so that you could see the faces of all the Aurleianos 's , Arcadio 's , ans Remedios 's to be sure of who is who . The characters can be very confusing . I really enjoyed this book it was like ecaping to another world , another time each time I picked it up , and that to me is my favorite part of reading .
 `` One hundred years of solitude '' is incredible for many reasons , including its cyclical portrayal of the Buendia family . The family is being torn by the desire for solitude , as the Colonel becomes very aware of , and the need for love . Many characters repeat history , doing what theyre ancestors have done . This is a splendid book that was and easy read , but had alot of messages underneath the explicit .
 This book made me fall in love with reading again . It is by far the most enjoyable and life altering work of art I have encountered . Deeply rooted in South American culture and history , it gives the reader insight into a mystical and somewhat magical history . It 's a true masterpiece , a modern clasic . READ THIS BOOK NOW ... and thank me later !!!!
 Garcia Marquez 's writing makes the reader savor every sentence . It is poetry more than prose . This book does not tell a story as much as it conveys the feelings and emotions that make us human . Its `` magical realism '' seems to leap out of the page and take the reader to the land of Macondo , but anything I write here is inadequate to describe this piece of work , such a task is an impossibility .
 I was surprised at how little was lost in the translation of this book . Garcia writes this novel as if it were poetry , he has a wonderful use of language that seems to braid mystical as well as humurous aspects into his writing . This is a novel that I wo n't forget and recommend readily .
 Even though this became one of the best classics in modern literature , it 's not really `` classical '' or dated at all . If you like mystery , you will like it . If you like Sci-Fi , you will like it . If you like psychological novels , you will like it . If you like picturesque novels , you will like it . Anyway , you will difinitely like it !!!
 This is a book written by a real master , Gabriel Garcia Marquez has made a very special book that captures your heart , mind and feelings . You will keep thinking of it through out your lifetime .
 One Hundred Years of Solitude is , essentially , the most important work of one of the 20th century 's supreme masters of the written word . And it 's also an incredible read . Garcia Marquez has somehow managed to balance an absolute clarity of symbolic thought with a kind of earthy pragmatism , the like of which I have not yet found . There 's none of that stylish European existential angst in here ; the kind which appears in , for example , Waiting for Godot -LRB- another work I adore , at least on an intellectual level -RRB- . In this I think there 's an important message to be found
 I loved this book . I highly recommend for every one to read it .
 This book is an echelon or two ahead of the stuff put out by second-rate authors with literary pretensions like Toni Morrison and Norman Mailer , but it might be a bit overrated too . As a reader , you 'll be edified , and it certainly is n't a waste of time . Marquez is quite talented , and the plot , though plodding and cyclical , will hold one 's attention . It may be remembered in the future , but if so , most likely as a footnote .
 read it and you will know why !
 Its been a while since I read this book , but I thought it was excellent . It was part of a modern literature course I took at my high school , and it was my favourite book out of the whole semester.One Hundred Years Of Solitude really opened some doors for me . World literature and more importantly , Magic Realism called to me . As a literary work , it is important because it marks the beginning of Magic Realism as a genra.The plot is increible and my friends and I have spent countless hours discussing what , exactly , the point of this novel is . This only goes to show that it is intellegent.I would recomend this novel to anyone . It 's well worth you time and I can hardly wait to read it again .
 A wonderful read . Marquez ' prose is amazing , poetic !
 I read this book during one of my sophomore literature courses -LRB- course selection -RRB- and I was kind of blown away . It 's the type of book that you pick up and really ca n't put back down without being mysteriously drawn back to it . Within the bounds of the book , you get sucked into wondering how in the world the Buend&iacute;a family became so -LSB- messed -RSB- up and end up marvelling at the `` progress '' of their town . I did n't give it five stars because I thought that it became kind of murky towards the end , kind of hard to follow . Be warned though , this is a pretty dark book , and if you 're one to desire that resolution occur for the sake of having an ending , then do n't read this - it might make you angry . If you do n't mind a bit of random humor and can breeze past the bit of vulgarity that 's in the book , then press on . It 's a great read , especially on a rainy day when tornadoes are on the prowl .
 One Hundred Years of Solitude is the Latin American classic which introduced the concept of magical realism , fantastic occurrences told in simple , unexcited prose , as if they were perfectly natural , to the literary world . Can this style keep a reader enchanted for almost 450 pages ? No and there are were times when I found myself skimming over details just to get to the next part . Still , Marquez 's breakthrough novel is well worth reading . The book captures roughly one hundred years , from the time when , `` the world so recent that many things lacked names '' to the age of the first automobiles and movie theaters , in the lives of the Buendia family in the mythic village of Macondo . The six generations of Buendias , whose lives are told in the book with a unique poetic motif for each character , are trapped in an endless maze of death , war , love and search for meaning while the kind of magic , which caused a rain of rose petals to fall during the funeral march of Macondo founder , Jose Arcadio Buendia , gently slips from their world .
 ... . and I read it everytime I ca n't find anything else that interests me.It took me four tries to get through it the first time , stick with it . If you ca n't get it the first time put it down and come back to it in year or two .15 years and numerous re-reads later the end still sends me reeling .
 Certainly a great novel . This story is about various generations of a family . A book once you start reading one can not put it now . Be warned it is a large boo , so start reading it only when you have loads of time .
 This is the book I have to read at least once a year once in Spanish , the next one in English -LRB- the translation is close to perfect , or as GGM generously says , better than the original -RRB- . If one ever needed to confirm the relationship between force and violence , love and lust , family and acquaintances , this is the book once has to cherish ... In the background there is the violence that even today affects Colombia , with the parties still called by the same names and characterized by the same non-ideology . The violence is perfectly described in its horror , in its non - cause , in its lack of purpose . It is as it existed in Bolivar 's times and as causeless , goal - less but as pervasive as Bolivar described it and lost hope on it . As Bolivar predicted it , the USA is very much in the horizon , as represented by the United Fruit banana plantations and its zero-tolerance for workers unions . Family life with its strengths and excesses is presented here as nowhere else . The beauty of the human being in its nakedness , the difference between cuteness and attractiveness in women , the enormous ability of women to carry life , and men , in their shoulders , is shown here like nowhere else . It easily explains the Nobel Prize of the author , his being such a great prophet in the world more than in his own land , his being consistently denied a visa to the USA , and the almost addiction of the New York Times Book Review to this author and his books . I have not seen any other author from Latin-America , or the Americas for that matter , reviewed so many times and with such deserved enthusiasm as the Colombian , Gabriel Garcia Marquez .
 This book seems to move beyond so many other books not only in its message , but also in the beauty of description . The intricacy and almost surrealism of the plot draws the reader in so intently its exhilarating . Also , the tone is calming as you learn of the Buendia family and their history . You will come away from this book with a sharper eye for the magical aspects of everyday life , as well as a few hours of absolute escape and bliss . Read it . You 're not likely to regret it !
 I read this book many many years ago when I was 14 . I did not read it in English or Spanish . At the time I did n't know either one . I read it in Persian , but that did not diminish the effect it had on me at all . I guess the translation must have been good . I must have read the book some 12 times over the period of that year . And still , every once in while as I am driving my car , a passage from the book comes to my mind and takes me back to the magic that it was . I do not want to read this book again . I do n't think that after getting accustomed to the reality of life around me my heart can handle such surge of emotions as it did then . If you have n't read it though , and you are able to pull yourself back to reality after finishing the book , I strongly recommend it .
 Not quite a 4 star , but not a 3 . The book was very good but the story is longwinded in places . The saving grace of the book was the last chapter and all which Meliquades predicted soming true once reflected upon .
 I just finished reading this book , and like most fresh reads it is staying on my mind . The writing from the first chapter is so fanciful and descriptive it compares to no other . I loved and hated this book at the same time . It is dark , it is about family and war and infidelity and love . It does n't mention the word solitude until you 're about half way through - and when Marquez does mention it , he keeps mentioning it and it seems to be the obvious title for the book . It is almost like when he first says it , you experience his `` Ah , ha '' moment . Being a happy go lucky person myself , I found myself rooting for happiness , and there is happiness . It is a good read . It comes full circle . Enjoy
 To be honest , this is the best book I 've ever read . Like `` The Lord of the Rings '' , it houses a whole world within itself . It is a bit like `` realistic '' fantasy , or true sci-fi . It 's also like the best wine , if you come to love it , you 'll never understand how so many people prefer CocaCola.When I first read it , in spanish , I could n't help having it in my pocket , just to re-read it , for over one month after I had finished it . The music and the rhythm of the prose is untranslatable into english , but the fable and the feeling , that brand new world , is truly unique.Try it , if you can enjoy something different .
 I have read this book in Spanish and English . I read the english version out of curiosity and I found out that sometimes it is difficult to keep the original context of a book when it is translated from its original language -LRB- Spanish -RRB- . Spanish is such a rich language that sometimes it is very difficult to translate the words with the same feeling , and I know about that been bilingual and spanish been my first language . This book is pure magic realism and sometimes the magic , for me , was lost in translation . Anyway I know it is a difficult reading doesnt matter in which language , but let me tell you it is all worth at the end . If you let go and get into the story not trying to think or make sanse of everything but just follow the rhythm of the words you will find yourself in Macondo and will enjoy it till the end . This book is a piece of art .
 Although I liked some aspects of One Hundred Years of Solitude , I do have some bones to pick with it . For one , I do n't like the way Marquez tells the story . It is not in chronological order . To be honest this is n't my favorite way of telling a story but that is n't the worst part . What really bugs me about it is the fact that he spoils his future events . Not by foreshadowing but by blatantly telling you what will happen later in the story.Another problem is his sentence structure . Some of them were quite long . I like highly expressive writing styles and complicated sentences , but Marquez does it all wrong . There was one particular one that started more than half way up page 348 and ended at almost the bottom of page 350 . Now call me cynical , but that sentence was pretty much a short story in itself . Needless to say I did n't like his sentence structure . -LRB- I highly doubt that this extremely long sentence was made with the translation since Marquez complimented Rabassa on his work and even said he preferred the English version of his novel . -RRB- I must say I did enjoy the actual story and the message that Marquez was giving . He was very symbolic and I liked that part of the novel.In all I think that One Hundred Years of Solitude was good but not the best . If you 're curious about my favorite novel , here it is
 I read this book ages ago , and since I can remember it 's been considered a masterpiece worldwide . It seems like in some places a celebrity 's blessing is needed to get the attention of those who instead of reading good literature are connected to the television watching crappy stuff . Well , if you fit the glove , then do n't even bother leaving a review , carry on watching your stuff and leave the reviews for the ones who really enjoy good literature .
 This one at times I had to struggle through , but in the end the whole thing came together wonderfully like separate ingredients that make up a delicious pie . It was , however , depressing . I had to go and pick up my copy of `` The Little Guide To Happiness '' and read that over . LOL . Regardless , this one is well written .
 Magic realism plus rich , beautiful latin culture combines to make a beautiful novel of a town 's history . So many wonderfully impossible things happen that this was just a treat to read , even during the heart wrenching moments . I think it 's one of the riskier books for Oprah 's club , but I ca n't wait to see what people say . Splendid !
 The book is indeed a masterpiece and the story is good , but it can be monotonous at times . There 's too much sex in the book for my taste -LRB- nearly every 20 pages ! -RRB- , and the author presents an overly pessimistic view of humanity , as most of the characters are driven by sex , food , and egocentrism . It was an interesting read , but I would n't read it again .
 Our bookclub read this book after Oprah announced it . It is a wonderful masterpiece and the author has a great gift for storytelling . I was so caught up in the setting and the vivid characters and their plights and perils . There are 100 reasons to read this story . Take your pick . ...
 I am an avid book reader , but I have never read anything like this book . It is definitely different . Reviews on Oprah 's book club site stated how many people cried at the end . I did n't -- I did n't really like any of the characters . I do not know if it was because of a cultural difference or what . Basically I think it was because I could not get over the way Marquez writes about women ... and the incest . Let 's just say I was totally amazed to find out the author was actually married . However , it is a real experience to read and discuss this book with just about anyone . And the ending is superb -- one of the best I 've ever read .
 the story is wonderful in its content and story telling methodit simply flows from future to past and comes back to present and so onsince each character in the story has thier own story and plot , i was wondering what happened to Colonail Orilano 's son , who he had from Traiza . . the only thing i knew that he went to the war later on i felt that he disappeared from the story
 I had to read this book for my AP Spanish Literature class -- fortunately our teacher was kind enough to let us read it in English . Sure , that sounds like a cop-out but you all know how hard it was to read in English , and trust me ... it 's MUCH harder to read in Spanish if you 're a native English speaker . But I am making it my goal this summer to go back through and read the entire thing in Spanish and I still love it as much as I did the first time . It gives me headaches to try and read it , but I know that it 's totally worth it .
 I read a lot of books and I read them quickly ... classics , NY Times best sellers , etc. . But this book pretty much stopped me in my tracks . It took an unprecidented MONTH to read and understand this book . I was constantly rereading pages because the characters are so numerous and their names so similiar that I could not keep track of them . I nearly quit reading the book a few times . Magical realism is definately an acquired taste which is why I had to read it twice before I decided I liked it . And I liked it A LOT ! Definately read it once , everyone should . Then go ahead and read it again because it really takes two readings to figure out the many different plots and characters . I promise its worth it!Now I 'm going to go and start reading Love in the Time of Cholera .
 I am not what you can call the quintessential Classics aficionado , a couple of the books of that ilk I ventured into having bored me to death with their dreary dull plots , where 200 pages into the book you are still awaiting the drama to begin , and not having a clue of why on earth the man -LRB- or woman -RRB- in question does the things he is doing . Mostly the books I have enjoyed reading are the ones which had characters one could classify as human , earthy and realistic , the drama arising from the extraordinary situations they find themselves in . As such , the blurb on `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' -LRB- OHYS -RRB- should have ensured a quick rebuff on my part , what with its mythical town of Macondo , and a profusion of complex characters bearing confounding names living -LRB- and dying -RRB- in most surreal situations . OHYS is all that I have laboriously stayed away from - Gypsies and flying carpets , ghosts walking in and out at their own random free will , a torrential downpour which lasts more than 4 years , men and women locking themselves up for years together into the confines of their rooms - just to mention a few among the plethora of -LSB- ... -RSB- things Marquez throws at you in wonderland Macondo . But once you sift through these seemingly inane and outlandish curios , what reveals is an intricate story of raw humans . OHYS lives up to its reputation of `` fecund , savage , irresistible ... characters rear up large and rippling with life . . '' I do n't yet make a claim to have discerned the more profound matters dwelled upon by the author , sufficient justice having been done to these by significantly more qualified people , but what I read is something I enjoyed tremendously . If not for anything else , this book is recommended just for Marquez 's irreverent and comical treatment of all that we hold as fundamentals of life itself .
 This is without a doubt one of the top 20th century novels , and as such , very much has been written about it.Some clasify it as an epic , while others try and find all the symbolism and deep meaning behind the story of Macondo and the Buend&iacute;a family.Let me just say that more than a great novelist , Garc&iacute;a Marquez is a great observer . As a colombian , I can honestly say that the events depicted in this well written novel are not as far away from our reality as might seem at first . Things like the ones descibed here do happen in small `` conte & ntilde ; o '' -LRB- from the coast -RRB- towns throughout Latinamerica in general.I am sure that for quite some time Gabo had a laugh at the expense of all who searched for the real and inner meaning of Cien A & ntilde ; os de Soledad , and who wrote innumerable pages full of interpretations.This book is simply the story of a town as told by a grandmother to her grandson.You either love this book or you hate it , and if you hate it , it 's because your world is too small and simple and you do not have the imagination it takes to understand this as an account of my `` bananero '' country 's reality.Do not miss this book .
 During the summer of 1986 I visited DisneyWorld with my parents and , by a strange conicidence , ran across one of my father 's very good friends from Puerto Rico . At that instant , I was carrying a book recommended by a friend of mine
 I took this book up twice before I could go through with it . First time I got confused by the character names . Second time I could n't really understand the plot at all , because it was so strange and fantastical and dropped it 100 pp in . The third time I could not put it down . I think you need to have a strange sort of patience and level of acceptance for things that ca n't be easily categorized or named . Strange things happen in this town and to this family . Yet , in all the strangeness you can see real history , sad as it is.This book is one of very few that changed my life , my view of people , families , life . I think you need to be ready for this book in some way or another and be accepting . I saw a few people complaining that the book is immoral because it depicts incest . How can a book be immoral ? Incest may be immoral but it happens in life and the book does n't promote it in any way .
 `` Most critics do n't understand a novel like One Hundred Years of Solitude is a bit of joke . -- they take on the responsibility of decoding the book and risk making terrible fools of themselves . '' - Gabriel Garcia Marquez . This is far from a difficult book as many here seem to think . All of the similar character names , did not confuse me but rather lent themselves well to the jocular & whimsical fast pace of the book . -LRB- The naming kind of reminded me of an old joke about Sam Frank & Frank Sam . The similar naming is deliberately confusing as the telling of the joke moves at a fast clip so that right at the point you 're starting to say `` what the hell ? '' , you get hit with a punch line that makes you spit your cookies in laughter - if you recall it at all , the punch line was `` I left my harp in Sam Frank 's Disco '' . -RRB- To `` get '' this book , you have to sit back , relax and let it sweep you away . If you can manage that , it moves at a quick pace , is quite amusing and never confusing . Do n't worry that you ca n't keep up with the character names . That 's actually not important like it is in most novels . Though I do n't profess to know the author 's point in writing the book , the point I took away from it is that life is pretty much a crap-shoot and in the end , nothing really matters . So chill out and enjoy the ride as much as possible . This is now my favorite work of fiction , unseating my previous long-held favorite , To Kill a Mockingbird .
 I knew I would hate the book . I ca n't stand magic , fantasy books or huge sprawling books . The short elegant novel is for me . But I thought I 'd just try a few pages . A day later , my work copletely ignored , I emerged exhausted but exilerated . Yet , this is one of the greatest books I 've ever read and I have reread it now several times , always amazed at the power and beauty of the writing .
 I first read this 33 years ago , while in college , and was utterly wowed at the sweep of these stories , all interlinked yet standing on their own . I was studying the classics - and in particular , oral history - so this was doubly fascinating as a streaming narrative of magical realism.Having re-read it for the first time , I was again astonished at the life and complexity on every page
 There has been renewed interest in the work of the Nobel Prize winning Columbian novelist Gabriel Garcia Marquez . The keystone of his work is `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' originally published in 1967 . A reissue edition of the novel published in 2003 by Harper Collins and translated by Gregory Rabassa tells the story of several generations of residents of the fictional town `` Macondo . '' Like the South American macondo tree , the people of the town have roots both in and above the earth . In simple declarative sentences , a style he learned from his mother 's oral histories of her family , Marquez describes every aspect of the lives of the people from birth to death and beyond . Macondo lies in solitude between the mountains and the sea , and the several generations of characters mirror that solitude in their personal understanding of the world . Idiosyncracy and passion are common denominators in the diverse characters who are all full of life but respectful of death . The reader quickly enters the story by learning to abandon the traditional sense of time , space , and social structure . Then Marquez takes the believer on a marvelous conscious and unconscious journey through the human condition .
 By far , out of every great novel and bestseller and `` epic '' I have ever read -LRB- granted I am only 20 -RRB- this is the book I compare all others to . The only other book to come close is Bellefleur , all other books wither and die and blow away compared to this one . Beware - after reading this you will be continuously disappointed with all other books you read . This book deserves a platinum , diamond encrusted shelf of it 's own .
 This novel is one that allows you to reflect on our place in life , and how small we are in this world , yet how big we are in terms of how we can use our lives to impact others . Such an awe inspiring novel that is written with such vivid emotions and warmth , yet leaves you feeling very cold and alone in the end . Extremely moving , and fantastically written . I could not think of a more appropriate title to this novel .
 But then , we expect nothing less from Marquez . I believe One Hundred Years of Solitude is his tour de force . The juxtaposition of humor , astute observation and metaphysics makes this a work that should survive far beyond Marquez and his avid readers . This one 's the best of Marquez . A must read .
 The first time I laid my eyes on the Sistine Chapel , something stirred . It was not a logical , mental analysis of the mastery of the ceiling , but a gut wrenching feeling of smallness and awe . I stayed there for maybe 2 hours before I could gather my wits and walk away . I 've been there again . A few times . Every single time I have n't been able to stop staring at the ceiling until my neck hurts ; however , that sense of awe is diminished.That happened the first time I read `` A hundred years of solitude '' . Since then I 've read it at least 20 times , understanding a bit more with every reading and appreciating the magnitude of Garcia Marquez ' masterpiece . However , nothing in the world compares to reading this book for the first time.I am envious of all the people who have n't read it . It is there for you to discover .
 It is impossible to describe this book in all of its facets , just in a few lines of text . It 's too complex for that , it has too much depth . The magic-realistic style in which the book is written makes it difficult too penetrate to the deepest meanings that the writer put in it . I am sure that I missed much , so much that I want to read it again -LRB- but then in my native tongue Dutch -RRB- , something I normally never do.It is also convenient to have some knowledge of the South American history , which has been woven throughout the whole book . I missed that knowledge , although the book makes a lot clearer about that history . De numerous civil wars have never led to something good , a leaning to power leads to isolation.Despite the lack of background knowledge , the book is definitely an absolute must for those who have the ability to pierce through the magic shell of sometimes absurd supernatural events and penetrate to the core of the story . Enervating was the speed of the story ; from the first page it takes hold of you and drags you along with breathtaking velocity . On every page something happens , never does it become boring for a moment.What fascinated me the most was the deepening of the characters , who are described in a very crystallised , almost caricaturised way . Solitude , pride , hatred , love , fear , devotion and so on are enlarged , but still these qualities stay completely recognizable.M&aacute;rquez has , to my point of view , received completely rightly the Nobel Prize for literature , which was based mainly on this book . It is not an easy book , but who takes the trouble to read it will not remain untouched .
 I have read this book many times , starting when I was fifteen years old.It was my first `` can not put it down '' great literature book.I have become convinced that it is truly the best book ever written.I read it in Spanish -LRB- my first language -RRB- every time but once ; it is an excellent translation but it is a translation . Read it in any language , but if you can read in Spanish I highly recommend you do.Cien A & ntilde ; os de SoledadTeri Szucswww.myinterpretations.com
 My first couple of tries at reading this book did n't go very far . I never made it beyond the first chapter . Then on a visit to Colombia I was determined to read this book . I kept at it . Before long I was totally absorbed into the story , which is truly fascinating and amazing . Now I do n't know why I could not get into it on my earlier attempts . I 'm so glad that I persisted . So , the book that I originally could n't get into , finally became one of my favorite novels .
 I had to read this book for my English class . I did n't know anything about it other than it 's legendary status . As I read it , I enjoyed it . It took me time to get through it and for me , it was not the kind of book I could sit down and read a page or two during commercials of the TV show I was watching . But more than I enjoyed it while reading , I enjoyed it even more afterwards , as strange as it sounds.Since finishing the book over a month ago , I am constantly thinking about it and being reminded of it by daily life , which to me is the mark of a truly impressive novel . I really ca n't wait to go back and reread it , something I do n't normally do , especially with books of this length.Garcia Marquez 's writing style was something new for me , and I do n't know exactly how to describe it . It 's a great book to read for school because there is huge literary value . And even more than that it 's a story that everyone can relate to in some ways . Maybe the thing about Garcia Marquez ' z writing is that he does n't come right out say everything , leaving a good portion of the meaning up to the reader 's own interpretation . Sometimes I feel like authors try to do this to make their books seem deep , which just makes the book seem pretentious , but I did not feel that way at all from this book . I think every person who reads it will have a different interpretation of the subtleties . And I think your interpretation will change over time , which is why I 'm excited to reread this in another 10 years and see what 's changed.Bottom line
 This is not your typical novel . It 's difficult , confusing , strongly metaphorical , and far more concerned with history and message than any deep look at its characters . At the same time , it is sometimes lyrical , beautiful , inventive , and given to unexpected trips to the magical , just when it seems bogged down in a very harsh reality.It 's the story of the town of Macondo and the family that help found the town , stretched over the hundred years of the title . It 's clear , when you step back from the details of this work , that the entire work is a metaphor for what happened to Columbia , from its early run-in with the Spanish invaders through the exploitive actions of companies out to rip the riches from the country with no regard for the human cost of their endeavors , and on into to the modern day world of political corruption backed by barely sheathed threats of force.The family that the book follows is unique in many ways , peopled by characters both incredibly strong and driven by obsessions , and yet insular , separated from the real world by their own internal fantasies . Here we find the rebel hero and the dominating matron side by side with ghosts , the Wandering Jew , and highly mysterious gypsies . However , all of these characters are seen from a distance , even though we are privy to their internal thoughts and ideas , and it is difficult to get emotionally involved with any of them . Not helping in this regard is the extreme similarity of names through various generations of the family , and frequent references to the genealogical chart at the beginning of the book are necessary to try and keep everything straight.Stylistically , be prepared for page long sentences and sudden multi-page discourses not immediately connected to current happenings . Often this prose is quite beautiful , and at times very effective in painting pictures of some very horrible occurrences in ways that can sear into your brain . Also be fully prepared for the flights of magical realism , when you go from the mundane of everyday to things clearly impossible in ordinary life , items which often highlight by contrast the depth and trivialness of the ordinary.If you are looking for a straightforward story with normal people , this is not the place to look . If instead you are looking for something very much out of the ordinary , and willing to work to find the core of what 's happening , this work can be quite rewarding . It 's doubtful if a single reading of this work will expose all of its potential , there is too much buried meaning , symbolism , and metaphor here that needs careful inspection to yield its full treasure . Its themes are not uplifting ; futility , the constant of man 's inhumanity to others is stark , the repetitiveness of the actions and character types from one generation to the next leads one down the path of asking what purpose does anything have , and the pervasiveness of each individual 's necessary isolation from others keeps a dark cloud over the entire work . This is a somber work , with its gold carefully buried , and the reader must be a diligent prospector . -- Reviewed by Patrick Shepherd -LRB- hyperpat -RRB-
 I read this book a few weeks ago and was intrigued by the subject matter . Gabriel Garcia Marquez weaves a beautiful tale of mystery and wonder . The story center around the Buendias living in a fictional Central/South American town . We 're lead through the lives of each person generation after generation , each person has different story and you would think that this would get redundant but with each new birth I am anxious , awaiting the next tale . There is a legacy that continues through each and everyone.It 's uncoventional perhaps , there 's no true `` hero '' or a central story line . But Marquez somehow effortlessly flows from one generation to the other without an annoying break in the story . He just simply begins one story and ends another simultaneously without leaving any questions or doubts . And you would also think that all of the similar names that jump around would get confusing but they surprisingly do n't , that somehow is not a problem.I do n't know how he does it but Marquez tells a simple tale with poetic grace and ease , never boring the reader and never losing ground or stalling . That is a true feat in itself . He blends without announcing it the fantasy world with reality , engaging the imagination and keeping you turning the pages . The anti-climax was breathtaking and the simple ending should have been boring , but it was n't . I strongly recommend this read , it 's a tale for the ages .
 ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE is not an easy book to get through . But it 's one of those cases where the cumulative experience of the journey is worth more than the steep-grade labor exherted along the way.What 's confounding is that the first hundred pages or so are very interesting and engaging , whetting your appetite for a quick and easy telling of the saga of the Buendia family.But then Garcia Marquez subtlely shifts gears , and the more you get to know the multi-generational Buendia clan , the less you seem to know them . The more you long to sink your teeth into juicy character specificity , the more you 're left with desiccated symbolism and generational templates.Garcia Marquez achieves greatness in this book by managining to tell the story of a family -LRB- and by extension , all families -RRB- without ever getting very close to any of the members that make up the family . The book 's power comes from its hypnotic , fuzzy insistence that its hero is the family itself , and that you can know everything about it , without really knowing anything about it.It 's a both frustrating and inspiring reading experience , not unlike trying to find the rainbow above a lawn sprinkler .
 Just an interesting connection I found between my English and Spanish class : No hay mal que dure cien a & ntilde ; os . -LRB- Literal
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's Nobel-Prize winning One Hundred Years of Solitude is a brilliant , world-renowned novel that recounts the history of the Buendia family over a century 's time . Often considered the masterpiece of his writing career , One Hundred Years takes place in the fantastical town of Macondo , which was founded by the Buendia family 's patriarch , Jose Arcadio Buendia . The story begins from the first generation of Buendias , that of Jose Arcadio Buendia , and then concludes at the seventh and final generation . In this widely recognized work , -LRB- also the next best-selling Spanish novel after Miguel de Cervantes ' classic , Don Quijote -RRB- Garcia Marquez weaves a tale of love and heartbreak , happiness and rancor , humor and mystery ; while largely incorporating elements of his mastered magical realism in every chapter.One Hundred Years of Solitude begins with the founding of Macondo , a small town in South America , by Jose Arcadio Buendia . He and his wife , Ursula , along with their family , leave their home in Riohacha , Colombia in the hopes of finding a better place to live . Upon arriving in the town that would soon be Macondo , the Buendia family sets up camp at a place in the woods and sleeps . That same night , Jose Arcadio Buendia dreams of Macondo as `` a noisy city with houses having mirror walls '' -LRB- 39 -RRB- . -LRB- In this excerpt , Garcia Marquez toys with the magical realism idea of mirrors that Jorge Luis Borges incorporated in many of his poems . -RRB- After exploring , Jose Arcadio Buendia declares the land an `` island '' and from there , he seemingly invents a new world within Macondo , naming all sorts of things at his own whim ; since `` the world was so recent that many things lacked names '' -LRB- 42 -RRB- . After the official establishment of Macondo , it becomes a town often victimized by strange and supernatural events . -LRB- Some of these events are hard to understand if read or understood too literally -- Mexican literary critic Luis Leal has said that `` if you can explain it , then it is n't magical realism . '' -RRB- Garcia Marquez features ideas of magical realism , fused with other religious ideas , as well as unsettling but entertaining superstitions very much throughout the novel . To fully appreciate the Macondo that Garcia Marquez creates , you must let go of all pre-existing conventional , practical ideas regarding literature and fall into a new , fantastical version of `` solitude . '' It is very much worth it!One Hundred Years of Solitude , now translated into over 37 languages worldwide , is an important novel that any reader/writer should read . Gabriel Garcia Marquez has influenced many authors , mastering the genre of magical realism and putting Latin America on the literary map . One Hundred Years is entertainingly mystical , yet unsettlingly real -- but above all , it is unforgettable .
 If you 're a fan of magical realism and Latin American literature , you MUST read this book ! Garcia Marquez is an incredible writer ... an absolute genius ... and the translator did an amazing job . If you are not familiar with magical realism , it would be wise to read about it before reading this book so you can enjoy the book for what it is and not read it too literally .
 One Hundred Years of Solitude tells the tale of the Buendia family and the town of Maconda , whose history is as enchanting as it is enthralling . It 's the story of gypsies and scientists , banana plantations and dancing Italians . This is the birth of magical realism
 `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' is not for everyone . It is one of the most fantastical books ever written . In style it is somewhere between `` Still Life with Woodpecker '' , `` The Electric Kool Aid Acid Test '' , and `` The Satanic Verses '' , but perhaps with even weirder events occurring . It is a book you will want to take your time with , re-reading a lot as you go so that you soak up the style ; and going back to previous passages to review how the characters are changing as time passes .
 This is a stunning literary masterpiece . It takes some patience to get into but once you are involved in the story , it is difficult to put down . God , after I finished reading the book it felt like I went into shock . The prose is gorgeous but it is the larger story , stories within stories , and metaphors that are so striking . Will stay with me for the rest of my life .
 I read it in Spanish since is my native language , and it 's a beautiful book . I have read like three times . However if you are a native English speaker the traslation may not cause the same effect to you and might find it very difficult . It really is a challenge to read tis book .
 `` Magical realism '' does n't begin to describe what Marquez does here . In a breathtaking feat of imagination , he creates a world that exists in a parallel universe -- an alternate reality just out of our reach , but so close you feel that if you could just stretch our your fingers another fraction of an inch , you could actually touch it . I 've read it twice , but not for the last time .
 I 'm one of those who found One Hundred Years of Solitude fascinating and enjoyable . The style definitely made it for me ; Marquez 's prose is misty and mythic in a beautifully descriptive way . I never lost interest in the story . It 's told in an unusual manner , more like an oral history or legend than a written work . After reading it , I could see why Marquez is called the `` South American Faulkner '' ; the style in One Hundred Years of Solitude can only be compared to a book likeThe Sound and the Fury . I have called it misty , but it 's deeper than that . The haze over Macondo is analogous to the haze of memory itself . I was thoroughly satisfied and amazed by the book . For me to attempt further description of its marvelous intricacies would be to rob you of the full joy of reading it.I was disappointed , though , when I sampled some of Marquez 's other works.In Evil Hourfailed to hold my attention at all , and the only novel that has even come close was Love in the Time of Cholera . Marquez was a good author and journalist , but he did n't have the consistency to maintain the style he achieved in One Hundred Years of Solitude . I would wholeheartedly recommend OHYoS to anyone interested in this book or this author , but I would simultaneously warn him or her not to expect to find another book like it . Perhaps it 's best that way .
 A few writers in each generation are gifted with such writing talent that they create books that make you catch your breath . Gabriel Garcia Marquez is one of those writers . His gift with prose , the way he uses language , his storytelling ability is staggering . This is an engrossing read from the very first sentence . You will be captivated by the magical world that has been created and the all too human characters that populate the story.For reading pleasure , I would recommend the Harper Perennial Modern Classics edition of this book , which has those very convenient flaps on the front and back covers that make perfect bookmarks to save your page when you do manage to put the book down !
 Thank you Oprah for selecting this book . I absolutely loved it!I owned this novel for a few years before I actually sat down and read it . I often read the first page and felt it was dull - I was wrong . Solitude has become one of the best novels I 've ever read . Garcia-Marquez not only includes vivid descriptions but also incorporates everything a novel should have from sibling rivalry , to war , loneliness , magic , humor , drama , incest , sex etc. . Solitude is often mysterious and delves into all of our dark thoughts , while also showing our desires . I often found myself frustrated with the decisions the characters made yet understood why they made them.I can not say enough about this wonderful novel , except I just regret waiting so long to enjoy it .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- This is a beautifully written book that manages , as successfully as any other book has , to capture the enormous wealth and breadth of the human experience -- from one family -LRB- and one town -RRB- 's point of view . No book could ever encompass the entire human experience ; but this book does a hell of a job , beginning with the founding of Macondo to its eventual obliteration -LRB- guess how many years later -RRB- . One reviewer states that reading the book feels like reading Genesis from the Bible , and I think that 's about right.To those of you who dislike/have trouble with `` magical realism , '' just relax . Yes , you 'll have problems if you think literally but what are books for ? What is fiction for ? Fiction is MADE UP . Good grief . Pretend you 're at a movie , suspend your disbelief and get into the beautiful writing and wit and humor . It 's a difficult book at times and the fact that everyone has similar names is very annoying , but what rewarding book is n't challenging?After you read the book , find Marquez 's short stories , some of which are about Macondo and flesh out some things that the book leaves out -LRB- e.g. Big Mama 's Funeral Carnival -RRB- . I do n't like or watch Oprah , and her choosing of this book is a little disturbing because now she 's plowing into the territory of books I not only ca n't sneer at but absolutely love . Well , I suppose it had to happen sometime .
 One Hundred Years of Solitudeby Gabriel Garcia Marquez is an amazing and wonderful book . It displays magical realism at its best and weaves through the lives of the Buendia family and the town of Macondo which they have founded.One single sentence can give you the shivers and the wording and phrasing of this book is amazing ! So deep and profound with such intense language then you end up loving and obsessing this book and lamenting that you ca n't write like Marquez.I would recommend this book to anyone who likes magical realism , Latin American literature , reading classics , or just being inspired and touched in a raw and unusual way . It 's one of those books that you could read over and over again for the rest of your life and you would still be discovering something new and different each and every time.SUMMARY : Probably Garcia Marquez 's finest and most famous work , One Hundred Years of Solitudetells the story of the rise and fall , birth and death of the mythical town of Macondo through the history of the Buendia family . Inventive , amusing , magnetic , sad , alive with unforgettable men adn women , and with a truth and understanding that strike the soul.One Hundred Years of Solitudeis a masterpiece of the art of fiction.RANDOM INFORMATION : Marquez won the Nobel Price for this , so I would also recommend you read his acceptance speech which you can find on the internet -LRB- but DO NOT read it until AFTER having read the book -RRB- .
 This book is written with a meticulos particularity that is hard to grasp . Following the bloodline requires a geneology chart that was provided in the front cover of my copy.Gabriel Garcia Marquez captivated me with his realistic characters and the mystical events that shaped this area . Noticing a parrallel between the expansion of human beings from the beginning of civilization and the progress of the town of Macondo is essential to understanding the book 's promise.The book is difficult and causes many people to put it down . However , after reading this book I placed it on the top of my bookshelf and admired its brillance . It is rewarding .
 I read this book long time ago . I really liked the style , besides the story line , that is very good . The author takes you from one situation to the next with deep symbolism I completely uderstand . It is an intense read , and it is funny one .
 This book was beautifully translated , there was nothing that was lost . Every generation blends together so well that it 's amazing . I know others find it boring at times , but I found that there is n't a moment of boredom while reading it . I loved this book . It was so very well-written , and the characters truly shine and come alive . I think everyone should read this classic !
 I agree with my fellow reviewers who judged this one of the great masterpieces of 20th century fiction . It is one of most wonderful novels I have ever read . -LRB- And re-read . -RRB- The book is an epic , deliberately styled as a parody of grand 19th century Russian novels that trace the stately history of royal families over generations . The book deliberately means to confuse the reader in its use of family names , but always does so with a light-hearted wink at the reader . -LRB- Hence the indispensable family tree printed at the front of the book . -RRB- Yet , in parodying the epic genre and inserting astonishing and hilarious sequences of magic in the plot , the book reclaims grandeur on its own terms.The family characterizations themselves are deliberate parodies of courtliness and generational standing , with the principal characters climbing literally from the dust and mud to individual greatness , generation by generation . Each generation is conscious also of an overarching familial greatness , passed down from some remote and misty time almost back to the moment of creation.Finally , to jump far ahead here , we have the book 's miraculous ending . Miraculous in style , pace , and content . How can one give sufficient praise to this ending ? How does Marquez manage to create heart-stopping tension through a plot device so simple -- the description of another geneologic chapter ? Yet , this is what he accomplishes . At the end , the reader is pulled breathlessly along , finally to have confirmed what he or she already suspects -- that preternatural forces are encapsulated in the very chromosomes of the Buendia clan.Of course , there is even more here . The writing and imagery are unfailingly beautiful , and good humor is never far from the surface . Pictures of rural life are vividly and lovingly drawn.Overall , this is an exceptionally great novel , one of the greatest of Marquez 's books , and an astonishing triumph of fictional architecture .
 One of the greatest books ever written . It is sheer poetry as Marquez slips between reality and fantasy with ease . His characters will stay with you forever . It is the only book I ever finished then started reading over again . Magical .
 I read One Hudred Years of SOlitude like 6 times over the years , and it still holds its magic and atmosphyre . Just an unbelievable classic . It feels weary and long at moments , also distracting at moments but its originality and magical ventures arise and fill the soul . Must have .
 Set in an untamed region during an Edenic time , this epic novel spans generations of somewhat bizarre characters whose lives take surreal turns . The writing in this novel is incredibly good , but the content is not for everyone . There are some sexual situations which are also quite surreal and taboo . Some people might read this book and be awed by the creativity , while others might find it strange or revolting . Marquez is a unique voice , no matter how any one reader sees him . For my part , I read it with a nonjudgmental stance on the content -- it is , after all , fiction -- and I think it is easily deserving of its Nobel Prize .
 ... but it will be worth it.This is a tough read . The author uses many of the same names for characters through five generations of one family , the Buend&iacute;as . You 'll find yourself flipping to the front of the book where the publisher conveniently provided a family tree so the reader can make sense of the characters and their genealogy.The story itself has a surreal element , an element of constant struggle and an element of solitude that each character inherits.The level of detail that M&aacute;rquez visits lures the reader in . At times , especially while reading right before bedtime , I felt like I was a townsperson in the story 's fictional town , Macondo , observing the Buend&iacute;as . M&aacute;rquez is an artist , using written word as medium.I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book .
 It would seemt that some fools do n't understand that this is n't a review of the supplier of the books , or the shipping and handling , but the book itself.Marquez offers sterling prose that ca n't be given justice in any review . He 's the father figure in a movement that 'll surely be known as the revolution of Spanish literature . An absolute must read . His works should be required in every high school .
 Marquez 's work is full of magic , quirkiness , and sadness . His story can not be contained by traditional conceptions of time , plausibility , or even reality . The characters are as rich and alive as the narrative and both are remarkably memorable . The family tree in the front helps with the many characters but do n't worry if you have a little trouble differentiating them . Enjoy this book ; it is truly delightful .
 Marques is one of the most intriguing Latin American writers of his time . Even though I had to read this book for my Latin American Literature class and I was on a time restraint , I loved every moment I spent with the Buendia family . This book has everything from wonderful magical realism , to incest , to flooding and plagues . In many ways One Hundred Years of Solitude is a parallel to the story of Genesis , with occasional deviations . I loved Marquez 's theory of circular time as well , because it contradicts how we think of it as proceeding in a linear fashion.I suggest that you do not give this book one chance . The first time around might be difficult , but the more you read , the easier it gets . This book is written so that it can and should be read over and over throughout your life . Once you get a taste for Marquez , you will be hooked .
 This is absolutely the most wonderful book I 've ever read . I read more than one book every week , so what can I say !! A must read , which you will not want to put down . There 's so much to this than just the story . . Beautifully written and wonderously haphazard presentation !
 As we end the millenium , and we as ` modern men ' continue to replace ` solitude with sex ' and by thus creating the same spiral cycle we can not escape , we are all condemmed to one hundred years of solitude . As I turn forty this year , it has been 25 years ago when Gabo gave me his novel to read . I 've read it every autumn since then.It 's still a wonderous masterpiece !
 The greatest and the most beautiful , moving , and spiritually uplifting book I have ever read .
 I read `` 100 Years '' as a seventh grader in 1973 - and have searched for a replacement -LRB- someone permanently borrowed my copy -RRB- since ! No other author made an impression on me as did Mr. Garcia-Marquez - for those who enjoy the `` impossible , but hey , it could happen '' , this is a must read for all ages !
 Despues de haber leido el mejor libro `` Cien anos de Soledad '' , el mejor libro publicado en Spanish , it is time to read it English , I 'm sure that I will also enjoy it .
 I have read this book 4 times , and I can read it 100 times more , and never get tired of it . This is what a great piece of literture can do . This book has such unforgetable scenes , that one can not differenciate between dream and reality that exists in the story , but takes over your mind and do n't let go till you set aside the book . And even after , you will be captivated by the imagineray that has gone into this masterpiece .
 Asking someone to rate this book as a work of fiction is like asking someone to rank Shakespeare as a playwright . What else can be said - this book is almost without peer . The only reason I am writing this at all is that I would like to respond to some of the other reader 's comments about the ending.The ending to this novel is what earns it , not a ten , but a twelve ! Perhaps one book in a thousand has a last page that brings the whole book together , knocking the wind out of you and making you feel as though you 'd been hit by a bolt of lightning . Of those rare one in a thousand books , this is one of the best ! Read it and see - you wo n't be disappointed .
 I read this book 3 years ago , my first and best one , because of my parents . I fall in love with it and discoverd the world of novels . Three months later I had read 6 other titles of Garcia Marquez .
 This is not a happy book as many other readers have said in their reviews . It is a novel of depression and introspection showing both the saddest and brighest sides of solitude . But the characters ' solitude is not like me locking myself up in my room to read this book . It is deeper , describing something existential , a way of life that is disciplined in the joyous festivities and in the deep mourning . My lasting impression of this book is not that of beauty or wonder , but shock in the speaker 's accurate description of the human condition .
 As close to literary perfection as any work of fiction I have ever read . What does one say ? Reading it was like reading the revealed word of God . Upon completing the book , I just sat there knowing nothing else I could ever read would approach the perfection of this book .
 Garcia Marquez is the best writer in Latin America . He show to the hole world our pains , our fantasies and our feelings and nobody can make the same like him . He is so sensibile like his own people but he have the great chance to tell things in beautifull and wonder words -LRB- I hope you can understand my english -RRB-
 I started reading One Hundred Years of Solitude when I was still in school . I did n't understand the book beyond 100 pages.Such intense writing , i though . And so elusive ! I gave up half way through with a promise to myself that I woild return to it . I did return to it a couple of years later . in the meanwile , i read copiously about the book one of them being an essay by salman rushdie . i began to relate to the book . it was strange . soon i could imagine talking to marquez himself and to Melquiedes , the gypsy whose note in Sanskrit lay at the heart of the story . Being an Indian I had read a bit of the anciant language in school . It felt a if it was our book , a 400-page note from my village . Strange though it may sound , i was rolling in such intimate experince without having read -- or as ithough at that time , ` understood ' the book . it was with a mission to comprehend Marquez that i picked the novel again . I began reading and read it for a week ... over food ... in the bus i took to my college ... in the canteen ... everywhere . A week later it was changed man rereading the back flap of the novel . It was an epiphany , a divine realisation of a truth that had eluded me all my early youth . It was
 Why
 I approached this novel with reluctance . A friend recommended it but said it was best to read it in the original Spanish . I do n't understand Spanish , but I decided to try the English translation . I was overwhelmed . For days I was in a trance . I could not and did not want to pull myself away from Macondo and the Buendia family . The words hypnotized me . The scenes evoked haunted me during the day and filled my dreams at night . Gabriel Garcia Marquez has created a masterpiece in any language .
 Having read Chronicle of a Death Foretold , I knew of Garcia-Marquez 's ability to narrate a story from the omnipotent viewpoint . However , after finishing the book , I realized that , much like Melquiades did , GGM had woven a delicate and pointed history of all of us . There were elements in each character that we could identify with , some more than others . But , the essence of life in Macondo is the same as the essence of life anywhere . What GGM has done should live on forever , being read by as many sets of eyes as possible . It 's a shame that Macondo is not a place we could physically visit though , I think we 'd all do well to spend some time there . Kudos and huzzah to you , my friend . I call you my friend because I feel like you already know me , and not just the good parts either . Then again , that 's what makes life so interesting , the not so good parts . And that 's what Macondo is full of .
 Having heard a little too much about Garcia Marquez before reading the book , my expectations were not extremely high . However , the symbolism and magic-realism and beauty of this incredible history of a family swept me away . I encourage anyone that enjoys Latin American literature , or literature at all , to find this book , read it and pass it on .
 If you have read anything from Marquez , you know he is indeed a god with words . This book is at the usual Marquez level - absolutely fabulous !!
 Marquez is a GOD with language . I loved this epic . Few books have held me as tightly as this one did .
 From the opening sentence to the last paragraph , this book had the power to remove me from the present and lift me into the lives and times of the Buendia family . If the reader can suspend analytical thoughts and reactions and enter the world of magic realism created in the pages , he will be rewarded with an adventure and characters as vivid as any he could ask for . I am embarrassed at just how much of the deepest meaning of this book I do n't understand , but am more than satisfied at having read what I consider to be a masterpiece of creativity . This is one of the few books which I purchased after having read it . I felt a need to own it -- so I could read and reread the last three pages , each time with tears in my eyes and my heart beating faster . I thank the friend who introduced me to Garcia-Marquez , storyteller extraordinaire .
 I recommend that readers try to forget about all reviews they have read about this book before they start reading it . It can be a dissapointment if you expect to read a `` life-changing '' story , or be captivated by one character for the rest of your life . I do n't think Marquez intended his characters to be captivating figures . They are ordinary people , like most of us ; with their loves , hatreds , mistakes , and stupidities . What makes you admire Marquez is the way a hundred years of human life is displayed in this novel with such fluency and glow , and not so much the nature or ending of those stories . The book takes you through many faces of life
 Even now , as I write this review , tears gather in my eyes . It is a most unforgettable book . I am amazed at Marquez 's sensitive genius . I will never tire of reading this book .
 I read this book in its original language of spanish when I was in my early 20s and living in Argentina . The story was so facinating that I could not put it down , but was such an fantastically imaginative weave , I could not tell you what it was about , now , 20 years later . I did enjoy it .
 Yes , this is a good book and I had no trouble following it . I 've read quite a few books in this genre . It is pleasant escapism , nothing more and nothing less . I think all `` magical realism '' is . It takes you into a completely different world for a while.But calling it `` required reading for the human race '' and a `` literary masterpiece '' is going a bit too far . It hardly ranks with the likes of Shakespeare.It is interesting reading if you enjoy this type of literature , so I recommend it .
 This book came highly recommended by a friend . It 's totally different from anything else I 've ever read . A fascinating story about a small town and the family that founded it . Strange realities , original characters , hard to put down ...
 Classic . Must Read . Marquez is a brilliant writer . This example of magical realism , transports the reader to an alternative universe .
 try ` of love and other demons ' instead . i 'm not sure why everyone points out this one as one of ggm 's best because it is fairly good but not blindingly great .
 As a review from the times -LRB- I think -RRB- said -- this should be required reading for the entire human race .
 My book Club read the Kite Runner and I thought it was such a powerful story . The author has trumpted that book with this extraordinary tale of women trapped within a system that renders them powerless . I could n't put the book down and parts of it haunt my thoughts weeks after reading it .
 This is a wonderful but complex book.However , I was surprised that Amazon would send a book with a library stamp on the outside pages , as well as inside , wothout advising beforehand .
 This is the novel that made the author succeed and it 's obvious why . A story which seems it 's never going to finish , has an incredible ending -LRB- I read the last page like a hundred times already -RRB- . A personal advise would be to get a chart of the family tree , otherwise you may not enjoy it as I have
 Reading a Hundred Years of Solitude is a total experience that dominates one 's existence while engaged in it . It was even better the second time I read it , and I rarely read a book twice . Garcia Marquez sets a standard for this genre of magical realism that authors , like Rushdie , try to match , but so far no one has come close . The evolution of Macondo and the Buendia family is so alive and captivating with it 's tale of tragedy laced with humor as the modern world invades it . Melquiadez , the visiting gypsy also plays a major role , and one is haunted by his presence even after his death . If you have n't read this book , your missing a major work in 20th century literature . This book will become one of the great classics of all times . To read it in Spanish must be even more of an experience , but the English translation is excellent . Just writing this review makes me want to read it a third time , there 's so much going on , the reader is never bored .
 Iloved the sex parts .
 It took me a long time to finish this novel , but every step of the way was a joy . I read about 100 pages in English and the rest in the original Spanish . My evaluation of the work coincides exactly with the extravagant praise of Dennis from Brazil and El Vate from Puerto Rico . My thoughts upon finishing the novel ? I can hardly wait to begin re-reading the novel tomorrow !
 Marquez 's writing is gorgeous and poetic - a mix of humor and sombre reality that captured me immediately .
 This is not the easiest book you pick up . It is complicated , but when you get pass that it is one of the most facinating books you can get a hold of . A definite must read .
 It is Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's best book until now . It made me laugh , it made me cry , it is full of surprises , and has beautiful imagery.I recommend it to everyone . Those who do not like it , do not because they have no culture whatsoever . This book depicts the wonderful world of Latin America through the eyes of the greatest writer I know .
 From the moment I picked it up , I was hooked . It takes you into this world of the Buendia family for a hundred years , a family that is so unpredictable and amusing , each and everyone with a somewhat different yet similar character . its confusing nature , the tragedies , the out of this world stories ... I 've read fiction books that are realistic and ones that intentionally are n't , I still dont know where this one lies . it truly is amusing.I think this is simply the best book I 've read .
 I read this book during a summer break because a close friend recommended it to me . `` You may want to keep a chart , '' he warned , referring to the daunting number of recurring names in the novel . Well , I did n't keep a chart , but I quickly realized it 's easy to confuse specific characters with one another . It seems those who dislike this book are often people who read it for a class , where memory of precise details of plot and sequence is more important.One could argue that the confusion of names is an intended effect , and says something about the relationship between the characters , family , or maybe humankind in general . But regardless of all that , I thoroughly enjoyed this book , and not at all for the details of the plot . Rather , I enjoyed the novel for Garcia-Marquez 's writing style and his incredible ability to create entertaining , intense , and provocative scenes and stories , which are cleverly interwoven to produce the novel 's whole . I found I lost myself in all the small stories throughout the read , yet after I finished the book the connection between all of the scenes and characters and stories left me with an array of impressions that came together in an intense and beautiful way . So basically , the novel was an enjoyable and thought-provoking experience , even if I mixed up a name here and there .
 I read this book because Bill Clinton recommended it . I am a science-technology person and not knowing much about what constitutes good literature I rate books by how they ` feel ' to me . This is an interesting book . I read it twice a couple of years apart and still do n't ` understand ' it . I do , however , like the ` feel ' of it .
 I read the english version in one week and am now reading it again . Its a fascinating book but I wish Garcia Marquez was my neighbor so I could ask him the millions of questions that I thought of when reading the book . The books captured my mind , soul and heart , I actually cried seeing colonel Aureliano , my second favorite character reduced to an old , solitary man . My questions are
 My youngest daughter - in college - seems very well pleased with this selection ... like the professor gave her a choice , right ?
 100 years of solitude is an extremely well-written novel . The town of Macondo is personified through the Buendia family . It was the Buendias who founded the town and their lineage that is followed in the story . The town -LRB- like the Buendia family -RRB- is a desolate and solitary place that rapidly matures until it is destroyed . From the founding of the town , to the installment of the banana company , to the town 's destruction , Macondo is destined to remain in solitude . Like the Buendias , the town never really reaches its full potential . Although the novel is extremely graphic and somewhat depressing at parts , from a literary point of view , 100 years of solitude is a fantastic novel .
 An interesting book . Its a little confusing in its direction and scope though . Maybe not a must read , but pretty good overall . wwr@virginia.edu
 It 's a great read into what seems like another planet and it stays with you for quite a while when you 're done.I was not disappointed - it is worth the money.This is one of the books that belong in your library . It does what I 've always wanted a book to do for me and I hope you read it too ! Enjoy!Another book that I enjoyed was `` he never called again '' , and also `` The da vinci code '' . I highly recommend these books !
 This is a great book!Now on Oprah 's Bookclub list 2004 !!!!
 I have been trying to buy this book for the longest time . I finally found it on Amazon , and am thrilled to inform everyone that the book is BRAND NEW , and in good condition . : -RRB-
 I 've read this book several times and it gets better with each reading . While I believe LOVE IN THE TIME OF CHOLERA is Marquez ' best novel , ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE is probably his most mesmerizing . From the very first , beautifully constructed sentence -LRB- my favorite book beginning of all time -RRB- the reader is immersed in the world of the Buend&iacute;a family and their town Macondo . Meandering , episodic , and always entertaining , this is a book to be consumed with childlike wonder as the narrative drifts through time , plot , and many confusingly named characters . There is an intentional blurring of character 's names that can leave the reader confused . However , this is not a novel mainly about characters . It is about the passing of time , of the intractable mysteries of life , and about the tragedy of joy , and the joy that follows tragedy .
 This novel is the best ever , no novel i have read caused me feel like i 'm in a dream , so strong so penetrative , it keeps you wonder how a man can write such marvelious piece of art.So recommended .
 Like many others , I had quite a hard time `` getting into '' this book . However , once I 'd traversed the first half , I understood that what I was reading was a story like no other I 'd come across . There was also a feeling that something glorious was going to happen at the end . I think I was right
 As many reviewers have noted , it is not an easy ready but well worth the time and certainly the effort.There is love , intrigue , war , life , death , laughter and tears . All told in the classic Latin American Literature style . What more can a reader ask for?Pick it up , read it and dream about the characters for days .
 For those of you who have read Marquez before this book will not dissapoint you , in fact I think its one of Marquez best.For those of you who havent , this is a great way to start.This is the story of the Buendia family and how things happen through the years . It is full of memorable passages that will make you think that what happens to the family and the town can be related to different passages in world history.Dont worry if after the first couple of pages you are confused by the many names and vatriations of each . The characters and their story are so unique that the similarity in names will have little importance.I think Marquez tells a good and enjoyable story that can be enjoyed by everyone at anytime and you will find that after the first few pages it will be hard to put it down.Granted that I read this book in Spanish so I think it might feel a little different reading it in English and maybe some events will seem strange if you are not familiarized with the way families behave in Latin countries.Totally worth it though .
 I bought this book in a second-hand bookstore and read it a whole long summer day from morning to late night ... what a ride . the book is written with great style and rich detail and is funny , extremely inspired . i did n't find it hard to read , even though the family tree of the Buendias became really too complex to bear in mind as a whole ... the effortless colorful style and its great span of storytelling that includes a long line of characters all connected by some mysterious bond , repeating a cycle , learning to bear some form of their own solitude - i think it is a great book that brilliantly mirrors not just a few people but the whole changing of generations . it is refreshing to think of ourselves in terms of long lines of families that come and go , have their own ways and ups and downs . a great book with excellent style that really stands out .
 What is it about a certain work of fiction that keeps us coming back to it , time and again , as if we 're all ancient travellers on the same road of life ? ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE is such a work ; whenever I travel I take the book with me , dip into its pages , as if I 'm skinny-dipping into familiar waters , revisit its characters and scenes , savor its language and wild flights of imagination . Gertrude Stein once said , `` If a book is really true , you 'll always need it again . '' How could a work of fiction be this true , this powerful , this overwhelming in its understanding of the human condition ? Damned if I know . And I write fiction all the time , with everything I 've got , every muscle and bone in my body . Maybe it 's got something to do with `` magic realism , '' with the way you tell a story , not conventionally in a straightforward narrative fashion , but rather , in a series of concentric circles , hovering around the characters , around the events of Macondo and the multigenerational families that occupy the landscape , that live it , breathe it , and make you , the reader , part of it .
 This translation of Marquez 's quintessential work does great justice to his remarkable prose . The clarity and depth of Hundred Years ' symbolism and the excellent development of the Buendia characters send the reader back to an austere but complicated time - a time of exploration , political upheaval , and social transition . One criticism of this translation is the absence of footnotes to specific historical , cultural , or social elements of life in Colombia in the past two centuries . `` Taciturn , silent , insensible to the new breath of vitality that was shaking the house , Colonel Aureliano Buendia could understand only that the secret of a good old age is simply an honorable pact with solitude '' -LRB- p. 199 -RRB- . Overall , a great read !
 I recall reading , in Harold Bloom 's analysis of OHYS , a phrase that sums the book up more solidly than any other of which I can think
 This novel is deserving of all the praise and awards heaped on it . It 's expertly written and narrated , it 's politically explosive , it 's imaginative , and it 's blending of the real and surreal could only have been done by such a great writer . It 's completely and utterly different from any of the `` classics '' you have ever read . It 's modern and a relic at the same time . There surely are dozens of other reviews outlining the plots and characters of the novel , so let this one just recommend it as a must-read and one of the true masterpieces in all aspects of the word .
 Wonderful , wonderful ! This book is so packed with such magical scenes . Witty . Funny . Outrageous . One of a kind characters . I can read it all over again and still find a lot of details I never noticed before . Everytime I read this the story always seems new . Definitely one book for all who love books .
 This book is Magical . Magical in the sense that time is n't constant , dead people talk , spells and curses actually take effect et cetera . Forget about things like consistency , clarity and thoroughgoing logic and this book is about as pleasurable and beautiful as the written word can get .
 I was sitting on top of Healabhal Bheag , the Little Holy Mountain , on the Duirnish Peninsula , on the Isle of Skye , in the Kingdom of Alba , dangling my legs off the edge of the Known Universe , when a band of gypsies , led by one Melquiades , came up from the West , playing `` Do n't Be Cruel '' on bagpipes and bodhrains.Melquiades hemself handed me a small package , wrapped in Clan MacLeod tartan and tied with 17 gauge catgut and Kevlar composite.As I untied the bundle , the clouds parted and the sun passed behind the moon . Inside were 422 sheets of parchment , handmade from Egyptian papyrus before Moses was plucked from the river and inked with the blood of 16 vestal virgins , caught leaving for the coast . On a cover sheet , printed in black and white on Hammermill bond in 12 point Arial type by an HP 4MP LaserJet printer , was the title , `` Cien Anos de Soledad '' , by Gabriel Garcia Marquez , translated by Gregory Rabassa.I started reading . The wonder and folly of modern civilization began dancing before my eyes.Just then it started raining . The ink ran and the parchment disintegrated . The band of gypsies wandered off playing `` Purple Haze '' and our picnic lunch was eaten by the ants .
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez stands out as my favorite Latin American writer ... well , favorite writer from anywhere . His masterpiece , One Hundred Years of Solitude served as an introduction to his work for me . I was blown away when I read this novel ... just the way he thought when first encountering Kafka , I repeat his thoughts
 Probably the most complex but at the same time most enjoyable of Garcia Marquez ' books . Vibrant and colorful description of a Colombian `` Macondo '' that takes the reader through a deep journey of the local insights . One of the greatest books I have read .
 There are not enough words to describe Gabriel Marquez 's book . It belongs in a category by itself . Not only is the story of Macondo comic and tragic , but Marquez 's description of the story , makes you go to another place . I 'm glad the translator had a family tree , because I would n't have a clue of what was going on.A must-read . You wo n't regret it .
 Garcia-Marquez is my favorite autor and `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' is a wonderful book , one that should be read by every intelligent reader . He deftly suspends the laws of reality and takes you to a world that will leave you with the feeling that you have just returned from a rejuvenating vacation . This book is not to be missed . The writing is at once mystical and cathartic , and it will leave you breathless .
 No wonder this book has become an instant classic . It is . This is probably the best translated book that I 've ever read . Very confusing , at first , but very imaginative . More of a fantasy than anything else , really . Much better the second time through . I loved the characters and the setting !
 A co-worker of mine kept recommending this book to me and I kept putting off buying it , when one day I decided to go ahead and do it . It took me about 2 week to read it on the subway and every page kept me coming back for more . The way it is written and the way that the Buendia family keeps repeating history is fascinating and the last few pages of the book were breathtaking and sent chills up my spine . I will be sure to pick up Mr. Marquez 's other masterpieces and adore those too .
 Garcia Marquez creates a masterpiece in which a family 's legacy and a town 's history are documented in such magestic detail that ultimately connect and sympathize with the way everything breaks down . Apparently , things are made by man do n't last forever , but this story definitely should . This is the type of book that many authors would sell crack to babies to write . It 's so wonderfully crafted that it 's one of the few books I 've ever read where I 'm totally fine with wasting hours in a day reading it . And i could easily read every single word from cover to cover again and again . 100 Years should be the book that you first recommend to anyone looking for great fiction , it 's on an entirely other level .
 A fascinating , difficult read . One Hundred Years of Solitude is a book that should n't be rushed through . Take your time and read at your leisure . If you hurry through it you will miss the beauty of this mesmerizing book .
 This is amazing ! FenomenalWhile reading it , you see , you smell , and you feel the story of Macondo , and the buendia family in 100 years of solitude.I 've never imagined that I will enjoy such type of literature , but just give it a try and introduce yourself to the world of magical realism that Gabriel Garcia Marquez invented !
 I must admit , being colombian helps in reading this book , nevertheless is just a wonderful , fascinating book . It is amazing that this writer can make you see so many lives in so many perspectives , so many stories intertwined with each other and it allows you to experience them from so many points of view . I loved this book , read it a few times and everytime you find something new , once you read this , you understand some more about Marquez ' style . It is tough , but once you reach the end it is as though heaven opened and gave you all of its secrets .
 Let me first say that upon reading this book , I was a little startled . But as the book went on I really began to enjoy it . I thought it was a very quick read , but not exactly an easy one . The repetition of names throughout the family really threw me off . Thankfully the book is equipped with a family tree right in the front . It got me through the entire book . There is a surprisingly amount of incest embedded throughout the book . But the theme of a journey , and destiny keep the book going strong.I think of all I liked Ursula . The mother of the family and the one to survive through everything , dying at around 120 years old . The family goes through enough turmoil and in the end reminds me of the Wizard of Oz . . Definitely a must read !!!
 `` The first of the line is tied to a tree and the last is being eaten by ants . '' That is a gypsy 's prophecy of the Buend&iacute;a family , the center of this tale . The story begins with Jos&eacute; Arcadia Buend&iacute;a , who makes a perilous journey across a great mountain range and starts a town and a family secluded from the rest of the world . The rest of the story follows this family through civil wars , rebellions , betrayal , births , deaths , and the tides of history . It 's an epic tale , and there is so much covered in its 400 + pages that the whole thing feels like a prologue or an epilogue . I was waiting for the pace to slow down and focus on one character , but it never really does . Sometimes I liked this , sometimes I felt a little detached . And because many of the family members have the same names , it 's hard to keep them straight . But the tales throughout the book are wonderful . I love the magical realism , M&aacute;rquez 's writing is poetry , and when I finished I was surprised by how attached I had grown to both the family and the town .
 Once you get past Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's use of the same two names for the male descendants of the family who make up the main characters , you 're drawn into the family 's dramas and peculiarities even when you do n't want to be . When you realize the meaning of the use of the two names in the latter part of the book , it helps with your understanding of the characters and their actions . As you 're drawn into the story of this family , you 'll begin to care , almost against your will , about what happens to them and want to tell them the secrets you know and they do n't so they wo n't make the mistake you see them clearly making . Marquez 's writing in One Hundred Years of Solitude will have you shaking your head in disbelief , laughing aloud , and smacking the pages in frustration at the actions of his characters . Still , you 'll want to know more about them all the way to the last page !
 This is a very difficult book to review . It is universally regarded as a classic , probably deservedly , but that does not mean that I liked everything about it . Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a fantastic storyteller and writes some of the best prose that I have ever read -LRB- I 'm referring to the English translation , of course ; he is supposed to be even better in his native Spanish -RRB- . I echo the views of another reviewer when I say that this is a tremendously rewarding book if you have a lot of time and energy to put into it . However , if you plan to stretch this book out over two weeks or so , the rewards will be significantly less . This is probably true with all literature , but especially so with this one , as it is easy to mix characters up and get lost in the many intricate personal stories that make up the book . The book traces the history of one Columbian village -LRB- Macondo -RRB- , and one family -LRB- the Buendia family -RRB- within that village , over five generations . At the beginning , the town is almost like a tropical utopia cut off from the rest of the world . It is pointed out that nobody has ever died in the village . In reality , that is because the town was founded only a couple of years ago , but the irony is clear . Over time , however , the town 's isolation is eroded by the intrusion of the state , the entrance of American investors , and the inevitable changes brought on by technological change . This was my favorite aspect of the book . The bulk of it , however , is less concerned with the tide of history and more concerned with the inner lives -LRB- solitude -RRB- of it 's characters . This did not work quite as well for me , but that is just due to my personal preferences . Much of it , though , is that I did not really care for most of the characters . Indeed , many of them are downright detestable . About the only member of the Buendia family I could really sympathize with was the matriarch of the family , Ursula . And there are too many instances of characters doing things for no apparent reason . There are two separate occasions in the book in which a young woman shuts herself off from the world for the rest of her life after her husband/lover dies , although it is not clear from the book why she should choose such a drastic route . One of the most important characters spends the prime of his life fighting the government as a leftist guerilla , although he never once seems to voice any political opinion whatsoever . Most of the characters spend the majority of their time in quiet -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- solitude , brooding in their rooms as their lives waste away . Marquez does have some good things to say about nostalgia and difficulty of recounting the past . And many of the stories in the book are delightful . In fact , most of the secondary characters , those outside of the Buendia family , are wonderful . I kept wishing that Marquez would talk more about them and less about his protagonists . In general , I highly recommend this book to anyone seeking a good story , and those who like reading about people 's inner lives . If you a few free days to truly dedicate yourself to this book , you will not be able to forget it .
 100 Years of Solitude is by far the most exraordinary and profound pieces of literiture ever created . I strongly urge everyone who has n't read it to do so . I must confess that I strongly dissaprove of `` A reader from Saint Louis '' 's review . Though I completely agree with him or her that 100 Years of Solitude is possibly `` the most important novel of the XXth Century , '' I beg that you do not follow his/her `` pointers . '' `` Do n't keep track of the names . Its pointless ... '' is a completely false statement . One must pay extremely close attention to names . Do names foreshadow ones fate ? Are the twins who they were meant to be named after or have they been mixed up ? `` You can start reading the book on any page ... '' ie equally incorrect . Garcia-Marquez 's genius is so well conveyed through 100 Years of Solitude that symbols whispered on the first page come into play in generations to come . Enjoy this literary masterpiece !
 The many characters and the style of magic realism make this book a little difficult to understand . Also , it plays brilliantly with Latin American history , and many readers may not appreciate that . If you feel you do n't really understand it , that may be natural , but I recommend reading the Cliffs Notes or something afterward , in order to fill in the gaps . The story is beautiful and emotional , a classic that deserves its status , although time has left it only a little less accessible . This is one of those books that may re-arrange your world , your sense of how to tell a story and what a story is , and how you think of yourself . If you 're considering reading it , give it a try , and if it frustrates you , find something that will help you understand it . It 's such a great book that there are lots of resources , new ones coming out all the time ... Good luck ! Enjoy this wonderful , beautiful story .
 Garcia Marquez ' work is often lost in translation , as I felt after reading ` News of a Kidnapping . ' Yet this difficult read goes evedn further , causing a normally fast reader to take an unusually long amount of time to finish reading it . The repetitive names of characters that transcend generations and are all sleeping with one another , add to the confusion , and the reader reaches a point where the several Aurelianos and Jose Arcadios all start seeming like one another.But here in lies the magic of this brilliant piece of literature . The author 's power to weave a poetic and magnificent story is incredible . The real yet magical , brutal yet romantic , hilarious but tragic nuances of this book only reinforce an understanding of the characters , and what the suffer through the pages of this book.One Hundred Years of Solitude is a book that leaves a reader pondering the very nature of humanity , family relationships , hopes , desires , ambitions , political beliefs and even the very course of nature . It is dense to get through , but the confusion and concentration it requires only adds to the brilliance of this piece .
 This is my personal favorite . Even after 33 years of its translated publication , I was pleasantly surprised to find it in the shelves of the local supermarket with sparkling `` Oprah '' label on it . That did not affect my love towards the magical realism or the poetic writings of Nobel Prize winner Gabriel Garcia Marquez.The genealogy at the first page might appear out of place for the uninitiated ; but later on , getting confused about the names of characters , you will come back to the page like the dead Prudencio Aguilar searching for water in Ursula 's kitchen . Lot of images will stay in your mind for years to come
 I 'm not surprised that people who read this book because they thought they were `` supposed '' to did n't enjoy it . If you do n't think you 'll enjoy it ... well , you 're almost certainly right . It 's not beach reading . But if you want to read it and are just intimidated , by all means do n't be!To dispel some myths/common complaints
 `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' is Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's masterpiece , the one novel he was born to write . Having said that , do n't fool yourself by thinking that `` One hundred Years of Solitude '' is an easy read , because it is not ! At least it is not an easy read to begin with , but hang in there - it is evidently worth the struggle ! Make sure that you get an edition that has a family tree of the Buend&iacute;a family in front of the book . Ear-dog that page , as you will use it repeatedly while working your way through this book . I mean , how many Jos&eacute;s , Aurelianos , or Remedios can you possibly remember and/or distinguish between ? `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' is the story of the small village ` Macondo ' hidden the jungle of Colombia . Jos&eacute; Arcadio Buend&iacute;a was the founder of this village , and it is the story of him and his family that keeps you spellbound through the 400 + pages . After finishing this book you will understand why Garcia Marques won the Nobel Prize . This is one of my all time favorite books . I only wish I read Spanish so well that I could read `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' in its original language.I could n't recommend it more highly . A great read !
 This is the book I have to read at least once a year , once in Spanish , the next one in English -LRB- the translation is close to perfect , or as GGM generously says , better than the original -RRB- . If one ever needed to confirm the relationship between force and violence , love and lust , family and acquaintances , this is the book once has to cherish ... In the background there is the violence that even today affects Colombia , with the parties still called by the same names and characterized by the same non-ideology . The violence is perfectly described in its horror , in its non - cause , in its lack of purpose . It is as it existed in Bolivar 's times and as causeless , goal - less but as pervasive as Bolivar described it and lost hope on it . As Bolivar predicted it , the USA is very much in the horizon , as represented by the United Fruit banana plantations and its zero-tolerance for workers unions . Family life with its strengths and excesses is presented here as nowhere else . The beauty of the human being and its nakedness , the difference between cute-ness and attractiveness in women , the enormous ability of women to carry life , and men , in their shoulders , is shown here like nowhere else . This novel easily explains the Nobel Prize of the author , his being such a great prophet in the world more than in his own land , his being consistently denied a visa to the USA , and the almost addiction of the New York Times Book Review to this author and his books . I have not seen any other author from Latin-America , or the Americas for that matter , reviewed so many times as the Colombian , Maestro Gabriel Garcia Marquez .
 If you understand `` house of mirrors '' is the name of the town , and you understand that each generation repeats the errors and mistakes of the past , and Melquiades , and the inventions , and the click-clocking of the bones in the wall , and the magical realism , and the cyclical pattern of the stories , and the corkscrew tail of a pig on a wailing child being carried off into the jungle by ants , you will get this story . There is a reason this book won the Nobel Prize for Literature . This is a book for lovers of literature , for those who search the world for meaning . Amazing . Blinding in its beauty and brilliance . A sheer joy to read .
 Truly this novel is a masterpiece . It tells the story of a family line condemned to live one hundred years of solitude . But this could be anyone , any family because maybe solitude is a human condition , which is what I came away from the novel with.What a brilliant book . The loves and lives of this family are so exquisitely told , fusing magic into everyday life , and it is all tied together by the gypsy Melquiades . Such poetry , such vivid images stick in my imagination , such as the mechanic lover boy who is followed by a cloud of butterflies , and the beautiful woman who lives in a gothic horror house , and the most beautiful woman in the world who ascends to heaven like an angel , and the Colonel who starts wars because of pride , the little gold fishes , the father under an almond tree , babies with pigs tails , the passion and the lack of passion , you have to read this book to understand all of this , and I guarantee it will change your life .
 this captivating book opened my eyes to Magical realism . it made the things that were unreal to reality to things that feel as though it really happened . This novel covers the birth and death of the citym , Macondo , through the eyes of Coloniel Buendia . It has been quite difficult for me to understand certain parts of the novel due to the continuous use of the same name for each generation . Certain events during the novel left me wondering what had happened . Overall , I would recommend this book to any individual who look forward to a eye-opening , magical journey .
 What can I say about this book other than `` read it '' ? It is a beautiful account of a scion of the Buendia family . It describes all sorts of affairs and events in their lives and in the village to which their blood is inextricably related
 I was supposed to read One Hundred Years for a class back in high school but I dropped the class and the book was left unread for years . I went back to it years later when I needed something to read . It actually took me two attempts to read it because the first chapter does n't exactly draw you in.But I 'm glad I gave it a second try because its one of the best books I ever read , folling only to Lord of the Rings , 1984 and perhaps The Unbearable Lightness of Being.One of the things I like about this book is that it does n't seem to have an easily identifiable main character -LRB- which is similar to many of my favourite novels , for example Lord of the Rings and Isaac Asimov 's Foundation novels -RRB- . In other words its more plot than character driven . Its like the family itself is the main character in this one hundred year old story . Also like the two aforementioned novels there are so many characters sometiems its hard to keep track , but its worth it . I like the way magic is referred to in such a matter-of-fact way.The structure of the book is also different ; for me at least the climax seems to be somewhere in the middle of the book and from there the story seems to wind down .
 The absolute best book I 've ever read . After I experienced it for the first time I realized that here was a writer that was saying all the things I 've always felt but in a funnier and truer way than I could ever imagine.The first time I read it I was struck by the humor of the characters and situations . Gabriel Garcia Marquez is so adept at making the most tragic situations laughable I did n't notice the sadness of the characters.But the second time I did see the loneliness , yes , the solitude . I think that 's why Gabo is so good . Unlike most writers he does n't just show the realistic side of life , or the depressing side , or even the funny side . He shows it all . And since he brings magic , death , humor , love , and everything else to his work he creates not just a `` good book '' but a whole world that sometimes seems more real than our own .
 this is most fanstastic book I 've have ever read -LRB- I 've read a lot !!! -RRB- This is the book that everyone should read . Gabo must live forever
 It 's the only word that can describe Gabriel Garcia Marquez ' masterpiece . Just read it and know what it means
 Well , maybe it is not one of the easiest book to read , but if i did it , -LRB- i am an italian who likes to read in english -RRB- i am sure most of you will find it outstanding.The complicate part of this book is to keep track of the people appearing in the plot as usually they have the same name or very similar.I really think it is worth to be read , a really outstanding masterpiece and also with many funny spots !
 This book is by far one of the most beautiful pieces of art ever created . Marquez proves time and again that he is indeed one of the premier Latin writers -LRB- along with Octavio Paz and Carlos Fuentes -RRB- in the world.Each new character that is introduced creates another myriad of images and visuals . I have a feeling that I will forever be searching for Remedios the Beauty . At various times during this novel I felt alternately likescreaming and crying . I will not pontificate on the book but , instead recommend this book to anyone who appreciates a great novel . There is a line towards the end of the novel when a character wonders '' how can manride the coach section of a train and great literature has to ride in the cargo section ? '' , how true !!!
 Mr. Marquez weaves an eloquently flowing tapestry of the lives of one family.Dr . Craig Matherne
 100 Years of Solitude is a must-read for anyone intrested inmagical realism and the beauty of South American literature.It is simply the standard by which all other Latin AmericanNovels will be judged , but putting aside the lofty complimentsfor a moment , 100 Years of Solitude is a necessary journeyfor any reader engaged in the human struggle and the cycle oflife.The novel 's lyricism is as simple as a journey down a calm river , yetas complex as the idea of gravity pulling that water down theriver . It is this lyricism that sets Gabriel Garcia Marquezapart from the other story tellers of his time -- and a storyteller is exactly what Marquez is , a story teller of grandproportions , that will keep you sitting at the fire with himuntil his epic story is complete .
 This is truly a masterpiece . So far it stands as the finest work of fiction I 've ever read . It is a showcase of Garcia Marquez ' talents as one of the finest writers of our time and the ultimate example of magical realism . I can not imagine , if the book translates this well , what it would be like to read 100 Years of Solitude in his native language . Garcia Marquez is a nobel winning author and a must for every reader
 A book well deserving of its critical acclaim.Marquez is the master of weaving plot , character and drama .
 Fascinating , fantastic , and beyond your imagination , One Hundred Years of Solitude is easy to read , easy to grasp , and utterly compelling . A page-turner of the highest calibre , it will keep you glued to its amazing story of one family in a time of myths and magic , bravery and brutality , reality and insanity , war , and wealth and poverty . Everyone will enjoy reading this book . It 's awesome . And truly a world beyond your wildest dreams !!
 In this century-long story of a rural Columbian town , Sr. . Marquez tells of a family whose memorable members , amidst all the glory , prosperity and apparent happiness , in the end stand each alone in life . I think he tells us how our remorse , scars , pride , fear , resignation and forgetfulness lead us to live and die in solitude , even in the sea of humanity , and that such lives are , in the end , as if not having been lived at all , for they will not be remembered.For all of the numerous people who populate the story , the character development is deep and wholly convincing of each joy and suffering , of which the ups and downs are considerable as the tale unfolds . The story is told with a mixture of honesty toward the brutality of Columbian national life , rich fables and superstitions of the locality , and Sr. . Marquez 's own twists of imagination that immensely enrich the experience . The underlining profound themes and the overarching sadness of the story is sprinkled with laugh-out-loud humors and brilliant observations of subtleties of life that reminded me of Milan Kundera , though the context is obviously a world apart.This is one of those stories that , having read , one feels rather exhausted from the emotional upheavals , and needs some time to let it ferment a little . After a while it starts to emit an aroma that challenges one 's conscience with the relevance of what was said . It 's a story-telling at its best from a Columbian national treasure . And the English translation is superb in capturing the tone .
 this is the one . However , my recommendation comes with a caveot . Make sure you have enough time to sit and read it over three of four days . The longer it takes to read , the more of the story and the characters you will forget , the less the book will touch you.One of the toughest english teachers I encountered spoke of buying copies of this book and handing them out to strangers , just on the odd chance it would end up in the hands of someone who would truly appreciate it . The book draws you in with the amazing , intricate , thoughtful , magical history of one family . BUT -- > remember the caveot - if you put it down for a couple of days , it is difficult , borderline impossible to fully emmerse yourself in the story again .
 ` One hundred Years of Solitude ' is not an easy book , make no mistake about it . Or at least it is not an easy book to begin with . However , its mellifluous , dreamlike narrative , and touching appreciation of so many facets of human nature seep into the subconscious as the story of Macondo 's existence unfolds , and I defy anyone to put it down if he or she is patient enough to read the first hundred pages or so.Gabriel Garcia Marquez has created a miniature world in which the inhabitants seem to be afflicted by all the horrors of human society at the same time . The novel is crammed full of so much magical imagery that at times it seems like there is nothing more that the author could have put in , yet the focus is incredibly narrow , concentrating almost exclusively on the fortunes of one incredible family.Ultimately , as Marquez doubtlessly intended , the reader emerges from the final pages as if from a slightly surreal , yet utterly fascinating dream ; to adequately describe a century-worth of history in under 350 pages may seem like an impossible feat , but the author does just that and more at the denouement , by entirely subverting all that has gone before.This book is essential reading for anyone with even the slightest interest in mythology , history , sociology or just good old-fashioned story-telling .
 ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE by Gabriel Garcia MarquezReading and finishing ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE by Nobel Prize winner Gabriel Garcia Marquez was a challenge and a chore . I found myself falling asleep at times , at others I wanted to chuck the book . But as I found myself reading more and more of this classic book , I wanted to finish it and wanted to be able to give an honest critique about one of the most important novels written in the 20th century.Why was this book a chore to read ? Because Marquez chose to write this novel in the rambling style imitating his grandmother , who would tell him stories when he was a child . There are paragraphs that go on forever , and in fact , there is one sentence that went on for two pages . When I got past that 2-page sentence , I almost laughed out loud . Wow!Next thought comes to mind - was this book worth reading ? Yes ! The problem with this book is that one can not just read the first 100 pages and decide `` this is awful '' . Without getting to the end , one will not have the true satisfaction of what the book encompasses , will not understand what the book was about . When I got to that last page , I put the book down and realized I had just finished an epic novel by an author that obviously deserved the Nobel Prize for Literature . The book was indeed pure genius.To sum it up , ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE is an epic story in the birth , life and death of the small fictional town of Macondo in a South American country . It parallels several generations of Buendias . One of many themes that passed through the family was the fear of one of the descendants would be born with the tail of a pig . Incest is one of the themes that runs rampant throughout the book , one of the many funny elements that kept me reading . -LRB- Not to give it away , there is one child that is born with a tail . I 'll leave it to the reader to find out ! -RRB- . Another theme I saw that was obvious by the time I ended the book was reality versus magic realism . While the earlier portions of the history of Macondo was rooted in magic brought to the town by the Gypsies , as one reads further into the story , one encounters realities of war , life and death , and other happenings that this town held as important . A major turning point was the start of the Banana Company and the arrival of the white man . And in turn the people of the town had to deal with unions , and workers benefits . What was so shocking was the cover up of an event that came about from a strike . The fact that the townspeople could believe in the lies the Banana company would say to cover up this event was shocking , yes the townspeople easily believed in flying magic carpets and other mystical happenings . It is true that people will believe what they want to believe , and not necessarily what is the truth.The members of the Buendias family were all larger than life . The Jose Arcadios and the Aureliano 's were the two main male characters , each generation being named for someone in the previous one . Remedios and Amaranta were the common female names , all of them in their own right standing out as someone that was special and unique . Ursula and Jose Arcadios Buendias were the matriarch and patriarch of the family . Ghosts abound ; magic is an every day occurrence . The novel is Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's most famous novel and helped give credit to the genre known as Magic Realism -LRB- other good examples are HOUSE OF THE SPIRITS by Isabelle Allende and THE SECOND DEATH OF UNICA AVEYANO by Ernesto Mestre-Reed -RRB- . This reader gives ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE a five star rating . It is not recommend to those who will not have the patience to read a rambling style of narrative . It is difficult , and often times frustrating . As seen by the many negative reviews on Amazon , mostly by Post-Oprah publication readers , please note that this book is not for everyone . But for those who can appreciate fine world literature , this if for you .
 This novel grabbed me almost immediately , and I was sure it would not let go until I had finished it . Unfortunately , however , it did let go for a while , and even pushed me out sometimes.It begins beautifully with the founding of Macondo , and the visits of the gypsies to that small village . The introductory chapters are bright and uplifting . Unfortunately , near the middle of the book , it slows down tremendously and becomes largely mundane . Particularly when Marquez writes about the wars of Colonel Aureliano Buendia . During these parts , he seems to shift the tone of his writing , which is likely appropriate considering the shift in subject matter , but it just felt flat and dry compared to the beginning of the book . Fortunately , the rest of the novel after the accounts of the wars regains its earlier pace and style.My other complaint is that Marquez used his character names over and over again , and other than a small reference to the cycle of the family curse , there seemed to be little reason to burden the reader with so many Aureliano 's and Jose Arcadio 's . There was Jose Arcadio Buendia , -LRB- 2 -RRB- Jose Arcadio -LRB- s -RRB- , Jose Arcadio Segundo , and Arcadio . Colonel Aureliano Buendia , Aureliano Jose , Aurelianos , Aureliano -LRB- x2 -RRB- , Aureliano Segundo , and even a reference to 17 of Colonel Aureliano Buendia 's offspring all with the first name Aureliano , four of which are introduced as secondary characters . There is even a small amount of repetition in the female character 's names . Whether this name game would have been plausible within the lives of the characters or not does n't matter to me . I never felt that there was a compelling reason for Marquez to burden his readers with the trick.With those complaints aside , it is a great novel . Marquez conveys very well the loneliness felt by his characters . His characters are sometimes unaware of how lonely they are , but Marquez makes their solitude apparent to the reader . Several of the characters are n't fleshed out very well , but the book is n't as much about the characters as it is about the recurring theme of solitude that they experience.Definitely a novel worth reading to gain a feel for Marquez ' mastery of written emotion , but be warned that it is easy to become frustratingly lost in the quagmire of repetitive names . -LRB- Fortunately , there is a simple family tree before the first chapter which helps to clear up some of the seemingly unnecessary confusion with the names . -RRB-
 This is an absolutely amazing book . The most outstanding and unique thing about it is the style -- it 's like the figurative speech and literary imagery that all writers use have suddenly become physically incarnate . When Marquez wants to make a point about a dead character 's lingering presence , he does n't just write some simile about the ghost of the family 's patriarch , but has that ghost sit under a tree , visible to all , for years . You can read into all of the magic that occurs , or you can just appreciate it as a good story . If you want realistic fiction , this is n't for you , but for anyone with a taste for whimsy and even absurdity it 's great . There 's a sense of wonder and joy in the writing , even when the subject matter is n't very cheerful . It 's refreshing , especially since it seems like so much modern English literature is jaded and depressing.This is n't a light book by any means , and maybe its scope is what makes people prefer Love in the Time of Cholera , which is a more narrow story . Personally , I was drawn in from the first page , and found the storytelling style engaging and interestingly nonlinear . It was exciting too -- I was breathless when the civil war began . Yes , the names repeat a lot , but that serves a purpose , and as for the other repetitions , I could n't help smiling every time the Arabs traded macaws . Homer repeated himself a lot too.To conclude , I 'll just say that before reading this , I did n't have a favorite book . Now I do .
 Gabriel Garcia Marquez ' `` One Hundred Years Of Solitude '' is the literary equivalent of a magic carpet ride , your own magic genii come to life , and Shaharazade 's 101 tales wrapped into one brilliant , multilayered epic novel . From page one you will voyage with the most remarkably original cast of characters , through worlds of vibrant color , where the sun shines almost always - when not obscured by a four year downpour . You will find yourself laughing out loud when you are not sobbing in sympathy with someone dying of heartbreak . I do not like to label Sr. . Garcia Marquez ' work `` magical realism . '' There is no label to accurately describe the writing that gifted us with `` One Hundred Years Of Solitude . '' This is a book that defies description . You must read it to experience the fantastically real world of Macondo , and the people who live there . Once you know them , they will be a part of your own world forever . Have you ever looked at a painting , walked into it and become a part of it ? When you open this novel at page one , you are beckoned to enter.Macondo is a mythical South American town , founded , almost by accident , by Jose Arcadio Buendia , and populated primarily by his descendants . This is the story of one hundred years in the life of Macondo and its inhabitants - the story of the town 's birth , development and death . Civil war and natural calamities plague this vital place whose populace fights to renew itself and survive . This is a huge narrative fiction that explores the history of a people caught up in the history of a place . And Marquez captures the range of human emotions and the reasons for experiencing them in this generational tale.There is much that is delightful and comical here . Surprises never cease , whether it be Remedios ascending , or a man whose presence is announced by clouds of butterflies . There is satire , sexuality and bawdiness galore . But there is also a pervading sadness and futility that permeates throughout . Cruelty is a reality in Marquez ' world , as are failure , despair and senseless , sudden violence . The plot is filled with passion , poetry , romance , tragedy and the echoes of the history of Colombia and Latin America.I first read `` One Hundred Years Of Solitude '' in 1968 , while living in Latin America . I have read it 2 or 3 times over the years , always picking up new pieces of wonder that I had previously missed . This is my favorite novel , and I am an avid reader . My favorite fictional character is Melquiades , the gypsy who foretells the future of the township and whose ghost accompanies the reader until there is no more to read . Having read this in Spanish and English , I must laud Gregory Rabassa 's extraordinary translation which faithfully brings to life not only Marquez ' story , but his lyrical prose . This is one of the 20th Century 's best works of fiction . It is a masterpiece not to be missed.JANA
 The best way for me to describe this book is that it 's a very long folklore tale . That seems to be the simplest discription of Magical Realism . You can hear it in your head , being passed down between the generations . Each chapter feels like it represents one story that is told at one sitting ; they compound on each other to make this wonderful story complete.The fantastic elements of this story take on mythic qualities ; explaining those things in the world that seem to be unexplainable without the notion of some kind of spiritual intervention . The characters in the book , as well as the reader , must have faith that these explanations are true or else the story is nothing but a passionate fable.Be prepared when reading this book
 I loved this book although I admit that I was confused a lot while reading it . I choose it for my book club and purchased an audio tape - I think I got it from amazon.com - that really helped me make sense of it . Everybody in my club hated it-several were forced to read it in college and did n't want to read it again . I was captivated by the magical realism and the idea of the perpetual cycle of life . I 'm surprised Oprah selected it - it is really difficult . I also read Love in the Time of Cholera and thought it was much easier to read . Marquez is an author everyone who loves reading should attempt . If you can just stop insisting on instant gratification and keep on reading even it it does n't make sense and even if you ca n't keep track of all the characters-just keep on reading and let the story get into your blood . It truly is magical .
 When I first picked up this book the mother in this novel reminded me of my Grandmother . In Ursula I could see my Grandmother 's strength , the way she held our family together , and her ability to carry on through what would kill normal people . The vast amount of well drawn out characters and sheer beauty of Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's masterpiece lets you feel as if you have drifted into these people 's lives . You live through their joys and their sorrows.Marquez is so phenomenally talented in his writing . He makes it feel so natural to follow various characters through their escapades and the `` magical '' events that happen to them . The funny thing about this is that it took me almost a year to read this book . I 'm not entirely sure why , it was almost as if I slowly absorbed the novel over time . When I finally closed the book for the last time I was almost sad that the whole adventure was over.This was a joy to read , I ca n't wait to read it again , hopefully I wo n't take a year to read it the next time around .
 `` One Hundred Years of Solitude , '' by Gabriel Garcia Marquez , is an undeniable landmark in Latin American literature . The book , which has been translated into English by Gregory Rabassa , is the multigenerational saga of the Buendia family and the town of Macondo . Garcia Marquez narrates decades of love , death , war , socio-economic activism , incest , and politics in the lives of a large cast of characters.I must admit , I did n't find `` 100 Years '' to be as satisfying or as engaging as some of GGM 's other works -LRB- in particular , the gripping `` Story of a Shipwrecked Sailor '' and the wonderful `` Of Love and Other Demons , '' both of which I recommend with great enthusiasm -RRB- . I think `` 100 Years '' is in some ways comparable to `` Paradiso , '' by Cuba 's Jose Lezama Lima
 This book can be one of the most confusing and frustrating book that I have ever read . Even though I agree that Marques does earn the Nobel Prize , the structure of the book itself is still complicated . One of the pains during reading this book is to follow the history of the generations . Once you read the family tree in the front of the book , you & iexcl ; ll realize that the entire Buendia family shares the same name , either Jose or Aureliano . Another Obstacle that I have to overcome with while reading this book is try to follow the generations . For example , the writer might be talking about the 2nd generation in the Buendia family , then suddenly jumps into the 1st family to talk about the history . By having the same names , it really did make me read this entire book two times to understand it.The book itself should be categorized into the magic realism category . When I first read this book , I couldn & iexcl ; t understand how its magic realism is shown , but later on in the book , it still eventually made sense . The first part of the book is basically introducing the family of Buendia to the readers , then it goes on with how the Buendia family experiences events that they had never experienced . The ending of the book is quite miraculous through simple description . After reading this book , I would definitely encourage more people reading this award winning book .
 I guess it is different for a native Spanish speaker ... I just get lost in translation sometimes , maybe it 's just me but it just changes the meaning of things , perception , and how it describes situations . But hey I 'm no book reader , I just got it because I like the front cover .
 First I have read this book when I was 30 . 20 years latter I am still like to read it over and over . Every time it is different . Every time there is something new and enlighten .
 as i began reading this , i was surprised by the writing style . it is written in heavy prose , with very little dialogue . it looks daunting then , when you open up the book to any page and you see full paragraphs , as if it were one massive essay . i suppose it makes sense , considering that roughly one hundred years is being covered in less than 500 pages . its as if everything is written as a story being told.it is in fact a story of recollection , one that unfolds magically through the words of marquez in the city of macondo and the buendia family . the writing is mystical and poetic , with some of the most beautiful language , particularly in the last 30 pages or so . i had a difficult time finding my way into the story , but now that i 'm done , i 'm so glad i read it.one of the quotes on the back of the book stuck with me throughout the reading
 One Hundred Years of Solitude is said to be a work so wonderful , It should be required reading for the entire human race , and I must say I completely agree . The novel follows the progression of the Buenida family and Macondo , the town that grows along with the people in it . As I read I felt as if I was with the family and was experiencing the same things the town was going through . Garcia Marquez 's magical realism and writing style make this novel one of a kind.My favorite thing through out the novel was the magical realism that was always evident . I think this gives the novel its own special touch . I also enjoyed Garcia Marquez 's writing style and method . Seen in this novel , as in many other works of Latin American literature is the ever present circle of fate that exists within the lives of every one . If you do n't respect and learn from history , it will come back and to get you , repeat itself , and normally have negative consequences.On thing I noticed throughout One Hundred Years of Solitude were the similarities between this novel and The House of the Spirits by Isabel Allende . Both follow generations of a family as they grow and change . They touch on the political situations of the time adding an interesting connection to reality.Overall , I feel that this novel is one of the best I have read so far . I would recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a life changing novel .
 This book was good , but at some times it was hard to follow . This novel was difficult to keep straight . It run the gauntlet from comedy to tragedy and love to death to war and everything in between witch made it very emotional . This book was also a kind of history textbook witch is ok if history is in your blood but it is not in mine . Irregardless it was emotionally satisfing . But it could have been improved if it could have been simplified . When you finish the book , do n't be surprised to find yourself stepping out of a dream and back into the real world . Only in the mind of the master can a wounded arm turn into a field of butterfiles . If you like this book , you might want to try Marquez 's new autobiography .
 Absolutely loved it . Vivid and full of creativity , if anyone wants to read a good book I definetly recommend it . Actually not a hard book to read , but it should not be read in a hurry either .
 A mythical town in South America -LRB- Macondo -RRB- is the setting for an intergenerational history , pervaded by pathos , sexuality , and the dark comedy of futility . This is the chronicle of the Aureliano dynasty
 Marquez book 's have always amazed me , the way he has to transport you through the pages of the book to a world full of imaginative , mystery , laughs , its a book to read more than one time . Highly recommended .
 I 'm not really a classic reader . . but after hearin a lot bout this modern classic . . n finally layin my hands on it , i read a book that 's very differently written.It was the first garcia i read , and it just leaves you amazed not only with the style and manner of writing but also with the ease with which the author implants each character in your head ... even with the same repetitive names and similar shades , each character stands out.man 's peculiar nature , his acts in love , war and solitude encapsulate your mind.You can imagine the village and the book play 's like a movie in your mind . . it 's only at certain points in the read you realise that macando is a fictitious village.The narration is excellent and the retrospection done by the various characters of how their lives have passed gives the life to the book.You laugh n grieve at the same insatant.Towards the end , you have a mixture of feelings , but you still need to tell urself `` hey , this isnt real ''
 What a journey and what fun . You will regret when it is over .
 The brilliant prose and mind of Gabriel Garcia Marquez is summed up neatly in this tome about a historical city and its inhabitants . Perhaps the finest example of magic realism in the novel form , this book is filled with brilliant and wonderfully evocative events and ideas . If you can get past the endless Buendia 's in the book with the same name , you will love it to death . Feed your mind on some real , time-worthy literature .
 This novel is an amazing work , which once I had started , I was unable to put it down . It is a long read , but definitely worth the time it takes . The author does an amazing job in his depiction of the characters , giving us the feeling that we are seeing all of humankind on the page in front of us . Macondo is a fictional town which goes through a metamorphoses in the space of 100 years , and in that time , we see a basic outline of all of human history . The book is rather ambiguous in many places , and the fact that five or six different characters have the same name can become confusing . But all in all , this is a wonderful book , which basically shows us a portrait of human reality .
 I 've read my share of books in my lifetime and I could n't exactly say what the 10 greatest books I 've ever read are . But I can say with certainty that `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' is absolutely one of those books . I was fortunate that I knew nothing about this book before I started reading so I had no preconceived notions about it . What unfolded within those pages was a uniquely imaginative masterpiece that I never expected .100 years of the Buendia family in the mythical South American town of Macando told in a magical realism tale does n't begin to explain the essence of magnificent novel . Magical realism is best not explained but experienced by reading `` One Hundred Years of Solitude . '' I would implore everyone who has n't done so already to add this masterpiece to their repertoire of greatest novels read .
 One fascinating aspect that I just had to keep telling my husband about was the fact that the author would describe a scene that just could not be real -LRB- a magic carpet ride through a dusty town -RRB- as if it were real . These people are perfectly normal , intelligent , funny , interesting people set in a seemingly real town . They are amazed by dry ice . Things like this are totally believable . And then , wham , a magic carpet ride . It 's amazing . It 's presented so straightforwardly that you begin to wonder , could that be real , too?Like the ghost ? Or the chaining up of father to the tree in the courtyard ? All of these things have elements of reality to them , particularly having to pay a fee to ride on the carpet.It 's an amazing book full of conflict , family war , bitterness , joy , strange bedfellows , love , babies , more babies , and babies who nobody knows who the daddy is.I read it and Oprah did n't tell me to read it either . If you want a good book , this is a good book . I would like to try it in Spanish some day .
 I believe it 's necessary to have some background in Spanish , Spanish American literature and Gabriel Garcia Marquez to truly comprehend the magnificence of this book . After reading the entire Don Quijote de la Mancha in Spanish for a college course , I actually thanked God that I decided to major in Spanish . I read Cien Anos de Soledad -LRB- One Hundred Years of Solitude -RRB- twenty years later and I had the same reaction . For me , it is the masterpiece of the twentieth century .
 I think I experienced the ultimate reading sensation when approaching this book . I had just come back from Spain and my Spanish was pretty good , so I decided to read it in English and Spanish at the same time . Since there was no facing page edition -LRB- like Pinsky 's Inferno translation of Dante which is the best of both possible worlds -RRB- , I had to buy a Spanish copy and an English copy . For the first half , I read the English first and then the Spanish chapters , but for the latter half , I was warmed up enough to read the Spanish chapter first and then the English . The effort is well worth it in any language . Rabassa -LRB- a Dartmouth alum , my alma mater -RRB- is a great translator and does justice to this magnificant work . The reader who said that he dogeared the genealogy page is correct -- once you can keep the different generations straight , you are well on your way to being drawn into the magical world . Not only is it a great novel in its own right , it 's mandatory reading because so many authors -LRB- and not just Latin American ones -RRB- use his magic realism style . Some of my personal favorite authors like Murakami and Jonathan Carroll borrow liberally from this style , sometimes not even consciously . Marquez paved the way for scores of Latin American writers , put Latin American literature on the map and influenced huge numbers of other writers as well . I loved every moment of the experience of reading this book -- the ending is so shockingly good that it 's worth committing the last page to memory .
 If I could have chosen one gift to bring with me , ... to sing like Sinatra , to dance like Astaire , to paint like Manet , or to putt like Tiger , it would have been , ... to write like Gabriel Garcia Marquez .
 If you are into magic realism , actually South American surrealism - this book will captivate you.The best book I have ever read , and I did read some.The only problem is that you are going to become a Marquez addict in no time . Otherwise - you will not be disappointed .
 This is a great work of fiction that is somewhat difficult to follow in the beginning but worth reading .
 This is the only piece of literature that I have read , re-read & keep in my personal library ! I am more a fan of textbooks & historical books , but this is a great read ! It 's true that the 1st time you read it , you might struggle a bit to keep all of the similarly-named characters straight , but a 2nd reading takes care of that ! The magical realism is presented perfectly throughout and in the end you feel a real sense of admiration for this family .
 This may be my favorite book of all time ! The title is almost ironic because the last hundred pages forced me into a delicious solitude as I was completely caught up in the characters ' story . GGM 's writing is fluid , artistic , mesmerizing and real . While the story , admittedly , took a while to get in to - there is a point in the last third when it picks up and grabs the reader unexpectedly into its clutches and you simply can not stop reading . A gorgeous story , painted simply and majestically .
 I 'm giving this book 5 stars simply because I really liked it . It got a bit slow in the middle , and a little confusing because many of the characters have the same name -LRB- because they are from the same family -RRB- , but ultimately the book was insightful and intriguing . The ending was especially on point and really brought all of the sweeping events of the book together.The book deals with many themes , but perhaps my favorite was the notion of the cyclical nature of time . The ending really drives this point to the core .
 This book is one of the most beautifully photographed I 've seen in years . Not only did it inspire me to stay in the Villa Gallici when I was in France over the Christmas holidays , but I have spent hours poring over the gorgeous pictures , finding inspiration for the decor of my new house.One great drawback of the book is that it does n't include a map of France at the front or back , showing where the hotels are located . -LRB- My boyfriend is French , and even he did n't know some of the towns where the hotels are situated . -RRB-
 I bought this book for my designer husband because of the architecture and interior design of the hotels . He loved it . As the travel planner of the family I found myself reading about the hotels and areas we have n't visited yet , and was inspired to vary our usual French holidays to include some of the hotels in the book . If the rates in the book are fairly accurate , many of the hotels are accessible to most travelers or within reason for a splurge stay . I would have liked more and bigger photos of some places like La Columbe d'Or , but generally the descriptions and photos were interesting as well as attractive . This is not a Fromer 's guide or hotel guide but a glimpse of some of the more interesting places to stay in France .
 Hi . We got the Valentine 's Day -LSB- money -RSB- round trip air fare to Brussels on SAS and were looking for a place to stay in the Champagne region of France . We used this book to find Les Champs des Oiseaux in Troyes , France . Since we were traveling with a 2 year old , I wrote the hotel in advance to find a room where we would n't disturb other guests if Luke had jet lag and wanted to play at 2 am . They identified this suite for us -LRB- only -LSB- money -RSB- per night -RRB- , and it was perfect . We stayed 4 nights and did n't want to leave .
 Mr. Ypma is a gifted photographer and a careful writer - a rare combination . Great selection of hotels . It is the perfect coffee table version of cool new online services such as the great `` tablethotels.com ''
 A truly beautiful , excellent book.Essentially perfect . The year 's coolest coffee table book.A must have for any Franocphile or lover of hotels or design.There are four in the series -LRB- such as `` Hip Hotels - City '' -RRB- . `` France '' is the most beautiful and personal one , a super achievement by the author.Bravo .
 Being very new to the Atlanta area , I needed some help finding my way around and knowing where to shop for what . This book eased my transition , and more than paid for itself .
 I do n't really collect this sort of stuff but I loved this book because it brought back my childhood buying Beverly Hillbillies viewmaster sets , Charlie 's Angels puzzles , etc. . Contains hundreds of color photos of all sorts of merchandise
 i love i
 This book is very good for a collector of TV Memoralbilia.It also shows the top shows of each year . -LRB- 60 's -70 's -RRB- This book has almost every TV show.They show wonderful color pictures of the items , and if an item is not shown it is listed.And the price is included.I recomend this book to an collector of tv
 Eat Away Diabetes is extremely well researched and superbly written ! Taking complex subject matter , the author uses practical explanations and analogies , thereby making diabetes much easier to understand . The information is current and extremely useful for people with Type 2 diabetes and those working to prevent this potentially devastating -LRB- but preventable -RRB- disease . Numerous charts and sidebars are used throughout which serve as excellent references in my practice as a registered dietitian . The author emphasizes the importance of exercise at length and explains the roles of fiber , fat , carbohydrates , protein , vitamin/mineral supplementation , and herbs . Ms. Napier also provides 28 days of menus and their accompanying recipes -LRB- which are healthy , creative , and tasty -RRB- . This book will remain a useful resource in my professional practice and daily life ! Thank you , Kristine Napier !
 Kristine Napier is obviously an authority on diabetes as well as a nutritionist -- and we could probably cure a national epidemic -LRB- Type 2 diabetes -RRB- if we would all follow the advice in this book . But this is n't like one of those health books that preaches all kinds of impossible advice . It 's filled with really simple recipes . The ones I 've tried are easy to make , and taste delicious . It 's food for kids as well as adults . At last , we 've got a book on the kitchen shelf that we can trust completely .
 As the former editor of a national consumer health publication , I know that not many people know how to translate reams of scientific data into clear and simple language . Kris Napier has that gift , and in Eat Away Diabetes she makes excellent use of it . The opening chapters offer a clear appraisal of scientific thinking about nutrition , demolishing many fashionable ideas about what we should or should n't eat . She explains the concepts behind healthy eating and illustrates them with overall menu plans and 100 pages of delicious-sounding recipes . People newly diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes often complain that no one talks to them enough . This book provides the counseling that busy health care providers may not have time for , and does it with in the down-to-earth language of a knowledgeable friend offering advice and sharing favorite recipes over a cup of tea .
 I am so thrilled to find a book that helps me understand diabetes , how food affects my blood sugars , and what to put on my plate each and every day . I am also excited that the menus are n't the typical sugar-free , cardboard tasting food -- they are really , really good . If you have diabetes , or someone in your family does , or you are at risk for diabete and want to prevent , you must read this book . Thank you , Kris Napier , for changing my life .
 Type 2 diabetes is a national epidemic . Lifestyle changes , including diet and exercise , are necessary to prevent complications -LRB- heart disease , stroke , vascular disease , blindness -RRB- in those with Type 2 diabetes and prevent the disease from occurring in those at high risk . Medical advice regarding diet often leaves patients confused and therefore unable to follow their advice . Kristine Napier defines Type II diabetes and the steps needed to control this disease in a way that is easy to understand . She provides advice and examples to help the reader incorporate her guidelines into their everyday life . Her 28 day guide of menus will help those get started and as always , Kris 's recipes are easy to follow and delicious . Last , but not least of importance , is that all of Kris 's advice is based on scientific evidence and conforms to national guidelines .
 As a Cardiac Counselor/Behavioral Health Specialist , I have been searching for a well-written and comprehensive book on Type 2 Diabetes . Many of my cardiac clients have the additional challenge of dealing with this serious complication . Kristine Napier 's new book , `` Eat Away Diabetes , '' not only provided an excellent overview of the disease itself , but delicious recipes that help people to become active in beating their diabetic diagnosis.I have both professionally and personally seen the damage that Type 2 Diabetes can do to a client 's health . Two of my uncles had heart disease , bypass-surgery and eventually lost toes/legs due to Type 2 Diabetes . Kris ' book provides the reader with tried and true recipes that enable people to eat well while protecting their hearts and managing their diabetes . There is even a dessert section with yummy entries such as Berry Fresh Cheese Cake and Chocolate Silk Mousse!As a professional who believes in holistic health and bibliotherapy , I am pleased to have a book with interesting recipes that I can now recommend to my clients . It is very reader and user friendly . I recommend it highly !
 I have been to SO many doctors and diabetes educators , but nowhere have I found such helpful hints and great recipes all in 1 place . I have tried a number of them in the last few weeks and they taste great and best of all , I am feeling much better.Thank you Ms. Napier ! I will spread the word !
 I read this book , now I will never have type 2 diabetes Thanks I owe you one Kristine . Everyone in the world should own a copy of this book ! Its great !!!
 Nothing could be more overwhelming than making arrangements for your elderly parents in a time of crisis . Long-term Planning for Your Parents is a easy to read guide for families who are planning ahead or those who need to make informed decisions quickly about long term health care/living arrangements . What makes this booklet unique is its focus on the emotional issues that your family will be facing when trying to make end of life decisions for your parents . Long-term Caring for Your Parents includes information on talking about money , negotiating the health care and government bureacracy , and dealing with family dynamics . The booklet contains practical tips , resources for more information , and a place to write notes and do research . I would recommend this booklet for parents and adult children , work/family resource professionals , and companies who provide resources for their employees on balancing work and family .
 I read so much , but I feel like I am behind the times.Ergo , everything I say will be behind the curve and derivative.Thus , I present you with the haiku about this book : Assassins are armedwith more than a blade
 Pratchett once again shows his ability to use comedy to make a social statement . I love his disc world books and Men at Arms was not a disappointment . If you have been unfortunate enough to not visit this wonderful world filled with magic , wizards , and an occasional god then take the opportunity . The books do n't need to be read in order but some of the characters make multiple appearances . You will fall in love with the place and the people . I find myself a little sad each time I finish a book . Pratchett has the ability to give you a well written story that mixes humor with drama and even an occasional love story . His books would fall under fantasy and can be read by teenagers as well as adults . I highly recommend this book as well as others .
 This story was a bit slow at the beginning , but once it got started , it was an excellent read . Perhaps my second favorite Pratchett book behind Good Omens .
 When last we left our intrepid Ankh-Morpork Night Watch , things were looking up . This is a nice change from the gutter 's - eye-view we had at the beginning of Guards ! Guards ! . Things have changed in the time between books . The Watch has a new headquarters , much nicer than its old one , thanks to Lady Sibyl Ramkin , the fiance of Captain Sam Vimes . She comes from an ancient and respectable family , has more money than anyone else in the city , and loves Vimes despite his deep-seated curmudgeonliness , if that is a word.What 's more , the Watch is taking on new recruits , as ordered by the Patrician . Ankh-Morpork is a city with a very diverse population , and the Patrician believes that the Watch should reflect that diversity . Now we have a Watch open to anyone - trolls , dwarfs , the undead , apes , women - who wants to join , or who does n't want to get their heads beaten in . Carrot Ironfoundersson has become a beloved figure in the city - he knows everyone and everyone knows him . All in all , things are looking up.But there are those who are of a mind that things would be better if only Ankh-Morpork had a king ... This is a recurring theme in the early Watch books - the irrational need for royalty . Although , that 's not entirely accurate . Pratchett is a British writer , of course , and he 's got the Queen to look up to , but she does n't have all that much real power . Certain people in Ankh-Morpork are looking for a sovereign - not to wave at them and make a Hogswatch speech , but to actually take over their city . They hope , in their hearts , that a king will solve everything . In that way , this recurring theme is not so much about royalty versus populism , but rather the ability to control one 's own life versus allowing someone else to control it for you . The idea that one has responsibility for one 's own actions and well-being is dominant in the Guards books , no more so than in this one.There is a man named Edward d'Eath , and he has a vision . He is the last of an aristocratic line whose power has declined in this age of guilds and merchants . He looks to the past and sees it as better , brighter than the future . He knows that , if he can just do one little thing , Ankh-Morpork - and he - will be restored to glory . That one little thing , of course , is to put a king on the throne.Not just any king , of course . The fools who thought to use a dragon to set up a puppet king showed how ineffectual that would be . No , this would only work with a real king , a descendant of the ancient kings of Ankh-Morpork . Find him , put him on the throne , and everything will finally be set straight.Of course , that does n't work out nearly as well as Edward hopes . He steals a mysterious artifact to set his plan in motion - a weapon of such power and danger that the Assassins refuse to use it , and keep it on display as a message
 The Night Watch is called into action to investigate a long distance killing machine and along the way we are reminded under what circumstances trolls can be geniuses , the ways of talking dogs and werewolves , and the true king of Ankh-Morpork . Like most of the Nightwatch stories in Pratchett 's series , MEN AT ARMS is a great time for all ; where we find the gruff and angry Vimes preparing to retire and then being thrust into what might prove to be his last investigation . This one has enough action , comedy and even the death of a copper to add a bit of pathos -LRB- Not too much however , as the deceased 's responses to DEATH 's inquiries are very funny -RRB- to satisfy any fan of the series .
 I 've been working my way through the Discworld series in the order of publication , and I must admit the City Watch novels are among my favorites . In `` Men at Arms '' , Pratchett does a great job of transforming the rag-tag group of night watchmen into another Ankh-Morpork institution . I really enjoyed following Vimes and Carrot as they conducted their investigation , and the introduction of our new watch ... people ... promises more enjoyment in future installments.Above all , I enjoy Pratchett 's ability to blend humorous fiction with poignant social commentary . Though some of these books are over a decade or two old , and perhaps written to juxtapose some then-current event or social dilemma , his novels have that lasting quality that makes them apt regardless of today 's world issues . Even today we have problems with gun control and violence , and with this novel Pratchett does what he does best - pokes fun at everyone on all sides.This definitely ranks in my top 5 of the series to this point .
 This is probably among the best Diskworld books Pratchett has written . It has it all
 So many discworld novels , so little time . I love them all , but my favorites , at the moment , are the Watch Novels . Anyone who enjoys humor in their life should read Terry Pratchett . Enough said .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book . Of course , I 've thoroughly enjoyed every Discworld book except the very first , so that was n't very surprising . However , one thing that made this book especially enjoyable is that it is the introduction of one of my favorite recurring characters , Angua.Men at Arms is a Watch book , and I always particularly enjoy them because the Watch is full of such colorful characters . In this book we are also introduced to Detruis , the troll who 's really smart when it 's cold and really stupid when it 's hot . Unfortunately , Ank-Morpork is almost always hot.As usual for Discworld novels , Men at Arms is full of satire , poking fun at everything from monarchy to violence to racism -LRB- or in this case , specism -RRB- . The thought `` Guns do n't kill people ; people kill people '' is turned on its head when the gonne takes over the mind of it 's wielder , making him kill people at random . It talks to whoever is holding it and even fires itself on occasion.The book starts out with new recruits to the watch being trained . Cuddy -LRB- a Dwarf -RRB- , Detrius -LRB- a Troll -RRB- , and Angua -LRB- both Werewolf and a woman -RRB- provide comic relief throughout the book as they attempt to adjust to the different procedures of the Night Watch.The real story , however , is the gonne that has gone missing just a day before Captain Vimes is scheduled to retire -LRB- he 's marrying Lady Sibyl -RRB- . Of course , Vimes has to find the gun and the culprit who is using it . Vetinari tells him not to , but that only makes him more determined . After all , he is a policeman ; solving crimes is his job.As with all Discworld books , the best part of Men at Arms is the characters rather than the story . The story itself is all right , but it is the crazy character-extremely literal and valiant Carrot , hulking and slow Detrius , very odd but strangely loveable Nobby , Gaspode the talking dog , and stubborn and determined Vimes-that make the story . Without them , it would n't be nearly as funny or enjoyable.Pratchett has a knack for weaving stereotypes into believable , loveable characters , and it shows in this book . Carrot , the long lost king , is brave , valiant , noble , and honest . However , he 's also managing to adapt to life in Ank-Morpork . While he does n't lie , he does n't ever tell the whole truth . Detrius is big and slow and stupid , but get him in cold weather and he 's extremely smart . Every main character personifies a stereotype and then takes it further , turning it around and making it real and comical.This is definitely one of Pratchett 's more amusing books . I would recommend it to anyone who 's looking for a humorous read and all Pratchett fans .
 I have all the Pratchett books , but this by far is the best of the bunch . Humourous , touching , clever , witty and highly readable this seems to be the peak of the discworld books . The Watch works well as a basis for the story , the members are developed into people , -LRB- or not as the case may be haha ! -RRB- along with a few usual suspects , and the whole thing flows . After this i started to feel that the books were very same-ish , and lacked originality , but i have to say that Men at Arms will always be the one i recommend to people .
 Unlike the Hitchhiker 's Trilogy from the late Douglas Adams , Terry Pratchett 's Discworld books have managed to stay fresh and original through not a mere five , but 27 installments . The reason for this , I think , is that Pratchett uses the format to its fullest potential , creating several groups of characters that he visits time and again , never having any single group act as the star of the entire series , and using it to tackle diverse subjects without ever repeating himself . `` Men at Arms '' is the second Discworld book to focus on Captain Vimes and the men -- um ... humans ... er ... beings -- of the Ankh-Morpork City Watch -LRB- the first being `` Guards ! Guards ! '' -RRB- and it has firmly cemented these characters as my favorite recurring heroes in the Discworld universe.Time is running out for Captain Sam Vimes -- because he 's getting married . Furthermore , his beloved night watch is being tampered with by higher-ups calling for `` greater diversity '' in the hirings , forcing him to welcome trolls , dwarfs and women into the group . To make matters worse , someone has stolen a strange new weapon from the assassin 's guild and is using it to kill people . Vimes , Carrot , Nobby and the gang have to find the murderer and save the day.Funny , yes , but also particularly poignant in light of recent events in the Washington D.C. area . I read this book a few months ago , before the unpleasantness began ... this may be just the thing to help you cope .
 hollywood take notice !! a movie idea like this only comes along once a century . i have read nearly half of the discworld novels and each one has been better than the last . i would be hard pressed to pick a favorite , but men at arms would be up there among the top . great characters , excellent plot twists , and a host of unforgetable one-liners . but what impressed me the most as i read each page was what a great movie men at arms would make . i could almost see a cgi created acting constable detritus . if you are new to the discworld series make men at arms your next read .
 In my opinion Men at Arms is the best of the Watch novels . It was a great sequel to Guards , Guards and I really looked forward to reading it at the time . I enjoyed the introduction of the new members in the Watch since it gave the book a bit more variety . The plot between Carrot and Angua was also intriguing at the time . Im a big fan of Terry in general but the Watch -LRB- Commander Vimes in particular -RRB- hold a special place in my heart . Keep up the good work Terry , your doing a great job .
 Pratchett 's Discworld novels are consistently amusing , often touching , and brilliantly creative . Men At Arms manages to be all these things and more ... The misfit Night Watch we met in Guards , Guards ! Is in danger of becoming almost respectable . Carrot and Sgt. Colon have new recruits of all shapes and sizes . Captain Vimes is retiring to become a respectable gentleman as Sybil Ramkin 's husband . What could go wrong ... Well , this IS Ankh-Morpork , a city so corrupt that if the gods took vengeance on it , no one would notice . Things get complicated when an exploding swamp dragon , a mysterious invention , warring guilds , and an assasin who is NOT killing for pay send the city into more turmoil than usual . Who can save the day ? It 's up to the flattest of flatfoots in the Night Watch , and their new recruits to set the city right , or at least not so wrong.There is the usual Pratchett wordplay and humor , as well as the thoughtful emotional interplays he has developed over the years . There 's also an interesting mystery at the center of the whole piece , and some of his most interesting characters trying to deal with it . There are also some scenes of real poignance and heart that will make you think , and make you feel.If you have n't read Discworld , read Guards , Guards ! , and then this novel . You 'll be glad you did !
 Terry Pratchett has done it again ! `` Men At Arms '' offers a laughable look at some of the biggest problems facing our world today . Prejudice , crime , anarchy , and segregation are all addressed in his unique , farcical style . This is what parody is all about ! Join Corporal Carrot and the rest of the Night Watch as they encounter Trolls , Dwarves , a talking dog and gargoyles in a search for a murderer and a `` gonne . '' You 'll never look at the world the same way again
 Captain Sam Vimes of the Ankh-Morpork City Watch is retiring and getting married in a few days . But an explosion at the Assassins ' Guild attracts his interest , and soon a trail of bodies is forming . The Guilds do n't want his help , the Patrician has ordered him to lay off and his fellow Watch members seem more concerned about the new intake of ethnic minorities -LRB- Lance-Corporal Cuddy of the dwarfs and Lance-Corporal Detritus of the trolls -RRB- than the mystery . But somewhere in Ankh-Morpork a killer is on the loose with a very powerful new weapon ... Men at Arms is the second Discworld novel to focus on the City Watch , introduced in the classic Guards ! Guards ! As told in that volume , the City Watch saved the city from a marauding dragon and at the end of the book the Watch gained fresh resources from a grateful city government . However , it is still regarded as a joke , as Men at Arms makes clear.Pratchett once again uses the cliches and ideas of police procedurals to generate humour and satire , although this volume is much more of a hard-bitten -LRB- in some cases , literally -RRB- mystery novel . Sam Vimes is portrayed as the cynical , weathered old cop doggedly pursuing his case in the face of all opposition , whilst Corporal Carrot is his enthusiastic young sidekick . Of course , that would be a bit too cheesy , so Pratchett subverts this idea earlier on and takes the story in a more interesting and original direction.The city of Ankh-Morpork comes to life in this book more successfully than in any prior volume , to the extent that Pratchett 's playwright and friend Stephen Briggs was able to use information in this book -LRB- and the prior ones -RRB- to map the city so everything tracked and made sense -LRB- the results can be found in the spin-off product , The Streets of Ankh-Morpork -RRB- . The city 's ethnic make-up , the political structure of the guilds and the office of the Patrician are all portrayed convincingly . In addition , Pratchett aims high with his characterisation , with the most affecting death of a Discworld character to date and some brilliant development for Carrot and Vimes . There is even a reasonably well-portrayed romance and some -LRB- tastefully off-screen -RRB- sex , a first for the series . Men at Arms is Discworld aimed at a slightly maturer level than arguably any of the previous books bar Small Gods.Which is n't to say that Pratchett does n't bring the funny . The Colon/Nobbs double-act is excellent , the return of Gaspode the Wonder Dog -LRB- from Moving Pictures , but much better-utilised here -RRB- is genuinely funny and there is some fantastic material to be mined from the Cuddy/Detritus relationship.Men at Arms -LRB- ***** -RRB- is Pratchett yet again firing on all cylinders , delivering a novel that is by turns brilliantly funny , genuinely thought-provoking and consistently entertaining . The novel is available now in the UK and USA .
 There 's something to be said for reading a series in chronological order , but it seems somehow more in the spirit of Discworld to just read them however they come to hand . This one features the Night Watch -LRB- my favorite sub-series -RRB- on the cusp of becoming the reorganized and expanded City Watch . Carrot is presently a corporal and trolls and dwarfs are just being added to the roster in the spirit of affirmative action . Captain Sam Vimes is facing both imminent retirement and imminent marriage to Lady Sybil Ramkin , both of which have put him into a strange state of mind . And on top of all that , there has been a mysterious series of murders of guild members , committed with an unknown weapon . Carrot , a six-foot-tall adopted dwarf , gets a lot of play this time , with special attention to his special talent
 The discworld series is by far one of the most hilarious series I have ever had the privlege to experience . I have read pretty much all of the books in this series , and I love them all to death . If your new to the series , you dont have to read the books in order , but it does help in order to fully experience some of the character ties , growths , and extremely bizzare happenings.Men at Arms is the second book featuring the Watch , the first being Guards ! Guards ! , another excellent book . I absolutely love the characters in this book , and both the humor and the plot is very entertaining.So pick up this book and the rest of the series , and you 'll soon be a Discworld lover like me .
 This book is one my favorite and , I believe , one of the best of Pratchett 's Discworld Series . I can say it in one word
 This book is the best ! It is one of my favorite Discworld books . Terry Pratchett is a brilliant writer and I personally reccomend any of his books . If any book has his name on it , you can be sure it will be one of the best -LRB- or funniest -RRB- books you have ever read . This book in particular is hilarious !
 Okay . As a quick synopsis , the Ankh-Morpork City Guard -LRB- Night Watch -RRB- are having to deal with a very new and very , very nasty weapon . And this is a Bad Thing -LRB- TM -RRB- because the Night Watch in its entirety consists of a human who was raised as a dwarf , a dwarf with a nasty temper , a werewolf who holds long conversations with dogs , a really fat idiot , a recovering drunk , a troll who knocks himself unconscious whenever he tries to salute , and a. . well , we have n't quite worked out * what * Nobby is yet.This is n't exactly a * mystery * , per se , not in the same way that , say , The Fifth Elephant or Feet of Clay are , because we have a fair idea pretty early on of what the weapon we 're facing actually is , even if the Night Watch do n't . My personal favorite scene is the one starting in the sewers where Vimes gets the . . um . . probably should n't say it here . . anyway . I also like the bits with Leonard , especially when Vetinari 's talking to him about the Watch and starts comparing people to clockwork -LRB- `` And sometimes you have to wind the spring as tight as it will go , and pray it does n't break . '' -RRB- That was actually a bit creepy , really . .
 I have read every Terry Pratchett book in the Disc book series . This is one of my favorities . I recommend this book and the entire series if you like strange and unusual worlds with magic luggage and wizards .
 If you 're read one of Terry Pratchett 's Discworld novels , you do n't need to know this is a fantastic read . But Planer 's narration also does a marvelous job of bringing the characters to life . The accents and voices are wonderful ! If you 're driving , jogging , or even folding laundry , this audio narration is perfect for those times when you ca n't pick up the book and read for yourself .
 I have read 5 of his books and this is the best . The way he combines trolls , dwarves , werewolves , and the talking dog gaspode into one hilarious book is amazing . I 've love every one of his books that contains the watch . The book has the usual twist of stupid trolls , a species rivalry , and an honest cop who is promoted to Corrpral Carrot , adopted -LRB- human -RRB- son of dwarves . P.S. . How many more time is Vimes about to quit the watch ?
 I have read 5 of his books and this is the best . The way he combines trolls , dwarves , werewolves , and the talking dog gaspode into one hilarious book is amazing . I 've love every one of his books that contains the watch . The book has the usual twist of stupid trolls , a species rivalry , and an honest cop who is promoted to Corrpral Carrot , adopted -LRB- human -RRB- son of dwarves . P.S. . How many more time is Vimes about to quit the watch ?
 This book was the first Discworld novel I read and it convinced me into reading Pratchett . He is so unlike an other author others have compared him to such as Grant Naylor or Douglas Adams . Had I heeded such comments forever I would have missed out on a real treat .
 This is the first Terry Pratchett book i ever read , and I 'm hooked already . Sam Vimes and his City Watch are a group of indivduals I 'm glad do n't patrol streets here . The wide types of people -LRB- and trolls , dwarves , & werewolves -RRB- , promise to make one laugh , especially Sam Vimes outlook on the resident 's of Ankh-Morpork -LRB- everybody is guilty of something -RRB- , and Carrot 's simple approach to everything -LRB- everybody knows Carrot -RRB- . If anyone knows of more books dealing with the watch , please let me know , and if you like Terry Pratchett , try Douglas Addams .
 What can I say about this novel ? First , as all other discworld novels this makes me laugh . City police try to struggle against crime and anarchy . However city guards are n't such `` normal '' police . They are trolls and dwarfs , everyone with their own characteristics . This novel is easy to read and very enjoyable where ever you are .
 This was the first Terry Pratchett novel I read . Now I have 10 others . This book was funny in so many ways . One of my favorite things is Mr. Pratchett 's use of footnotes . The one about Bloody Stupid Johnson is the best ! I highly recommend the whole Discworld series to every reader .
 As can be seen from my review of it , I thought Guards Guards ! was a marvelously funny book , and a great homage to the guards in most movies and books who have a very thankless job . Men at Arms , though , surpasses even that.First of all , the ranks of the City Watch are expanded , with Detritus - DO N'T SALUTE , the Troll , Cuddy , the Dwarf , and Angua , a woman who 's not all she appears to be . Dwarves and Trolls do n't get along , which provides the meat to some very funny scenes between Detritus and Cuddy , including a great scene where Cuddy is teaching Detritus how to count . There are even more jokes in this one then there were in Guards Guards -LRB- or at least , I laughed at more of them -RRB- . Captain Vimes is retiring in a few days , which does n't give the watch much time to figure out who 's responsible for all the strange murders happening . Never fear , though , Corporal Carrot is here ! The character development in this book makes this so much more than just a funny fantasy . Vimes is really starting to second guess his life . Carrot is maturing greatly , even if he still is plain , simple Carrot . Even Nobbs and Colon grow as characters.In Vimes , you see a character agonizing over who he is and what he is becoming . He 's not sure he wants to live the life that 's staring him in the face . Yet he 's still the take-charge guy he became in the first book . He 's the emotional centre of the book and while he 's not always involved , his presence is always being felt.All of this sounds dreadfully serious , but it 's wrapped in a plot that goes from one hilarious event to another . There were three or four straight pages where I could n't stop laughing as I read , and every other page had a treat -LRB- I just managed to stifle the laughter in order to not disturb my wife 's sleep -RRB- . The mix of comedy and character development is made perfectly . If you have no interest in serious stuff , you can ignore that aspect of the book and just revel in the jokes.I 'm moving on to Feet of Clay now , and I 'm optimistic . Pratchett has n't missed with me so far . Do yourself a favour and try this series .
 A well-crafted , sharp-witted tale that will be especially appealing to anyone who has ever read Tolkien and his ilk . Discworld is at once absurd and complex , yet held against the fabric of our reality , it 's just as plausible . I 'm hard pressed to think of a more likable character than Corporal Carrot . The modest anti-gun message was subtle enough to remain unobtrusive .
 Fed up with the rule of Ankh-Morpork 's Patrician , Edward D'Eath searches for the True King.After extensive reaserch into the city records , he finds this to be Corpral Carrot of Ankh-Morpork 's City Watch . Unable , however to persuade the Nobility that a king is what the city really needs , he learns of a weapon so fearsome that it has been kept under lock and key for years . Using this weapon , Edward decides to stir up so much trouble in the city that its citizens will revolt and force the king on the throne . And as usual it is up to the watch to stop this madman ...
 A well-crafted , sharp-witted tale that will be especially appealing to anyone who has ever read Tolkien and his ilk . Discworld is at once absurd and complex , yet held against the fabric of our reality , it 's just as plausible . I 'm hard pressed to think of a more likable character than Corporal Carrot . The modest anti-gun message was subtle enough to remain unobtrusive .
 I have read 5 of his books and this is the best . The way he combines trolls , dwarves , werewolves , and the talking dog gaspode into one hilarious book is amazing . I 've love every one of his books that contains the watch . The book has the usual twist of stupid trolls , a species rivalry , and an honest cop who is promoted to Corrpral Carrot , adopted -LRB- human -RRB- son of dwarves . P.S. . How many more time is Vimes about to quit the watch ?
 OK , so some of his books are not as funny as the others . So what ? `` Men At Arms '' sees Pratchett back with a vengeance , `` extracting the urine '' again with the style and wit he 's gotten us used to . Shrewd as ever , he manages yet again to make the reader think twice -LRB- or thrice , for that matter -RRB- about the pool of cliches we wallow in , as well as to make us laugh like we did with Reaper Man or Witches Abroad . Pratchett also tears to shreds that silly notion that guns are something to be desired - hey , even the Guild of Assassins hate them ! - and , as always , pulls off a funny/teary eyed ending he 's known for . A great book for those facial muscles you have n't exercised in so long - read it before someone else does and starts quoting from it .
 Yet another really funny and original book by Terry Pratchett.He takes us back yet again to Diskworld and the saga of Corp. . Carrot and allthe little hints he gave us in Guards ! Guards ! . But if you have n't read Guards ! Guards ! -LRB- You should -RRB- do n't worry , Terry 's footnotes are almost a legendary as he is and will keep you informed , not to mention rolling on the floor laughing , throughout the book . You say youhave never see a page long footnote with its own footnote with its own footnote ... well you clearly need to readmore Pratchett !
 Men At Arms , another installment in the Discworld books by Terry Pratchett , is a wonderful continuation of the characters from Guards Guards and a fuller look at the famed city of Ankh-Morpork . Not only is there a continuation of characters , but new ones are added , and further developed . Terry Pratchett shows he is a REAL writer by his ability to interweave a funny , uplifting book , with true drama , a plot , and a mystery type story , of whodunnit ? If you like `` buddy flicks '' and enjoy excellent humor , this is a must read . Even though it is a continuation from a previous book , the reader does not need to read Guards Guards ! to fully understand the characters , for Pratchett 's writing style allows the new reader to become comfortable with the characters within a few pages . The only warning i give to the reader is , not all books are completely happy go lucky , for drama is truly woven in with surprising occurences . Enjoy this book ! If you are a fan of Pratchett in the least sense , you will love Men At Arms
 This is the 15th in Pratchett 's Discworld series . Alternatively , it 's the 2nd book in the Watch subseries -LRB- `` Guards ! Guards , '' `` Men at Arms , '' `` Feet of Clay , '' `` Jingo , '' `` The Fifth Elephant , '' `` Night Watch , '' and `` Thud ! '' -RRB- . In this book , Pratchett does a multi-cultural transformation of the Watch , transitions Vimes from a Captain to a Mr. , and , one way or another , brings Carrot into his own . The book also introduces Angua and `` fleshes out '' -LRB- as it were -RRB- Detritus a bit more . The book is so good that I kept trying to read it faster and faster just so I could see what was going to happen next -LRB- and I 've read the book several times now :-RRB- -RRB- . Excellent book and an essential one to the series . 5 stars out of 5 .
 This is the greatest Discworld book there is ! ... You have to read it ! ... -LRB- it has that special touch only Terry Pratchett can do ... -RRB-
 I 've read nearly all of them and this is my favorite . Definitely check out the ones with Death in a lead role -LRB- like Mort for instance -RRB-
 The Disc World series is ... very very good . But what can i read now ? I 've gone through a Dave Barry phase ... experimented with a variety of other humor ... Thurber ... it 's going to be hard to find another author as enjoyable as Pratchett .
 This was my first NightWatch book , though I 'd vaguely known what to expect from Pratchett , having read Small Gods -LRB- brill ! -RRB- and Good Omens -LRB- loved Crowley
 O.K. , some of the discworld novels are better than others , and I ca n't write a review on every single one . This one is my favourite Discworld novel.I loved the way the whole thing got something of amystery novel , -LRB- naturally in this point Feet of Clay is more rewarding -RRB- . I do n't know why , but only Terry Pratchett seems to be able to managethis kind of fantasy . The few other examples of funny fantasy I tried were n't hardly very funny at all.Other authors just steal from Tolkien , or -LRB- directly or via Tolkien -RRB- from some mythology.Well , Pratchett also does , the world being carried on the back of a turtle is n't his very own idea , but his way of using other sources is far more elegant than those of any other author I 've ever read -LRB- except Tolkien perhaps , but you hardly can really compare other authors with Tolkien -RRB- . Other authors steal , Pratchett hints.And within all the books there 's a vast amount of moral , sometimes more , sometimes less , that would be boring with any other author , but with Pratchett it 's just more fun.If the man 's been able to write about 20 novels in the last years , that are that good , I 'm quite confident , that he 'll manage this some more years , and I 'm always eagerly awaiting the next one.Yes , naturally , close up to Men at Arms there isGuards ! Guards ! on my favourite list .
 Meet Carrot , Angua , Vimes and the other watchmen in their debut performance as they leap into the Discworld . This is the first of the `` Vimes '' stories , so it is important for a basic knowledge of people you ` ll be seeing a lot more of -LRB- depending on the humour of old man Pratchett -RRB- . It ` s no less funny than the others , while at the same time introducing detective work into the series as Vimes and his crew bumble along on a sinister case . They are , after all , policemen -LRB- no offense to policemen in general -RRB- . Read it and love it . It ` s different , but at least as good as the other Rincewind and Death books .
 Pratchett at his worst is light-years beyond Piers Anthony , Robert Asprin , or even the dearly departed Douglas Adams at their best . And this is hardly Pratchett 's worst -LRB- that would probably be Soul Music or Maskerade -RRB- . But , this book does n't crackle and fizz with the subversive humor , satire , and insight into the human condition of his other books . This book is kind of , well , dull in parts.I have to confess that much of that might be my fault ... this is a cop 's story , a mystery , beyond all else . And , try as I might , I just ca n't care about mystery stories.However , Carrot and Vimes , two of the Night Watch 's finest , are certainly engaging characters and Pratchett does manage to bring his wild humor into a rather mundane mystery story . He is still a sharp-eyed philosopher with a keen understanding of human nature . But I just ca n't help thinking that this could have been a better book . Maybe the Librarian was n't in it enough ... he can save even the WORST Pratchett book -LRB- as Soul Music demonstrates -RRB- .
 I love Pratchett 's Discworld so much that I wrote four paragraphs before I realized I had n't even started talking about this book . I have spared you all and started from scratch ... no thanks necessary.Although this is the second book in the Watch series , to me it is the defining moment for the Watch and Ankh Morpork in general . Pratchett is very funny , witty , and has creatd a universe filled with characters I love to visit again and again . If you 're just starting with Pratchett , this is a great place to get your feet wet .
 I 've read most of Pratchett 's novels , in publication order , up to the most recent handful , and this is by far my favorite , along with INTERESTING TIMES . The City Guard of Ankh-Morpork is a happy concept , and all the books about the Guards are way above Pratchett 's average.Imagine a police procedural in which very few of the policemen are human . Comic book writer Alan Moore currently has a series which takes this to the n-th degree ... none of the policemen are human , and no two are alike
 This Discworld book focuses on members of the night watch , and seems to be the next ` watch ' book afterGuards ! Guards ! . Vimes is preparing for his impending retirement , and the life change it will engender . As he works to disentangle himself from the watch , Carrot winds up shouldering most of the burden Vimes leaves behind.Meanwhile , Edward d'Eath - an accomplished assassin - has gotten it into his head that what the city really needs is a move away from the amoral but practical management of Vetinari back to the good old days of relentlessly insane monarchs . Will Vimes and the rest of the watch be able to stop d'Eath ? Or , should d'Eath prevail , will the new monarch be up for the job?Like the rest of the discworld books , this is an easy , pleasant read . I enjoyed getting to learn more about Carrot Ironfoundersson -LRB- a charismatic two meter tall dwarf -RRB- and the aura which surrounds him.Is it a great book ? No . I did n't like it as much asGuards ! Guards!for example . But it 's a * good * book and well worth reading , especially if you enjoyed Guards ! Guards ! Four stars .
 This is my second Pratchett read , and I 'm convinced that it will be unlikely to find one of his books that I wo n't enjoy . This one follows the City Watch , which is basically the police , as they try to unravel the mysterious murders that are suddenly happening in Ankh-Morpork . They are an organization in decline , without much real work to do or skills to practice , until now . Many colorful characters are enountered , and there are a surprising number of relevant and keen observations about the life of law enforcement personnel in general . One particular character , Carrot , is a fine example of that rare person who attracts and inspires people , without seeming to try . The book is witty , fun , and funny . There are a lot of different types of characters , including dwarfs , trolls , dogs , werewolves , thieves and assassins , and it makes for a story that is never slow or dull . One minor distraction for me was the often-encountered passages where I could not readily identify the character who was speaking . It required a little sorting out at times . But there is a lot to enjoy and recommend , in this very non-traditional humorous fantasy .
 to funny to be real . i do n't ask for much more in a discworld novel .
 Terry Pratchett has really carved his own little niche in the fantasy genre . I am often reminded of Douglas Adams ' Hitchiker 's Guide to the Galaxy series when I read a Discworld novel . Excellent prose , and the dry , witty , British humor you ca n't get enough of.Men at Arms is the second Discworld novel featuring the Night Watch -LRB- the first was Guards ! Guards ! -RRB- The Watch features the crew from the previous book -LRB- Vimes , Carrot , Colon and Nobby -RRB- and some new recruits . Someone is murdered in a most mysterious way , and it 's up to the Watch to get to the bottom of it.What I love about Pratchett is he does n't settle to just write a witty satire . It 's actually a great mystery/fantasy story with great characters who have excellent believable relationships.Men at Arms even has some scenes that I found emotionally stirring . I loved Guards ! Guards ! but I personally enjoyed Men at Arms more . This is an excellent and brilliantly imagined story .
 Terry Pratchett at his best , and wonderful wrapup to the Sam Vimes line of discworld books !
 I could n't stop laughing . Terry Pratchett has an undisputable talent to point out the obvious in a funny and entertaining way.This book is about Captain Vimes of the Night Watch & his last case before his wedding . There is a murderer on the loose in Ankh-Morpork & Vimes is trying to solve the mystery with the help of his Watch ... um ... Men . Add into the mixture a 2 meter righteous dwarf , exploding dragons and a troll & a dwarf permanently fighting ! The result is non stop action.Read it it 's a treat .
 Many years ago some friends from the UK recommended Prachett to me and I have never stopped reading his works . I wait for all releases and have taken the time to find the hardcover editions to replace my tattered paperbacks . Every chance I get I recommend Sir Terry to readers . I
 Once again , a hilarious adventure into the Discworld by Terry Pratchett . It 'll have you moved at some times , cracking up at others .
 If you like Commanders Vimes and the Watch . Very funny series that started with &#34; Guards , Guards . &#34; I love Terry Pratchett 's offbeat sense of humor in this series . I 've read some other Discwolrd books but the wtach ahs the characters I love the best .
 This is another book in the Discworld series , and the second book in the Sam Vimes/Watch story-line . It introduces a couple of characters that become regulars . Well-written and a joy to read .
 It felt like a thrilling police mystery ! it was fun to read and try and figure out what was going on . Of course I could n't because Pratchett always has something up his sleeve ; -RRB-
 the whole city watch series is just about my favorite bunch of books I have ever read . I almost have to read them alonme because I get the whole family looking askingly when I laugh out loud . Great stories , obviousl ; y fantasy but so real . And if you love word play you will never find better
 I really enjoy Pratchett 's Discworld books . Authors with a good sense of humor are quite , especially in the fantasy genre .
 Assassins , attractive werewolves , smelly talking mongrel dogs ... whats not to love!For personal reasons i can relate to Sam Vines & his continuing evolution is wonderful to watch.Now if he can just obey orders for once ... or maybe that 's just not Sam .
 It is a Terry Pratchett novel
 Brilliant as always and screamingly funny . It never ceases to amaze me how Terry Pratchett plays games with the English language which I would never have imagined - he is a genius .
 This is the Discworld novel wherein Captain Sam Vimes of Ankh-Morpork 's Night Watch retires and gets married , the Night Watch itself becomes an equal species organization , and Gaspode the Talking Dog falls in love with new recruit , Angua , the werewolf . She has just joined the Night Watch under the Equal Species Act , along with Detritus the Troll and Cuddy the Dwarf.No wonder Sam , who is a bit of a male chauvinist speciesist is going to retire.Not since Stephen King 's `` It '' have clowns gotten such bad press as in `` Men at Arms . '' They seem to be the saddest creatures on Discworld . One of them , Beano is murdered and ends up playing ` Knock Knock - Who 's There ? ' with Death , who is trying to develop a sense of humor.Humor will never be the strong suite of a hooded , seven-foot skeleton with glowing blue eyes , but Death does get in one inadvertently funny line . He tells Beano to think of his newly deceased state as being ` DIMENSIONALLY DISADVANTAGED . ` Meanwhile back in the world of the living and undead , Captain Sam Vimes and his command investigate the circumstances of Beano 's death . Sam is also under orders from his wife-to-be to find a missing swamp dragon , which is likely to explode if it comes under stress.When a large hole is blown in the headquarters of the Assassin 's Guild , Sam has a pretty good notion of what caused the explosion . What he really wants to know is whether this latest calamity has something to do the Beano 's death . After all , the Assassins are right next door to the Guild of Fools and Clowns.What he does not yet know is that mad genius , Leonard of Quirm 's deadliest invention has fallen into the hands of a rabid monarchist who will do everything in his power to restore Ankh-Morpork 's rightful king -- and that king is a member of his own Night Watch . `` Men at Arms '' -LRB- 1993 -RRB- is another great slapstick-with-a-message adventure in the Sam Vimes/Night Watch Discworld novels . If you 'd like to read them in order of publication , they are
 I wonder if Discworld fans ever feel like they are in on a big happy secret , that people who think `` fantasy '' genre novels are beneath them are n't entitled to know.I guess I used to be one of those naysayers . My inherent interest level in dragons and trolls is not that high . But `` Men at Arms , '' the first Pratchett novel I 've ever read , is the funniest most entertaining read I 've had in years , in ANY genre.My only problem now is that I want to go right out and read the other 20 + novels ASAP , but fear I will lose my job because I am reading them under my desk at the office , and lose my husband because I wake him up laughing so hard while reading in bed.BTW if you want a real treat , try this -LRB- or other Pratchetts -RRB- on audio CD/cassette/download . The fellow doing the reading -LRB- Nigel Planer ? -RRB- is a riot . Plus , if you listen in your car on the way to work , you can keep your job and your spouse .
 Of all Pratchett 's brilliantly drawn characters , Samuel Vimes stands unique in providing a realistic role model for the rest of us . He 's honest , forthright , deeply suspicious of aristocracy , and best of all , despises the idea of kings . The last is important here , for someone wishes the return of the Ankh-Morpork monarchy . And Sam Vimes ' remote ancestor , Old Stoneface , executed the last one.Edward d'Eath -LSB- how does PTerry come up with these names ?! -RSB- , an impoverished aristocrat , seeks fulfillment of his destiny by restoring the monarchy . Recruiting fellow lords to his cause proves difficult . It 's been a long time since the last king , and the Patrician runs the city with commendable , if frightening , efficiency . So Edward embarks on a solitary campaign.Pratchett 's inventive mind takes us from the `` fantasy '' genre into the murder mystery domain . Murder is n't a common event on the Discworld , and its occurrence here creates an intensity of feeling rarely evoked by Pratchett 's works . Vimes is particularly irritated by such abhorrent events as murder . Assassination is bad enough , although carefully regulated by its Guild . For Vimes , murder is too arbitrary . It reflects the one aspect of society he resents the most , the exercise of absolute power . He 's affronted both as a copper and a man.Partly inspired by Corporal Carrot , Vimes is no longer content having the Watch `` let things lie anymore '' . Forces that used to push a drunken Vimes into the gutter are forces he now resists , even struggles to overcome . It 's an inspiring read watching Pratchett give Vimes a new sense of dedication . Vimes has always sought justice , and his recent rise in society and the Watch has given him fresh impetus , and clout , to gain it . However , first he must survive . He 's up against a new force . A force of absolute power , without soul or pity - the Gonne.There are other aspects in this book beyond the new Old Stoneface trying to catch a murderer . Pratchett pays homage to the struggle for women 's and immigrants ' rights in Britain -LSB- and elsewhere -RSB- . The Watch has been compelled to recruit dwarves , trolls and , um , a woman . Sergeant Colon 's attempts to reconcile size , attitudes and anatomy with a traditional human , male , role must bring tears to the eyes of all recruiting sergeants reading it . Pratchett 's sympathetic view of Angua pays homage to the efforts of women striving to enter men 's realms . But for a novel view of the world we all inhabit , there 's few that can out-express Gaspode , one of Pratchett 's finest creations.Pratchett possesses a superior ability to create timeless works . Nestled in this library since its publication , this book is taken up as an old friend for repeated enjoyment . There 's nothing lost in re-reading Men At Arms - the issues remain timely , the characters worth noting - sometimes emulating , and the wit undiminished . If you 're new to Pratchett , this is a fine place to start . If you 're coming along in the Discworld sequence , be prepared for an item of exceptional value , something beyond the humorous fantasy of wizards , witches and Mort 's employer .
 I 've decided he 's too good and too prolific for me to write a brand new review every single time I read one of his books . Discworld currently has 34 titles and every one of them will probably knock your socks off . His mind bubbles and flashes like a boiling pot of electric eels , and I simply ca n't get enough of his writing.A reviewer has compared him to Geoffrey Chaucer . He reminds me more of Douglas Adams , or perhaps S Morgenstern . Great company , is n't it ? He 's an extremely skillful and imaginative writer , damn funny , clever and observant to boot . He 's also very easy to read . A master of characterization , and if there 's anything else you like about reading that I did n't mention here , assume I simply forgot . He 's awesome.Another reviewer mentioned Jonathan Swift and PG Wodehouse . Why such hallowed company ? Because Pratchett belongs there ! Truly , I 'm enjoying my quest to read every book in the series . You should do the same , and begin your quest at the library because he 's got to be there . He 's awesome!Yet another reviewer said Jerome K Jerome meets Lord of the Rings . Yeah , that works too.Why do we , as reviewers , compare authors to other authors ? Because it 's easier than thinking . In the case of Terry Pratchett , it 's probably because we 'd otherwise wind up quoting the guy . He 's so unique that we just do n't know how else to cope with his greatness . Even this paragraph sounds like foamy drool raving , does n't it ? That 's how all readers react to Pratchett . Reviewers simply do n't have the good sense to keep it to themselves.I could call his writing fantasy , but I could likewise call what Douglas Adams wrote science fiction . In both cases , I would n't be wrong , but I 'd be neglecting so much and just totally missing the point . A rare few authors transcend a genre to such a degree that you know they 're shouting out , loud and proud , a big fat `` Bite me ! `` I love Terry Pratchett 's writing , and I completely understand why some folks refer to him as their favorite author . Or favourite , I should say , since we 're being British . He 's one of those authors that makes you want to grab whoever 's in hearing range and start reading passages aloud . I 'm simply thrilled that there 's such an extremely talented and prolific author who 's been working for years without me being aware of him . Now I have much catching up to do , and I will love it .
 Edward D'Eath by chance becomes obsessed with the royal line of Anhk Morpork , the city watch enjoys the benefits of several directions of integration , Sam Vimes of the Night Watch prepares to retire to a life of comfort and other torments , the harsh and serious nature of clowns is considered , the genteel and sophisticated nature of Assassins is considered , and the fruits of allowing a certifiable genius to run loose with tools are sown.As an obsessed Assassin works behind the scenes to restore the heir to the royal family of Anhk Morpork to the throne , the unsuspecting presumed heir walks the streets of Anhk Morpork commanding the respect of the crimenal element of the city . This is most unusual as he is a junior Watchman.An invention of Leonard of Quirm is loose in the city , and as the inventions of madmen and geniuses -LRB- and Leonard is both in his own special fashion -RRB- are wont to do , it is making mischief.Sam Vimes is about to marry the wealthiest woman in the city , and the clash of cultures is brilliant social commentary.And the dogs of A-MP have a leader with a dark vision of the supremacy of canines over bipeds ... This is Terry Pratchett at his best ! Discworld is in fine form , reflecting the obsession with royals , gun control , affirmative action , political action , and the dark side of clowns . One of the best of DIscworld .
 Captain Sam Vimes is about to become wealthy , married , and retired from his career in the City Watch . When a strange explosion occurs in the Assassins Guild , it really is n't his business -- especially when Vetinari , the Patrician , specifically orders him to stay clear . Vimes 's common sense wars with his self-defined duty and duty wins -- at least until Vetinari calls him in for a second appointment -LRB- nobody wants a second appointment with the city 's strange and nearly omnicient leader -RRB- . For Vimes , the bottle is the way out . But Corporal Carrot is n't about to let a little thing like Vetinari 's orders keep him from donig the right thing -LRB- Carrot always does the right thing -RRB- and pushes on in Vimes 's absence.MEN AT ARMS tells the story of the fundamental reshaping of the City Watch under the combined influence of Vetinari , Vimes , and Carrot . The Watch is expanded from all-human to include dwarves , trolls , and a beautiful werewolf . Vetinari 's policy of constructive anarchy may allow the city to work after a fashion , but a watch made up of misfits from all walks of life can certainly help . The novel is a near-continuation of the very fine GUARDS ! GUARDS!Author Terry Pratchett combines puns , outrageous and over-the-top action , and real insights into humanity in ways that keep the reader laughing and thinking at the same time . Both Vetinari and Carrot are admirable , but both are also beyond most of our reach . Vimes , in contrast , is every-man . His dilemmas are those that all of us must face . That Vimes can rise -LRB- and sometimes fall -RRB- to the occasion brings some hope that any of us could do so too . Pratchett 's work is at its best when it uses Discworld as a backdrop for the actions and decisions of its all-too-human sapients , and MEN AT ARMS is a fine example of exactly this .
 Captain Samuel Vimes of the Ankh-Morpork City Guard is about to be married to Lady Sybil Ramkin , an incredibly rich woman who is totally into Dragons . Because Lady Ramkin finds the current job of her fianc&eacute; too dangerous - clearly forgetting that being blown to smithereens by a sick dragon is not commonly known as a ` safe ' job opportunity - Captain Vimes decides to retire and dedicate his life to Dragons and other so-called ` nobilities ' . Subsequently , a new league of City Guards has to be found and trained . In these modern times it is fashionable to be ethnically correct and in the true spirit of this trend
 I loved this book ! Men at Arms is the second Pratchett Novel I have read the first being Feet of Clay . I found everything in this book to be creative and hilarious the dog talking dog Gaspode especially . Prattchett and his wonderful creation discworld teach people that a story can be entertaing without dirty words and sex .
 `` Men at Arms '' is the fifteenth novel in Terry Pratchett 's hugely popular Discworld series and the second to focus on Sam Vimes and Ankh-Morpork 's City Guard . Although its reputation may have raised very slightly , having rescused the City from a large and angry dragon , it 's still not the fine and noble profession it once was.Sam is the Captain of the Night Watch , though he is on the verge of retiring and will soon marry Lady Ramkin , the noted dragon-fancier . It is n't entirely clear , however , whether or not he 's entirely happy about either the retirement or his impending life of marital bliss . It 's fair to say he 's not your typical hero
 Men at Arms reunites us with the stalwart defenders of our beloved Ankh-Morpork
 Men at Arms , the second A-M Night Watch book , is most likely the best Watch book of all . Corporal -LRB- now Captain -RRB- Carrot is the catalyst of the change in the Watch , hiring 3 new members . Lance-Constables Angua , Cuddy , and Detritus -LRB- the former splatter of the Mended Drum -RRB- . With the ongoing gangfights with the dwarves and trolls , Detritus and Cuddy put aside their differences and , with the help of Carrot , recruit more members to solve the mystery of Discworld 's first - and only - `` gonne '' .
 Although `` Men at Arms '' is a highly entertaining and humourous police story , it also deal with several social issue in an intellectually satirical way . This book deal with some very serious historical delima regarding the classic case of the stranger hero who is the long lost king of some kingdom.This book is one of the latter in Terry Pratchett writing career when he has fully develop his Discworld story structure . All of Pratchett 's latter books deal with some major social issue that exist in historical or modern time . He deal with them in a highly intellectual manner using extremely complex humourous satirical technique.All of the latter books are very funny , and intellectually charllenging . To the reader with some historical knowledge of the jokes and anecdote provided by Pratchett , his book is intriging . I would advise anyone with interest in the real world as well as those looking for a great piece of literature to read Pratchett.This is a great book about a young copdude who would be king , little dragons , and a world where science , magic , fantasy , and who know what else is mixed . The story line is interesting and funny , character very well developed . Books rarely come better than this . Pratchett is underappreciated because virtually no American -LRB- beside myself -RRB- know of his work , not even well read english professors !
 I really like all of Terry Pratchett 's Discworld -LRB- fantasy -RRB- books , including this one . You will best enjoy reading them in the order published , but they 're good on their own . They have a unique , fey humor
 I love the Night Watch novels , I am reading the third at the moment , I ca n't stop ! They are funny and surprising and introduce concepts from our world in such a way that parodies and makes a comment on society same time . This book has Leonard of Quirm -LRB- Discworld 's thinly veiled version of Da Vinci -RRB- inventing a dangerous device which is &#34; running &#34; loose on the citizens of Ankh Morpork . A mystery for Captain Vimes and the Night Watch - Carrot , Colon , Nobby and the new recruits to solve - romance , intrigue and hilarity abound , I want more ! Thank you amazon kindle for letting me download them instantly , this makes me very happy .
 The night watch makes a return to the Discworld series and it was worth the wait . In Men at Arms we get the next instalment of Corporal Carrot and the retirement of Sam Vimes . Of course there is a threat to Ankh Morpork and Discworld as a whole but it 's not the overblown rip of fabric of reality into the dungeon dimension -LRB- or similar -RRB- of previous books . Much more subtle and interesting . Great little plot -LRB- with a very unexpected villain -RRB- , and the characters just keep getting more interesting and complex as the series progresses .
 I just finished re-reading this novel , which remains high in my esteem . My review will contain some spoilers , so avoid it id you do n't like those . Its main theme is the final success of integrating city minorities , starting with a dwarf , a troll and a woman , into the all-male Watch . Dwarfs and trolls are ancient enemies from the mountains , now moving in droves into Discworld 's biggest city , Ankh-Morpork . Putting two of them together as a police team seems insoluble , and would be but for Corporal Carrot . The new watchwoman is also a werewolf -LRB- actually werewolfhound -RRB- , and her kind of minority is shunned by just about everyone -- except Carrot -- but Angua no longer bites people and is trying to be a vegetarian ! There are numerous subplots , skilfully woven into the main story -- the insanity of extreme royalist snobbery ; the growing affection between Sam Vimes and Sibyl Ramkin , his temporary backslide into alcoholism , Sibyl 's steadfastness and -LRB- at the end of the book -RRB- a happy beginning ; the reluctantly heroic talking mutt , Gaspode , who reminds me of Huckleberry Finn -LRB- he refused to be &#34; sivilized &#34; -RRB- . Most relevant to our own problems is the &#34; gonne &#34; -LRB- the earliest English spelling of &#34; gun &#34; -RRB- invented by Leonard of Quirm . Supposedly it was destroyed , but instead was put away in a private museum and stolen . Like our own guns , it has a murderous personality of its own that infects its users , but Discworld is luckier than our world . At the story 's end the gonne is destroyed by Carrot -- and there are no others in existence .
 Terry Pratchett is a fantastic author . He combines a rich fantasy world with an intriguing storyline and deep , complex characters . In addition to this he peppers the story with incredibly funny , laugh-out-loud moments and lines . Recommended to anyone who loves fantasy and comedy .
 I really like this book , one of my favourites from Pratchett.Captain Vimes tries very hard to try to retire.Affirmative hiring in the Night Watch!Carrot doing his own version of flirting.Lots of Assasins and another attempt to kill Lord Vetinari .
 I bought this for myself first , and then got a copy for my sister as a gift . I absolutely love all of Pratchett 's work and this one is no exception .
 never disappoints . readers that are ` put off ' by Discworld , a Flat Earth traveling through space on the backs of four elephants and a huge turtle would do well just to accept it and move on to the story . it 's not science , folks ... it 's social commentary framed in outrageous humor . read it , have a good laugh ... and learn something !
 Simply incredible and hilarious . I travel a lot by subway , and people just stared at me when my laughter filled the car . The trama carry the me so easily that I did n't notice where I was , and the characters try to jump from the book and say hello -LRB- things that happen in a book of Terry -RRB- . A serious fantasy reader , is so relaxing to laugh with it .
 I 've read like 10 Discworld books and I must say this is the best of them . Pratchett 's irony and sarkasm is perfect in this book , and the writing is , as always , at top quality .
 This was the second book I read by Terry . Since then , I 've loved Discworld books about Ankh-Morpork -LRB- and especially the night watch -RRB- . To get the full effect , read Feet of Clay , then Jingo right after this one .
 Carrot , Vimes , Colon , Nobbs are back . With also alot of new recruits : Angua , Detritus and Cuddy . What is the mysterious thing killing dwarfs , clowns and assasins ? Is Vimes finally going to get married ? Who knows ?
 One of the best Discworld novels . The Ankh-Morpork Watch is the most amazing set of policemen in the history of fiction . Beneath the not-so-thin veneer of hysterical humour , Pratchett 's brilliant pen undercuts every possible literary -LRB- & other -RRB- genre & convention . As always , Pratchett 's work makes you look at the world in a different way . This book will make you guffaw with laughter , but do n't be surprised if there 's a lump in your throat too .
 Terry Pratchett 's got a very interesting writing style . He creates what are , at heart , very sweet and moving stories , cleverly disguised as Wodehousian satire . Men At Arms is no exception . The Ankh-Morpork Night Watch have quickly become my favorite Discworld characters , and this is their best adventure thus far . -LRB- Also recommended are Guards ! Guards ! and Feet of Clay . -RRB- Buy it .
 I have read most of Terry Pratchett 's books and find all of them rollicking good fun . You ca n't go wrong for entertainment . I started collecting them with Wyrd Sisters and continued from there .
 This book features one of the first Troll-Dwarf Friendships ever to hit the stands . Cuddy the dwarf does a great job of killing the practice dummy explaning that the fugative does not have to be able to answer questions . As well as the return of the 6 foot -LRB- adopted -RRB- dwarf , Carrot , the librairan , who is a very funny ape -LRB- do n't call him a monkey -RRB- , and Gaspode the wonder dog . He is very good at persuasion .
 This book is definately one of Terry Pratchett 's best books . The greatest thing is the laughs that you encounter that do n't stretch the storyline at all . The humor and wit are solid throughout . Plus , as do all of Tery 's book , it presents us with a story relating to the discworld that skips along at a tripping pace . Good book to say the least
 This book is a wonderful combination of , let 's say Hitchhiker 's Guide and Hart 's Hope ! Terry Pratchett would be one of the most famous authors ever , if American bookstores ever bothered to sell his books . He has a incredibly devout following on the L -- space web , and it 's books like this that tell why . For a remarkable social commentary on , mobs and how violence and dreams of power get to men 's hearts , READ THIS BOOK ! Lord Vetinari is * not * a man to be messed with
 I do alot of reading of Lesbian ficton and this is my favorite and everyone who I have given it to ! Once you start you wo n't be able to put it down as the story takes you through many times and places . I wish the author would write another .
 I have enjoyed this book and it is very informative about Native American people along the Penobscot river in Maine . I would highly recomend this book especially if one is looking for historical ways of the Abonaki .
 Just what I wanted , used but not abused . Met my need but not so expensive . Deal with confidence ; timely service .
 This novel from 1967 or 1968 tried to encompass the politics of death by picking the ghost of a Jewish comedian to complain about all the impositions which society may impose upon `` Peace to our ashes . '' In the movie version , the ghost complains that the unappreciated comic 's line , `` I died out there , '' applies to him in a literal way . I could appreciate the comedy of this book before I went to Nam , so it seemed strange to me that the selective service would send a person with such an inappropriate emotional response , my love of ghosts , to Vietnam . By 1968 , times were so desparate that they , my local draft board , thought it ought to be their choice more than mine , and I did n't have anything to bet on the outcome but my life . The 20th century would be taken far more seriously than it deserves to be , at this late date , if anyone still thinks that really , my sense of humor should have died out there . Lighten up , already .
 I wanted to know the scientific research done for daily protein requirement in our diet to sustain health and prevent chronic diseases . The book provided a thorough historical account of scientific work done in this field over the past 150 years . The experiments and observations are extensive ; and provide a systematic analysis of the much needed information on human nutrition . The facts are expressed in an authoritative and unambiguous manner . Any one interested in the field of human nutrition will thoroughly enjoy reading this book .
 This is a great product that has helped me easily locate any zip code in the US . Imagine how much time I have saved by being able to look up zip codes using my computer , as opposed to looking them up manually in a book ! The best 100 $ I 've ever spent !
 Kaplan was succesfull in your book by putting together very importante concepts about cost
 I would like to have it in German and French languages in order to recommend it to my colleagues .
 Cost & Effect will most appeal to those who have had extended experience with Activity-Based Costing -LRB- ABC -RRB- or operate in manufacturing industries.If you are interested in learning more about Activity-Based Costing , this book is not the best choice for you . Professor Kaplan has co-authored books that explore this subject in much greater detail.Most people set as their initial priority the need to have accurate financial reporting for the entire enterprise . Falling below that level of effectiveness is Stage I in the terms of this book . Once you have that financial reporting done accurately , you are at Stage II . But you know almost nothing about how to manage your costs better . In order to do that , you will need to establish ad hoc financial reporting processes designed to help your organization learn from its experience and identify opportunities for improvement , built around Activity-Based Costing -LRB- ABC -RRB- . ABC is simply a way of more accurately applying overhead costs back to activities and then processes that permits accurately understanding more about which combinations of products and services and customers are profitable and which are not . Then , within each activity , you can also see the inefficiencies in what you are doing that present opportunities for improvement . The book also has a nice discussion of Kaizen costing that is widely used in Japanese companies looking for on-going cost improvements , based on Professor Cooper 's research . There are a few case histories to illustrate the principles , but most will find these insufficient to guide them through the process . In other books , Professor Kaplan has pointed out that there is a lot of acquired art in the subject and you probably need help to get it right . I concur . Once you have ABC operating in stand-alone systems , you are at Stage III.At this point , you will have a financial reporting system that is separate from the ABC system . How do you put them together ? That the subject of chapter 14 , which is the key value-added part of this book . You will see what the systems architecture and process flow needs to be in order to combine ABC with Enterprise-Wide Systems -LRB- EWS -RRB- of the sort that many large companies have invested in during recent years . Putting the two together will greatly improve planning , budgeting , design of new products and services , and operational improvements . Chapter 15 expands into the area of how to apply the combined system to budgeting and transfer pricing . Combing ABC and EWS puts you at Stage IV , a level rarely reached today.The book 's main message is that it 's a mistake to try to go from Stage II directly to Stage IV . There 's a lot of experimentation and mistakes that you can benefit from in an extended Stage III . I agree again , based on my experience with ABC.The one caution you should have about ABC in this context is that if you are going to radically change your business model every 2-5 years as many companies are , Stage IV is probably unattainable and undesirable . You ca n't hold back business model innovation for better cost systems . The next business model innovation will probably give you better costs than tweaking the current business model with ABC will.Seek out the fastest route to progress , and do more of it !
 I have read this book cover to cover and have re-read chapters . Kaplan ensures that you grasp the fundamental concepts by keeping things simple . He illustrates the concepts with easy to understand examples . I gained very little knowledge from the first 3 ABM books I read , but after reading `` Cost and Effect , '' I felt that I had a good enough grasp of the fundamentals to actually implement a costing system .
 This book drives the business and finance community to rethink how a company should handle cost . It shows the 4 stages of financial reporting and ABC strategies . Companies have to switch their strategy of using traditional financial reporting to understand business performance and make it the other way around . Business Management Reporting should drive the Financial Reporting and the accountants should handle Financial Reporting for external needs in a locked room . This issue is analyzed from the ABC eyes . It is a must read book , innovative and out of the box thinking .
 Kaplan and Cooper have put together an outstanding guidebook for managers to follow in order to reap the most significant benefits from activity based costing and other cost management techniques . The great merit of this book is that it does not preach to the reader the latest management fad , but rather goes through a thorough analysis of budgeting processes , highlighting benefits and drawbacks of each . They do not claim ABC is the best approach , and even praise some simpler methods that are more adequate for certain companies . Instead , they point to the circumstances in which ABC can provide outstanding results to companies.The book structured first with an analysis of the most often used systems of managerial cost accounting . It highlights the shortcomings of these , proceeding then to present certain productivity improvements that could contribute to performance . These are mostly related to the quality movements -LRB- TQM , 6 Sigma , etc -RRB- , which are presented in a very understandable way . These are complements to the existing usual cost management systems . These improvements can be made even without implementing ABC systems.Then the authors proceed to describe activity based costing and its benefits in terms of choosing customers , suppliers , and product breadth . They present many examples that would be very relevant to any practitioner , in industry or service . There is a specific section focusing on services , which makes the appropriate adaptations to the systems for the peculiarities of it.Overall , an outstanding work , to help anyone involved in cost management , whether they are interested in activity based costing or more traditional standard costing methods .
 An excellent reference text on the subject . A good accompaniment to a more practical book -LRB- eg Hicks -RRB- . The books explains the business problem and the thinking behind the techniques well . I thoroughly recommend it to anyone wanting to understand why ABC .
 Kaplan and Cooper put together one of the best summaries of the state of cost management . Not really the state , but the best of what it could be . They also explain different approaches in cost that can be used , non-financial measures , and the systems required to get there . How does German Cost Accounting , ABC , and using other measures help in running an advanced company ? How does your company rate in its cost management practices ? You can figure that out here . If you are in the field , you should read this book .
 Kaplan & Cooper provide a systematic execution path to businesses wishing to understand their cost structures -LRB- and therefore profit opportunities -RRB- better than their competitors . The format is easy-to-read and thought provoking . Couple this with a change management book -LRB- like John Kotter 's Leading Change -RRB- and you 're well on the way to a succesful transformation of both culture & cost structure .
 I read this book as part of an MBA module . I didnt know anything about Activity Based Costing at the time and so the book was a little difficult since it was not meant to be an introduction to the subject . After I did some research and became more familiar with the material , I realised how great this book is . I have read it twice . The book is well structured and the authors use plenty of real life case studies . The reason I gave it only 4 stars is that I would have rather seen a large section at the end of the book with more detailed information about the case studies . I read some Harvard case studies that were mentioned in the text and it was really helpful because they put things in perspective . I think the authors should have included two or three case studies with their analysis at the end of the book . Other than that , I dont think that there is a better book about the subject out there .
 Robert S. Kaplan and Robin Cooper 's work on activity-based costing has achieved the status of a minor classic in managerial accounting literature . First published in 1997 , it explained why activity-based costing has advantages not only for accounting , but also for management and strategy . Moreover , it linked the advantages of activity-based costing to what , at the time , seemed to be novel ideas about economic value added and enterprise systems . Nearly 10 years after its initial publication , the book seems surprisingly fresh and relevant -LRB- notwithstanding the authors ' enthusiasm for the `` information age '' and the potential of enterprise systems -RRB- . The authors present the case for activity-based costing in a clear and straightforward manner . The book is well-organized and surprisingly free of jargon . We recommend it as a good introduction to managers who are new to the subject . Even those familiar with the concept and practice of activity-based costing may find useful reminders of basic principles in this book .
 After reading several academic papers concerning activity based costing I still was n't convinced about the usefullness of the methodology . After reading Cost & Effect I revised my opinion on Cost Management . This book gives all the answers to effective Cost Management . It takes you from the ABC Age to the Activity Based Management Age and clearly helps you to understand what costs are alle about . Once you really understand the topics of this book you will be able to face and manage costs in whatever business you are in . Read it !
 The mystery is built on the theme of a married woman who dreams she visits her gravestone which shows her deathday four years earlier.This novel , written at the start of the 1960s , reflects the social mores of its time . For example , the lead character , an adult woman , is treated as if she were a child who needs guidance from adult males , racially demeaning attitudes are expressed toward those of Mexican descent , mothers try to control and mettle significantly more in their adult daughters lives then occurs in today 's stories , etc. . Although the number of characters in this novel is relatively small , the protagonist is a woman , and the story deals primarily with family matters , this is a psychological noir rather than a cozy mystery . The story starts , gently and interestingly , and holds your attention throughout . The mystery unfolds in a satisfactory straight line manner with few `` red herrings '' . However , those who enjoy happy endings may be somewhat disappointed.The physical structure of the story makes this a particularly enjoyable read . The book is divided into three main sections
 This Reader 's Digest Reissue of M. Millar 's `` Stranger . . '' is long overdue . Most interestingly , the author is very similar to her late husband , the better known Ross MacDonald -LRB- Ken Millar -RRB- in exploring hidden family secrets , without the hard-boiled detective -LRB- usually Lew Archer -RRB- that made her husband famous . But Mrs. Millar is expert at depicting all social classes , including Mexian immigrants , and their family interests , and has a sly humor that keeps this book amusing thruout . Possibly the book drags a bit , but still a top drawer family history suspense novel !
 Now in an updated second edition , Small Libraries
 This is written by the top individual in the field . Difficult for some to believe but necessary if you involved in the practice .
 This book was released 18 months ago . Edith Fiore wrote the Foreword , not the book . It is available .
 The book describes the five-person Swiss reconnaissance in 1954 of Gauri Shankar and Menlungtse , and their attempt on Cho Oyu . There are 15 pages of b/w photos . Lambert and Kogan wrote different chapters , sometimes covering the same days from their two different perspectives.After trekking down the Rowaling Khola in Nepal , they entered Tibet via the Hadengi La and viewed the south and east faces of Gauri Shankar . They then trekked along the south face of Menlungtse , crossed the Menlung La back into Nepal and hiked up the Nangpa La to Cho Oyu . Herbert Tichy 's three-person Austrian team was already there and became the first to climb Cho Oyu . Lambert and Kogan made it to 7800m before being turned back by repeated days of excessive wind . `` We saw the whole South Face of Gaurisankar , its great walls and ridges soaring straight towards heaven . ... we could examine in detail the east ridge of Gaurisankar , the south ridge , and the great face between the two ridges . It was immediately obvious that there was no way up the face . '' '' ... the south face of Menlungtse , a tremendous white pyramid which revealed to our questing gaze no possible route of ascent . ... To the left glittered the west face of Menlungtse , an abrupt face of bare rock so steep that no snow rested on it . Ten thousand feet above , the unconquered pyramids of the twin summits reared themselves , seeming to defy the world . ''
 If you 're looking for a book that combines high action Olympic sport with historical fiction , Olympia 420 , The Quest for Peace promises an entertaining read.Olympia 420 explores the compelling theme of sports as a mechanism for peace . The story begins with Orion , a young athlete who dreams that Zeus has chosen him to revive the ancient Olympic games . Orion and his loyal comrades make a perilous journey from Elis to Athens where they must convince the suspicious Athenian council to put down their shields.The Olympic Games are renewed , but not without political implications . Colorful characters participate , serving to intensify the brutality of the era through boxing , chariot races and javelin throwing ; games played with few rules and plenty of aggression . Olympia 420 is a story rich with sports and action.Jennifer Herzog carefully illustrated Olympia 420 with concise pen and ink maps , sporting events and vivid images . Her plates accurately compliment the story with the texture of old world beauty .
 We all have our little people within ourselves , that little voice that criticizes us when we know we are lying to ourself . Friel took this one step further
 In this play , Friel beautifully captures the loss felt that comes with leaving the green fields of Ireland to look for a better life . Friel step by step mirrors the way of life in Ireland perfectly , bring home to us all the reality of life in those days in rural Ireland . His father , unable to express his own emotions , can but make idle small talk to the son he my never see again ... Gars friends , the `` boys '' , though over 20 still boast of fictional conquests as if they were in the grip of adolesence ... the sufficating sameness of day to day life in a rural village , aspects of Irish past , and sometimes present society which is often over looked by Irish writers are brillantly portrayed in this journey inside the mind of a boy about to leave all he knows , and hopefully become a man in the process . `` Philadelphia , Here I come '' is a story to be cherished by all that have made the journey themselves , those who still remember the Ireland of the past , and those seeking an insider view of a young mans mind . It is a must , something that you will read again and again , and something which everyone , both Irish and otherwise , will identify with forever .
 This is set in play format with a strange inclusion of the antagonists alter ego the two characters are Public the man everyone sees and Private the man no one sees or hears only Public can hear him . Together they make up Gar . The play is set the night before Gar is set to leave Ireland and move to Philadelphia . The story focuses not on his leaving but more on his escape from his unexciting father . The inclusion of Private Gar added humour and explanation of events in the play . An enjoyable play with greats dialog and a good story .
 Of course this was Brian Friel 's first big success . It should have been . It 's about the mysteries of immigration , the loss of what 's left behind , the hope of what 's hoped and longed for , the inability to feel what you say and to say what you feel , love lost and given away , and how we are not what we seem , or even what we think we are . It 's also about not really understanding all this and still doing something . And it 's funny .
 I 've been programming webforms in VB.NET for a couple of months now and I 've read a number of books on the subject . This book is excellent if you have some programming experience preferably object oriented languages . Sure it blazes thru some of the key OOP concepts but if you want to learn that stuff get a different book . What this book did for me was that it simply gave me different views on -LRB- for instance -RRB- concurrency control , data access , etc. . There were a bunch of good reusable code snippets as well . Obviously it is a book intended for students although I found it very useful for both winform programming as well as webform programming . I just wish it had even more pages!Now go get it !
 I actually purchased this book a few years ago . As a high school student into Swedish culture , I bought this book because it looked fun and easy to read . I was very impressed with this pocket sized text.I felt as though I started learning Swedish right away . I learned my phone number , days of the week and greetings . I taught my friends . They all borrowed the book.I went to Sweden and Finland about a year later . I found it useful . It is not the be all and end all of the Swedish language by any means , but I loved it . I do wish it had an audio tape.I lost the book recently and I have decided to repurchase the same book because I have found none better for the price and quick information it provided .
 A good way to get familiar with Swedish if you are a beginner . This book contains practical phrases for a variety of situations . The pronunication of every word is written underneath each phrase phonetically , which is especially helpful/needed when learning Swedish . A handy little book , and even if you end up using it as a coaster you still have n't lost at this price !
 This is a good book for what it is intended for . The only thing against it is that we did n't need it in Sweden . Nearly everyone speaks English , at least to some extent , even in the small fishing villages along the coast . The only time we did n't find someone that could speak Englishat a restaurant , we just guessed and were able to order anyway . Ended up with Lasagna , which is n't exactly Swedish fare , but the word they had on the menu looked similar , so we guessed well !
 One of the problems with reading books from different time periods and cultures -LRB- and we must admit that literature written in 14th century England is probably more foreign to a modern Western reader as something written in Afghanistan or Mongolia - especially in today 's world with global communication -RRB- is the fact that certain tropes are no longer as powerful as they once were . If you read a story and you do n't know what 's going on , even reading the notes and finding out that the story is based on rhetorical arguments of the day -LRB- which were very popular -RRB- and how it 's a parody is n't going to make the story anymore enjoyable . YOu will get the jokes but only after they 've been explained.This is a rather depressing prospect considering that it means that there 's a shelf life onSimpsons World The Ultimate Episode Guide
 The authors have provided the quintessential study guide to The Canterbury Tales . This book is invaluable .
 I thought that it was a great book . If you can get past the raw , somewhat uncensored humor in this particular translation , it 's a great book to pass the time . I personally just wanted to read this book , so it 's not for a Lit . class for anything like that , so I was n't at liberty to actually look into why and for what reason . I just had fun reading it and taking it for face value . I feel somewhat obliged to write something about this book . Some of the tales -LRB- the Knight 's and the Sergeant-at-Law 's -RRB- were very long , and normally I would be screaming at the fact that I had chosen to read such a lengthy novel , but once I got into it , length really was n't a real issue , but I do n't know if this is something that was in the original manuscript , or in the translation , but to me , Chaucer seemed to jump around and some of the tales did n't seem to flow as well as others .
 I enjoyed reading the Canterbury Tales from a language lovers point of view . Reading them in MIDDLE English was thoroughly enjoyable because it let 's us know a little about what English used to look like , and how the language has changed over the years -LRB- and how it has stayed the same -RRB- .
 As I look over the reviews of the classic works of literature , I am appalled by how often I see the word boring being used . I guess it 's because great books do n't come with big screens , speakers and a joy stick . Welcome to the Millenium
 This book arrived way before I expected it to . Not only that but I purchased a `` like new '' book and received it in such good shape it looks brand new . I would definitely order from this seller again . Very pleased and a great site to order from for required special book readings for High School lit classes and summer reading .
 The Canterbury Tales is Geoffrey Chaucer 's collection of stories , with the device used being a group of pilgrims telling each other tales as they journey towards Canterbury . The group of travellers include men and women of different types and different occupations , so produces quite a few amusing and interesting moments throughout .
 The Canterbury Tales by Geoffrey Chaucer is one of the first great works of literature in the English language and are good reading for a number of reasons . They are written in `` old English '' , however , and read like a foreign language for most of us . Barbara Cohen 's adapted translation gives us four of the tales in contemporary English and therefore provides an excellent introduction to Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales . Cohen 's tales retain Chaucer 's colorful insight into fourteenth century England including life as a knight , the horror of the plague , and the religous hypocrisy of the age . The illustrations by Trina Schart Hyman are vivid and tell a story all by themselves . I use Cohen 's book as a supplement to teaching medieval history and literature to 7th and 8th graders .
 Chaucer 's original Canterbury Tale 's written in Middle English was rather difficult a read . The Penguin Classic version of Canterbury tales was the perfect supplement for my class book text . This modern English translation allows for very easy reading of the satirical and cleverly written tales .
 Chaucer dictated stories from the pilgrims during their journey to Canterbury , and though some are incomplete -LRB- meaning that he never finished writing them -RRB- , the reader is guarranteed to be entertained from the humor and edjucated on the culture of the English in the fourteenth century . I recommend this book to mature readers , for some of the stories are bawdy .
 For those seeking an audiotape of The Canterbury Tales in middle english and not modern english -- keep looking . This is not what you seek .
 I have read most of the Canterbury Tales in English class over the past couple of years . I think they are so great because of the satire of Chaucer and the way he presents the characters . My favorite tale is of the Wife of Bath and what a woman really wants in a man . I find it surprising that Chaucer could see so well into the female soul .
 You 'll be surprised . I know I was . If you 're like me , you 're picking up The Canterbury Tales because it 's one of those classics that you eventually have to read to be one of the `` literati . '' Or , and actually more likely , you 're being forced to read it by some professor somewhere . As such , you 're ready for a dry and dusty tome , struggling for every page . But that 's not what 's here.The Canterbury Tales is much more entertaining , much more visceral and much more fanciful than many of the works that have followed it -LRB- and most of the classics -RRB- . It is a collection of short stories that runs the gamut , from precious religious narrative to bawdy toilet-humor . Most all of it is in verse -LRB- usually couplets -RRB- and the reading is fast and fun . My personal favorite comes first in the Knight 's Tale , but the whole is filled with surprises and engrossing stories . Reading the Tales , you 'll also have an interesting perspective into a society many hundreds of years past -- a society that turns out to be not far different from our own.I 'd also like to take this opportunity to recommend a modern fantasy/sci-fi novel that is kind of a take on the Tales entitled Hyperion by Dan Simmons.So , to conclude , if you are sitting up in your dorm room , staring at the Tales , trying to figure out how to approach
 This is a wonderful , hilarious book ! Granted , it is not an easy read , but if you are a good reader or do n't mind working through the old language , you will find this to be a very funny book . It also takes some understanding of the period it was written in . Without that understanding and the aforementioned traits , you may find this book to be `` a waste of time '' . Rent the movie A Knight 's Tale to see appearances by Chaucer , the Summoner , and the Prior . This movie , despite being somewhat fluffy and anachronistic , does have some elements of The Canterbury Tales which , after reading the book , you may notice .
 In Chaucer 's work , ` The Canterbury Tales ' , perhaps the greatest of English literary works from the period of the language known as Middle English , there is one particular piece that have always stood out for me . ' A Clerk ther was of Oxenford also , ` This is perhaps my favourite character , as when I first read it , it seemed to epitomise what I hoped for in my own life . ` That unto logik hadde longe y-go ... For him was lever have at his beddes heedTwenty bokes , clad in blak or reed , Of Aristotle and his philosophye , Than robes riche , of fithele , or gay sautrye , But al be that he was a philosophre , Yet hadde he but litel gold in cofre , But al that he mighte of his freendes hente , On bokes and on lerninge he it spente , and bisily gan for the soules preyeOf hem that yaf him wherwith to scoleye ... gladly wolde he lerne , and gladly teche . ` Every now and then I can not help but re-read this part of the Prologue , for a reminder of what I 'm aiming for in my own life.Chaucer was son of a wine merchant , something near and dear to my heart . Chaucer was well-read , well-phrased , well-mannered , industrious in literary and legal/administrative pursuits , as I trust I will become , if not already so qualified.As one can see from the above examples , English has changed much over the past 600 years , but not so much as to make these passages unrecognisable . Compare for yourself with a modern translation such as this , and see how much you can decipher.Chaucer is one of the first great English authors of name ; most -LRB- but not all -RRB- literary output in English prior to this time was anonymous . Living in the 1300s , he held administrative posts of importance under Kings from the time of Edward III to Henry IV . Never one to shrink from spending too much money -LRB- he had to reapply for pensions and ask for advances several times in his life -RRB- or shying away from controversy -LRB- he fell out of and came back into favour several times -RRB- . When he died , he was laid to rest in Westminster Abbey , in a section on the south side that has since become Poet 's Corner , largely due to Chaucer , the first great English poet , having been buried there.In addition to his magnus opus , ` The Canterbury Tales ' , a collection of stories with prologue told by pilgrims on their journey to Canterbury -LRB- car radios and in-flight movies were rare in those days -RRB- , Chaucer wrote minor poems to suit various occasions -LRB- his first record as poet comes from having written a poem as elegy on the death of John of Gaunt 's first wife , Blanche , in 1369 -RRB- , and the major work for which he was noted for ` Troilus and Criseyde ' , which showed his sense of humour , power of observation and attention to detail , and keen dramatic skills in language . This work is often compared to Dante and Boccaccio , perhaps the most famous poets of the day . ` The Canterbury Tales ' is actually intended to be much longer - 120 tales told by 30 pilgrims -LRB- two each on the way to Canterbury , and two each returning -RRB- . As it is , there are only 24 tales plus a prologue - had it been completed , it would be by far the longest poem in the English language.There is a strong , practical side to Chaucer 's writing , sophisticated yet not aloof and removed from the affairs of the world , cultured yet in tune with the better -LRB- and more interesting -RRB- aspects of the common people , too.This edition by Nevill Coghill is designed for those who only want the Canterbury Tales , not the other writings of Chaucer , but want a set of the complete tales and prologue from standard texts . This is a fairly standard version that is useful for students - the Penguin classics have long been a staple for undergraduate and general readership , and this volume fits the bill nicely.For those who want the Canterbury Tales in good form , this is a good volume to get .
 Have you ever sat amongst friends , or maybe even strangers , and swapped stories with each person attempting to make their tale appear to be the most impelling . This is in essence the design of Geoffrey Chauncer 's `` Canterbury Tales '' , a collection of stories told by a group of travelers on a pilgrimage to Canterbury Cathedral . Of these stories the most noted are `` The Knight 's Tale '' , `` The Wife of Bath 's Tale '' , `` The Miller 's Tale '' , `` The Reeve 's Tale '' , and `` The Parson 's Tale '' . Chaucer , born in the early 1340s -LRB- the exact date is unknown -RRB- , lived a most notable life and had a profound impact on English literature . Much of his works are influenced by love and his distain for the Church in the form of satirical humor . The latter due impart to the corruption within the clergy and the condition of the people from their suffering of drought , famine , and disease . Chaucer 's work brought to light a new age of literature full of wit , comedy , and daily life .
 Chaucer 's The Canterbury Tales are nothing short of genius and one of the few glimpses we have into 14th century life today . Romance , Comedy , Adventure and Fantasy - there should be something here to amuse everyone.If you 're a little to intimidated by the original Middle-English version then this is the book for you . My suggestion is to read this version first , then get a copy in the original Middle-English and read that .
 To acknowledge the mastery of Chaucer you 've got to read `` Decameron '' by Boccaccio and `` The Consolation of Philosophy '' by Boethius.Read them and send me news on the online-review . .
 These tales were written so long ago and still relate to the level of morality of todays society . It is by far an extrodinary creation and should be taught internationally .
 I bought this book after reading the Pardoner 's tale in my High School English class . It 's wonderful , and the translation is great , not to mention that Chaucer is one of the best writers of all time . I think that I may slightly prefer Shakespeare , but not by much . . and many of the tales have things in them that I did n't think people even would dare talk about hundreds of years ago . . that was really cool . I will definitely read this book again , when I 'm in the mood for it . ^_^
 A fantastic book with great stories of many a people . Unless pertaining an excellent vocabulary a dictionary or thesaurus can help with those words which look as if their been made up . These stories have a twist in almost every one of them and take you by surprise ensuring a smile upon ones face .
 In my humble opinion this is the very best book every written and should ideally be read in its original middle English , because it loses a lot of its wit and humor in the modern English translation . However , if you are frusturated with middle English , find one of the many modern English translations , it is still a charming , fascinating , and wonderful book ! If you must read a translation I would suggest the translation by Nevill Coghill , it is quite good . However I must reiterate that to get the full effect of this masterpiece of the English language you must read it in its original tongue . I love my copy from the Everyman 's Library Series -LRB- I purchased mine from my favorite used bookstore , it is a 1929 edition . -RRB- and I think you would to .
 Thoroughly interesting . The organization of this book must of been very creative for the time . A group consisting of everyone from a cook to a knight set out on a religios pilgrimage to Canterbury . A humorous tavern owner suggests a way to help pass the time , everyone tells a story , and the persone who tells the best story gets a free dinner . The stories range from serious tales about chivalry and love -LRB- knight -RRB- to the disgusting and perverse -LRB- summoner -RRB- . Apparently Chaucer planned to have each member of the party tell two tales , but I suppose he did n't get around to finishing the collection . Also , I think 1 or 2 of the stories are not complete , but that 's in every edition you can buy .
 The book I am reviewing is the Bantam Classic Edition translated and edited by A. Kent Hieatt and Constance Hieatt . This volume includes a critical introduction and a helpful glossary written by the editors.The text is arranged in a format utilizing a facing-page translation.Chaucer spoke and wrote in the London dialect of Middle English which was popular during his time . In THE CANTERBURY TALES he used the device of having a diverse group of people tell two tales each while traveling together on a pilgrimage from London to Canterbury , the location of the Shrine of St. Thomas A ' Becket.Almost every social type of the fourteenth century is represented among the pilgrims such as a knight , lawyer , doctor , cook , miller , nun , merchant , monk , priest , squire and several others . Chaucer is also one of the pilgrims . Readers will recognize many of the characters as being reminiscent of their twenty-first century contemporaries . The physician , for instance , loves gold and makes a lot of money during times of pestilence . He also has a close and mutually profitable relationship with an apothecary.Anyone who recalls being introduced to Chaucer as a student long ago will find the modern texts and translations a welcome change.The result is a Chaucer who is understandable and very enjoyable .
 I got this book for english class.its not modern english.but o well .
 I just adore Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales . I felt a connection to many of the characters . I hate to admit it , but the prioress embodies my feminine side . Chaucer 's descriptions of the pilgrims were so lifelike that I felt I was journeying along side of them . I recommend this book to all who like to read . The Canterbury Tales inspired me to go on my own pilgrimmage . I set out hoping to meet interesting characters on it , such as the characters in the afore mentioned book , however I was disappointed .
 I have to be honest for you , that after reading 5 pages of the Old English version , this book became my mortal enemy ! But , when my class appointed this version to use , it came as a huge relief ! The translated version is still written in verse , but has words that I do n't have to decipher ! I never thought I would like the Canterbury Tales , but it turns out that it is quite interesting ! Chaucer 's style is very interesting , and I would recommend this book to all who thought the Canterbury Tales was a mundane classic!Happy reading all ! - Ryan S
 I had to buy it for a class . I have kept it for my literature collection .
 The product was exactly as described and successfully replaced the book I had owned and loaned out . Since it 's now out of print , a valuable teaching tool was lost to me when it was not returned . I am perfectly satisfied with the description , shipping , and service on this book !
 I bought this book as a gift for my sisters birthday . It was on her wishlist , yet neither of us realized it is a coffee table sort of book . Maybe neither of us read the review carefully ! Either way , we were both happy with the quality and the illustrations inside our beautiful.The only negative was that it arrived with one of the corners a little smushed .
 great buy got here in about one week definitely worth the wait . Great book for a great price
 Arguably one of Chaucer 's best works , the un-finished Canterbury Tales has something for all . Love , revenge , raunchy comedy and death are just some descriptions to the stories present in this volume . READER BE WARNED !!! This version is in Middle English so if you do n't know what that is be sure to look at a few exerpts because it is very hard to read . However , part of Chaucer 's lore was the way he set his poetry up .
 Clearly , during Chaucer 's time , the english language was looked down on as inderior by the other languages of Europe . The Canterbury tales were important because of the use of the venacular language of england . It represents our first look into our language .
 I strongly commend the Hieatts ' excellent contemporary translation of Chaucer 's greatest contribution to English literature . It is coupled with a copy of the original Middle English text . I found all the tales quite engrossing ; it 's hard for me to say which I liked best . I concur with previous reviewers who have said Chaucer should be read by all . Truly if one wishes to understand how English became an important literary language , then the best place to start is by reading Chaucer 's `` Canterbury Tales '' .
 In the General Prologue of The Canterbury Tales , the descriptions of religious characters resemble some of Boccaccio 's characters , in the sense that a pious title and appearance does not make a pious person . The characters with holy occupations run the full spectrum of good and evil . The Prioress and the Monk are benign characters , with mostly harmless vices and tendencies . The Prioress attempts to be dainty and `` to counterfeit a courtly kind of grace '' -LRB- 6 -RRB- . The Monk is described as a `` fat and personable priest '' who enjoys hunting and eating to the scholarly life in cloister -LRB- 8 -RRB- . The first corrupt pilgrim we meet is the Friar , who `` knew the taverns well in every town / And every inkeeper and barmaid too / Better than lepers , beggars , and that crew '' -LRB- 9 -RRB- . For a fee , the Friar grants confessions . He avoids the downtrodden in favor of the wealthy and `` anywhere a profit might accrue '' -LRB- 9 -RRB- . Unlike the Friar , the Parson is the ideal country priest , living by example . He is poor `` Yet he was rich in holy thought and work '' -LRB- 16 -RRB- . `` Holy and virtuous was he , but then / Never contemptuous of sinful men '' -LRB- 17 -RRB- . Along with the Parson rides his brother , the Plowman , also an honest worker who lives by the Gospel
 This is a very enjoyable reading of The Canterbury Tales , rendered into modern English verse . The tales are read by many voices , including those of Martin Jarvis , Jay Carnes , Ray Porter , John Lee , Malcolm Hillgartner , Ralph Cosham , Simon Vance . Appropriate accents are used by the readers.The price is right and the quality is excellent . The text is complete , except for a curious omission of the Guildsmen in the Prologue.The text of this audio book was originally published as Canterbury Tales
 This review is forCanterbury Tales -LRB- Everyman 's Library Classics & Contemporary Classics -RRB- . Please note that this version is Chaucer in the original Middle English , with easily accessible side notes and foot notes . This version is actually preferable to the Riverside Chaucer and the Norton Critical edition for simply reading and enjoying Chaucer in his original language . The Everyman 's library edition is NOT a translation , and includes ALL the tales -LRB- unlike the Norton ed . -RRB- . It 's worthwhile reading Chaucer in the original Middle English , despite the difficulty for a modern reader , because of the beauty of the poetry , which ca n't be translated . The Everyman 's edition is the easiest to use , as all the footnotes and glosses are complete and easily accessible on the same page with the text , not in back as with other editions . This edition is hardbound yet affordable and will last several lifetimes.If there were ever a `` desert island book , '' Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales is it . His story-telling ability is without parallel , and his poetry is magnificent , even better than Shakespeare , which , of course , is not a completely fair comparison , since Middle English is a more musical language than Modern English . Compare , for example , the sound of Italian to the sound of modern English , and you 'll know what I 'm talking about . Check out , for starters , the Pardoner 's Prologue and Tale -LRB- the basis for Bogart 's Treasure of the Sierra Madre -RRB- , the Nun 's Priest 's Tale , and the incomparable Wife of Bath 's Prologue and Tale . Chaucer 's Tales cover a wide tonal range , from hilarious farce , to mock-heroic , satirical , bawdy , to horrific , autobiographical , to High Chivalric and so on . Together they form a literary encyclopedia of Medieval life , history , and culture.Note
 Most people probably associate `` The Canterbury Tales '' with stuffy hoary old English professors and musty craggy libraries . It does n't help that many english classes assign the Middle English text to students . Though the original language of the Tales does n't present insurmountable difficulties for the modern English reader , many may find the task daunting nonetheless and completely miss out on all of the good stuff . This edition presents the tales in modern verse -LRB- while still maintaining the rhyming couplet form of the original -RRB- . Numerous footnotes also illuminate the vocabulary of Chaucer 's time -LRB- he worked on the tales from around 1387 up to his death in 1400 -RRB- . The tales trace the path of a group of pilgrims from the `` The Tabard '' Inn in Southwark , England to just outside the town of Canterbury . A host of interesting 14th century characters all agree to ride to the shrine of the martyr together . The host of the Inn decides to join them and makes things interesting with a contest
 If you 've ever considered reading this quintessential Chaucer classic in the original Middle English , do n't . Read this version instead -LRB- unless you just happen to be really into Middle English -RRB- . Neville Coghill does a masterful job of bringing the text into a form that is easily absorbed by the modern reader . The narrative flows smoothly in an inobtrusive meter , yet retains all the charm of the original version and enough of the old vocabulary to lose none of Chaucer 's intended flavor . Helpful endnotes are sprinkled throughout to offer explanations of some of the more obscure allusions.As to the substance of the text itself , what can one say ? The story is straightforward
 Alle that I can saye Is that these booke hath Mayde my daye Goode ! Verye verye goode !
 In Chaucer 's work , ` The Canterbury Tales ' , perhaps the greatest of English literary works from the period of the language known as Middle English , there is one particular piece that have always stood out for me . ' A Clerk ther was of Oxenford also , ` This is perhaps my favourite character , as when I first read it , it seemed to epitomise what I hoped for in my own life . ` That unto logik hadde longe y-go ... For him was lever have at his beddes heedTwenty bokes , clad in blak or reed , Of Aristotle and his philosophye , Than robes riche , of fithele , or gay sautrye , But al be that he was a philosophre , Yet hadde he but litel gold in cofre , But al that he mighte of his freendes hente , On bokes and on lerninge he it spente , and bisily gan for the soules preyeOf hem that yaf him wherwith to scoleye ... gladly wolde he lerne , and gladly teche . ` Every now and then I can not help but re-read this part of the Prologue , for a reminder of what I 'm aiming for in my own life.Chaucer was son of a wine merchant , something near and dear to my heart . Chaucer was well-read , well-phrased , well-mannered , industrious in literary and legal/administrative pursuits , as I trust I will become , if not already so qualified.As one can see from the above examples , English has changed much over the past 600 years , but not so much as to make these passages unrecognisable . Compare for yourself with a modern translation , and see how much you can decipher.Chaucer is one of the first great English authors of name ; most -LRB- but not all -RRB- literary output in English prior to this time was anonymous . Living in the 1300s , he held administrative posts of importance under Kings from the time of Edward III to Henry IV . Never one to shrink from spending too much money -LRB- he had to reapply for pensions and ask for advances several times in his life -RRB- or shying away from controversy -LRB- he fell out of and came back into favour several times -RRB- . When he died , he was laid to rest in Westminster Abbey , in a section on the south side that has since become Poet 's Corner , largely due to Chaucer , the first great English poet , having been buried there.In addition to his magnus opus , ` The Canterbury Tales ' , a collection of stories with prologue told by pilgrims on their journey to Canterbury -LRB- car radios and in-flight movies were rare in those days -RRB- , Chaucer wrote minor poems to suit various occasions -LRB- his first record as poet comes from having written a poem as elegy on the death of John of Gaunt 's first wife , Blanche , in 1369 -RRB- , and the major work for which he was noted for ` Troilus and Criseyde ' , which showed his sense of humour , power of observation and attention to detail , and keen dramatic skills in language . This work is often compared to Dante and Boccaccio , perhaps the most famous poets of the day . ` The Canterbury Tales ' is actually intended to be much longer - 120 tales told by 30 pilgrims -LRB- two each on the way to Canterbury , and two each returning -RRB- . As it is , there are only 24 tales plus a prologue - had it been completed , it would be by far the longest poem in the English language.There is a strong , practical side to Chaucer 's writing , sophisticated yet not aloof and removed from the affairs of the world , cultured yet in tune with the better -LRB- and more interesting -RRB- aspects of the common people , too.This edition by A. Kent Hieatt and Constance Hieatt is designed for those who want the major portions of the Canterbury Tales . Be advised , this is not a complete or annotated set , and the translations from Middle English to modern idiom , while good , do not come with notes to explain possible choices and phrases . This is a book to give the flavour of the major stories , and is designed for readers who want the story rather than the details . As a Bantam book , it is designed for the undergraduate or general reader , and serves this audience well.For those who want the Canterbury Tales in basic form , this might well be the volume to get .
 ... combines reviews . One person reviews the CD version of the book , while another reviews a modern interpretation of the middle english . I am here to review the book at hand , which is `` Canterbury Tales '' by Geoffrey Chaucer , published by Everyman 's library.First off , the book is complete , and rendered in middle English , so it is not for the faint of heart . Notes are given in the margins , although these generally seem useless -LRB- if you read the book aloud , you will understand most of the phrases they `` translate '' , even though your eyes wo n't believe what your mouth just spoke -RRB- . Of far greater value are the footnotes to many of the lines , which render in a modern sense some of the more obscure greetings , curses , idioms , etc. the reader is likely to find . Unfortunately , looking down at the footnotes will break your rhythm , and it can be difficult to find your place again , with so many unfamiliar words staring at you . I wish the editors -LRB- presenters ? -RRB- would have put THESE footnotes in the margins , instead of the simpler fare found there -LRB- however , I understand that some people may not read the book as easily as I did -RRB- . The work itself seems complete , however , although I am no scholar of Chaucer . Even the Parson 's Tale is found here -LRB- it is deleted in many works , since it is little more than a maudlin sermon -RRB- , although I would skip it if I were you . The poetry is incredibly pleasing to the ear , if offensive to the eye ; I can not stress enough that one should read the book aloud to hear its greatness.I wo n't review the work , since I feel I have no right to criticise Chaucer . However , the presentation here is good , with the exception of the footnote problem . While this edition is not for the faint of heart -LRB- it takes real work to read -RRB- , I would recommend it to anyone who wants to actually hear the words Chaucer heard in his own head as he wrote this .
 Wonderful to hear the characters in this great work of literature . The voices are just right for the essence of each story to come through . Having the particular tale written on the disc would be helpful .
 Obviously intended for first time readers of Chaucer , there are only four tales and their prologues . But the selections are winning , and Barbara Cohen 's telling , which reduces Chaucer 's Middle English to charming fairytale language is well done.Equally effective are the color illustrations by Trina Schart Hyman.Not having seen William Blake 's 1809 illustration of Canterbury Tales , I was surprised and disappointed to see he only did one illustration -LRB- the pilgrims leaving the Tabard Tavern for their journey to Canterbury -RRB- , and Ms Hyman has him beat a mile . She even makes some of the implicit elements of the stories refreshingly clear.Take , for example , the illustration in the Pardoner 's Tale of the three rogues discovering gold coins under the tree . They had left an alehouse in search of Death , who had just killed a friend of theirs , and had met a withered old man on the road . With great insolence , they insulted , accused , and threatened him if he would not tell they where they could find Death . The old man directs them to a tree in a grove.Ms Hyman , in her illustration , shows the old man was really Death in disguise . He is now the frightening figure behind the tree , with the skull face and his walking stick now the grim reaper 's scythe . A brilliant touch !
 I love the Canterbury Tales . Normally , I 'd just leave it at that , but I ca n't this time . I love the Tales ' crudeness , their humor , crass , sleaze , love , pain , morals and sheer entertainment value . This is one of the best translations from Middle English I 've read . I particularly liked the bit of history and guide to reading Middle English presented in the introduction .
 It makes me sad that Oprah 's books have a billion reviews ... and this one has 15 . What is this world coming to?Bah , anyway , this book is fantastic . In every sense of the word . I laughed , I scoffed , I yelled , I mused . Every story was different and fun . Every story kept me wanting more . I never imagined I would enjoy this book as much as I did . Great writing and great translation .
 Although the original version is somewhat difficult reading given that it was a poetic narrative in middle english this version is accessible to the average reader.The book is a collection of tales told by a group of travellers on their way to Canterbury . Each tale has some moral underpinning and develops themes of courtly love , morality and corruption of the religious establishments.The book is rife with symbolism especially in the description of garments facial features and scenery.Some of the tales are so tawdry that Danielle Steele would blush.Regardless , the book was very amusing and explored problems many of us face daily .
 I suppose that any freshman college student has read some of these Tales . I had a professor who read a few of them to us in the Olde English . It was really fun and you really got a grasp of where the English language was coming from - and poetry.I went on from my English class and read the whole works . They are good , classic short stories . You are really going back to the basics here . The stories are all easy to read and are about the everyday type people and their everyday lives . You get classic English literature , history , short story writing techniques , and the roots of the English language all in one medium sized book . Ca n't beat it . It 's a bargain.Richard EdwardNoble - The Hobo Philosopher - Author of : `` A Summer with Charlie ''
 The Canterbury Tales is my very favorite book . I personally enjoy the original Middle English version and would highly suggest it to all who are interested in it . -LRB- I purchased a 1929 copy of Everyman 's Library Series The Canterbury Tales from my favorite used bookstore . -RRB- Though I have read my Everyman 's Library version so many times I can repeat many sections word for word , I also own Nevill Coghill 's translation and it is delightful . It is one of the best translations of the book which I have read . I , of course , would suggest reading it in Middle English , but if you are frusturated or confused by the language then I would recommend this translation . It sticks closely to the feeling that you get from Chaucer 's original text . I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 because the Middle English version will always hold the number one spot in my heart .
 In the Nun 's Priease Tale , Chaucer utters the most startingly 4 words constructed
 This book is more a collection of short stories . Many of them are very funny , there was only one that I found my self getting bored with .
 Its a simply marvolous book to read to yourself or to your children . The enchanting stories stay in your memory .
 Chaucer has written a novel that will last throughout all time because it captivates everything that a reader wants . It has tales of humor , murder , hypocrisy , love , and religion . There is something for everybody and one of the greatest of novels of all time ! Everyone should read this book ! It 's even in an ancient dialect of English that sounds cool
 I read this during my senior year in high school . I will never forget unwinding the words and finding a truly hysterical work of fiction . It was such an adventure !
 Chaucer was a master story teller . He was a master poet . He was a master writer . He was just blessed , gifted ... there are n't enough words to express the depth of Chaucer 's talent ... his gift.This collection reminds me why I fell in love with Chaucer 's work back in college . It 's one of the more complete collections and I thoroughly enjoyed it from beginning to end.I will read it a thousand times in my life and will undoubtedly love it more with each reading !
 When everyone says that Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales are among the best of his time , I must agree . Chaucer was set with the task of creating tales told by `` nine and twenty '' people , and although these tales were never completed , the edition we do have is quite enjoyable . These twenty-nine characters , from the knight to the pardoner , describe everyday occupations during the medieval period . Chaucer uses sharp wit and occasional dirty humor to emphasize the moral lessons each tale teaches . Not only do the tales themselves teach us , but the characters that tell them . Chaucer has been brilliant to create the exalted knight , gentle prioress , rowdy miller , lively squire , and more ! If you want to experience such an absorbing classic you must read it yourself !
 I enjoy the translation . I think it 's ideal for the classroom . I can appreciate the tales that are streamlined for ease . It 's very easy to follow .
 The first story `` The Knight 's Tale '' is on par with `` Aucassin and Nicolette '' -LRB- Andrew Lang -RRB- , and The Friendship of `` Amis and Amile '' -LRB- Old French Romances , William Morris , which can usually be bought through Alibris as a used book put out by -LRB- ... -RRB- -RRB- In my own opinion `` The Knight 's Tale '' is the only reason to purchase or read The Canterbury Tales . It is unmatched if heard on audio book , Blackstone Audiobook , unabridged , read by Fred Williams , ISBN
 I remember reading this book my soph . yer in high school and sruggling a lot with the translation . But with this addition it is so much easier to fallow . His stories represent one of the motliest crews in English literature
 As I was reading the book I was confused because the book starts with the intro about the author of the tales . But as a read on the actual tales came up . I like the tales better than intro .
 The Canterbury Tales was a notably written book , with much discription and nice tidbits of information interweaved into a perfect story . It was very interesting to read this book and I reccommend it for any others who like to read short little tales as are in this book .
 This modern translation is for those who struggle with Chaucer 's original language . Coghill 's melodious verse captures the timely flow of the original text , thus preventing the reading from becoming a slow and erudite undertaking . Chaucer 's Tales were not designed for sluggish meditation , but to be read aloud in an engaging manner , which is what makes this translation an ideal buy for those who wish to experience the Tales for their original charm.The immortal Canterbury Tales is a must for all lovers of great literature . What we can witness in this noble poem `` is the concise portrait of an entire nation
 The Bantam edition -LRB- ISBN 0-553-21082-3 -RRB- , edited , introduced and translated by Peter G. Beidler , is inexpensive but readable . I like having the original on one side and a translation on the other because it enables me to make an attempt at reading the original and then check my comprehension with the translation . The introduction and notes are informative but not intrusive . It 's true that only ten of the tales are included but there is enough to keep you busy for awhile . I recommend this if you are looking for an inexpensive and portable edition .
 Although it does not include ALL the tales , most of which were never completed , this is a wonderful edition because :1 . the Middle English orginal text is on the left hand side .2 . the translation is on the right hand side .3 . each tale has a summary preceding it .4 . all explanatory notes follow the summary to each tale .5 . excellent translation of each .6 . essays at the beginning set the stage and include Chaucer 's bio , setting of religion , why the pilgramage to Canterbury was being made , and so forth .7 . incredible low price for such an edition.I found that picking up the tempo and pronounciation of Middle English was rather easy . Especially helpful if you adopt a sort of Irish/Londoner accent and read aloud.To sum , hard to go wrong with this edition .
 I was trying to find an illustrated version of the original Chaucer as a wedding gift for a friend of mine , and found this one . I did n't realize -LRB- my fault -- it 's in the Publisher 's Weekly review -RRB- that this was a child 's version of the classic . The illustrations are nice , and , quite frankly , I have n't read the author 's interpretation , but I wanted to make it clear to folks that it 's not the original text , nor even an unabridged translation .
 If you , reader , are willing to put a little time -- not that much , really -- this is your `` Canterbury Tales . '' The editors have kept most of the Middle English , with modern typography and some modern spellings , and have put the glossary , those needed words , to the side of the line of verse . I found this helpful . I could reach the Middle English and glance to the margin for help here and there . The introduction has help on pronunciation . In the end , I was reading aloud to myself in middle English and found the text no more slow-going than other English-language poetry , easier to reach and understand than John Donne.I discovered that the work is , in Middle English , funnier than the translations let on . The rhymes themselves are humorous . The poem also is earthier than the translators suggest . Why do n't you memorize and recite the opening in Middle English . Amaze your friends . Be the life of the party . Come on , what else were you going to do with your time ?
 Chaucer is an author with unusual staying power . Sure we read classical writing and appreciate it but it does n't seem to have the impact that Chaucer 's Canterbury tales still have on us . We can see ourselves and our foibles in the pilgrims he writes about and the stories he attributes to them . To think that this was written in a time period we relegate as a time period of ignorance and religion ! We can imagine that even in a time where superstition ruled there were still people that that saw the world quite similarly as we do today and certainly Chaucer was among that group.This version is incredibly well translated and provides a succinct introduction including a nice brief biography of the author . Also the notes are pretty good - I just wish they were footnoted rather than all in the notes section.So if you if you think reading a work that is six hundred years old might be a little boring start in out of sequence and go right to the second tale - The Millers Tale . Like something straight out of a Jerry Springer show if this story does n't give reason to laugh than I do n't know what will . The only hang up you may have is reading in the metered format that the tales are written in . I will say that it is not difficult to get the rhythm o the words and before long you wo n't even notice . The book is relatively thick but it is fast reading so do n't be discouraged by that - its well worth it . Reading Chaucer gives a glimpse of how the secular mind worked in the middle ages . He provides straightforward writing that isnt simple but yet isnt overly complex verbose . Without being totally austere he can tell interesting stories quickly and , since -LRB- as we all know -RRB- brevity is the essence of wit , be remarkably funny.If you are reading this for school you should be excited to know that not only are you reading a seminal work of secular English writing that is referenced throughout our culture . Also it is actually fun to read . If you are thinking about reading this just for fun you are doing the right thing I waited too long to pick this book up and but I am really glad I did it is thoroughly enjoyable and while while a little historical background may help I doubt you will need a degree in history to appreciate this one . -- Ted Murena
 Geoffrey Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales is perhaps the best literary work of the Middle Ages . He paints a lucid picture of life during this time period and his familiarity with every social class , as well as his vivid and comical descriptions of his unique characters , makes this poetic book charming . Chaucer embraces several genres , some of which include romance , satire , and fabliau . He uses the voice of a naive narrator . However , one should not conclude that the point of view expressed is his entirely because this may very well be literary trickery . Canterbury Tales is as modern and entertaining today as it was six hundred years ago , with themes such as the corruption of the church , which ironically is still prevalent today .
 The wife Bath Tale opens up with a Prologue . In the Prologue the wife of Bath gives us her opinion of the purposes of men and women in relationships . She is a really colorful charecter . In the actual story a yong knight rapes a young maiden.The queen orders him to find out what women want most and if he refuses he will be put to death . The knight finally meets an old women who tells him that if he will marry her she will tell him . This is one of the best stories I have ever read I recomend it anyone
 This is a great edition of the prologue , the illustrations really accent the story very well .
 This translation is one of the best that I have ever seen !
 `` Our Host called out ` Be quiet , that 's enough!Shut up , and let the woman tell her tale.You must be drunk , you 've taken too much ale.Now , Ma'am , you go ahead and no demur . ' ` All right , ' said she , ` it 's just as you prefer , If I have licence from this worthy friar . ' ` Nothing , ' said he , ` that I should more desire . ' `` This is the translation that I cut my teeth on -LRB- along with probably millions of others in classrooms around the world -RRB- , and so I have a predisposition to praise Coghill 's work.There 's something about this translation that smacks of authenticity ; the simple rhyme scheme and antiquated , if easily comprehensible , English really make us feel that we 're reading the words as Chaucer wrote them . There 's nothing in the way of analysis or notes ; after a brief introduction that lays out who Chaucer was and where the tales come from , he lets it rip.The tales themselves are deserving of their fame because of the way that they manage to be maintain a literary value and yet still appeal to the masses . While each tale stands alone -LRB- and some of them stand alone very well indeed -RRB- , the device of a group of disparate strangers stuck together that comprises the frame is exceptionally captivating . There 's something very neat and pat about the concept
 If you have n't read the Canterbury Tales in their native language than you are missing out . It is n't very hard , once you get in the flow of things it becomes just like reading anything else . The Bantam edition allows you to read the translated or the native version . I was disapointed at the amount of tales in this edition though . I was looking for a fuller picture of the tales , yet the translaters picked the tales that they fealt were the most important and I did enjoy it very much . For any of you out there that want to read the full Canterbury Tales in Middle-English I would suggest the Norton Anthology of Middle English Literature . That is Volume 1A of their English literature Anthology . It shows the full story without any translations . It is very exstensively annotated though , so you can decipher the Middle-English vocabulary.No matter what edition you read though , your in for a genuine literary treat .
 Chaucer , the father of English uses the `` Canterbury Tales '' to define a time period not known to many . Like many poets he uses and wrote for the specific contexts within which he lived . His works are like a mirrror to his time . During this time there were many medieval and courtly romances to pursue one another to a direct point . Being a engrossed student and an avid reader Chaucer knows just what his feelings are and expresses them quite frequently throughout his work . The Canerbury Tales , is a story of pilgrims that come together and set off on a pilgrimage to the shrine of St. Thomas . Chaucer made his groups of pilgrims into a picture of the society of his time of which the like is not to be found elsewhere . In the journey there are men of a variety including a squire , physic , a man of law , carpenter , and a knight to name a few . Also a wife of bath who tries greatlty to show her defense of being married five times . This is a story that Chaucer puts together brillantly to show the effects upon life during his time . The contrast between apperence and reality are use of the general prologue and Chaucer 's great power of vivid description . The Canterbury Tales still remain , to a larger extent , a measure of the English society of the 14th century as it covers a cross-section of the society of that time era .
 G. Chaucer delivers a perceptive depiction of Old Europe in this raunchy classic . The lingo is exquisite and often NC-17 . Not to be missed .
 Well written and beautifully illustrated . A good introduction to Chaucer for young and old . A very good winter read indeed . .
 This book was ordered as part of a bundle of textbooks needed for the Fall 2012 semester . The books arrived within two days due to my Amazon Prime subscription , and were in brand new condition . I am very satisfied with my order and all of the products have been very useful in my classes this semester . I will continue to buy books from Amazon in the future !
 I really like this translation of the Chaucer classic . I like the fact that while being a modern language translation , it still keeps the work in verse form . I like the demonstrated ease of reading , my kids in English class like it for that reason . The older translations are good as well , but I feel the this translation is one that will allow Chaucer , and his stories to live on forever in the minds of modern readers . David Wright deserves just credit for making this available to the general readership.I will not review any of the stories because I think it wise to read them yourself and understand the truly effective use of irony in English writing .
 Disclaimer
 I read Chaucer 's `` Canterbury Tales '' in Middle English in college . I also read them in a paperback version that `` updated '' the language . Both versions were a lot of fun to read -- I say `` fun '' even though reading such a long tale from so long ago in poetic form is n't easy . Still , I was very impressed with the way Chaucer told his story . I confess I was awed that a writer from 700 years ago could frame his tale around a long journey and people it with specific characters , each of them very , very real , from how they looked to how they spoke . On top of that , I was impressed with the way each traveler 's chosen tale revealed something about that particular traveler
 ***** Chaucer 's `` Canterbury Tales '' are timeless . The tales -LRB- mostly in verse , although some are in prose -RRB- are told as part of a story-telling contest by a group of pilgrims as they travel together on a journey from Southwark to the shrine of Saint Thomas Becket at Canterbury Cathedral . These stories paint pictures of medieval life , theology , and culture.And this edition is most preferable to me . I highly recommend it ! *****
 I recieved this book on time and in excellent condition . I 'd definitely recommend this seller .
 Had wanted to read this for about 15 years , but it 's funny how more books are published and then you have to read them ? How ` bout that ? This book has been out six centuries , so I guessed another 15 years would not hurt me . Chaucer 's facility with language , his ability to rhyme , his familiarity with the human condition , and his ability to link the human conditions to elements of people 's trades and careers at this time truly make this book one which paved the way for many other satires , multi-person narratives , and rich , nuanced tales of particular events at particular times.This book is endlessly satisfying . I found Chaucer 's poetry to be very intelligent , with allusions to the work of the day , to cultural references , to fashion , to religious beliefs , to prominent figures in the world at that time , and most of all , to allowing his imagination not to be limited by expectations on the limits of his writing . The stories in the book come via the relating of experiences told by travelers on their way to Canterbury . At times , the stories are considered too dry or too preposterous or perhaps they are too derivative . But Chaucer imbues the multiple characters , the minister 's wife , the metalworker , the barrister , the civil servant , with characters who respond as mentioned to stories , if the stories are not seen to be up to scratch . Many of the stories concern sexual hijinx . Some concern convoluted family relations , some concern work concerns . Chaucer 's currency with the lives and ways of many in 14th century England make the book rich and satisfying . He was a master poet and it seemed that Chaucer enjoyed spinning these tales for the more privileged who would have read this book at first . It is not surprising , however , that the book has remained current . The interests , themes , and topics from which Chaucer very ably spins his tales remain relevant today .
 The Canterbury Tales is so appealing due to it 's diverseness . Chaucer was involved with every level of society during his time . This is shown with how the characters are so well-rounded . The short , but insightful description of the travelers is also helpful in picturing this group riding on thier way to the shrine of Becket . A great book everyone should read , but one of those you have to be in the mood for . Also do n't expect a continuing theme or story , but short stories that sometimes leaves you hanging .
 Book is very well written -LRB- translated -RRB- and maintains the feel of Olde English and the references to God -LRB- unusual these days -RRB- . Though it includes only a few of the tales and is sparsely illustrated , my children love to hear the stories and we love to read them . It is an exceptional introduction to Canterbury and the time period , for around ages 7-10 .
 The Canterbury Tales is the chronicle of a contest . A storytelling contest between pilgrims on their way to Canterbury . This is probably the best translation I have read . It does have some downfalls the author excluded some of the tales including the Parson 's tale which is actually meant to be a conclusion -LRB- Chaucer died before he could finish the tales -RRB- . Other than that the book is very good . It does break some myths and sterotypes we have about people of that time and some of the stroies are rather humorous and could still be considered humorous in todays society .
 Hi everyone - I havent read this version but in Sophomore Honors English at the high school which I attend we read the prologues and tales of the Wife of Bath and the Pardoner . I look forward to reading the other tales independently . For all who like to have people raise their eyebrows as they see you reading such a prestigious sounding book -LRB- which , unlike Shakespeare , requires little explanation if you are familiar with the times -RRB- you should look into this work . Chaucer does an excellent job hiding sub-plots within the compelling tales . This is a classic which I will read without being forced to by my own will for a 4.0 GPA :--RRB- . Its clever rhyming scheme keeps interest during the slower spots -LRB- which are few and far between -RRB- . All of the pilgrims can be easily related to and represent real problems in society during Chaucer 's time . The Canterbury Tales is worth reading and reccommending .
 Early this year , I took a trip to the Huntington library in Los Angeles where I saw a copy of an early manuscript of the `` Canterbury Tales '' and a little voice told me it was time I read this classic I had heard about most of my life but had never touched , not in high school or college.I knew nothing about the `` Canterbury Tales '' other than it was very old and written by Geoffrey Chaucer . I only vaguely knew it was n't written in modern day English . I knew that I wanted to read the book in middle English because of a quaint notion that I needed to hear Chaucer 's voice speak to me over the centuries . I might not understand much of it but at least I would have the experience , like with Shakespeare of a kind of intimacy was the text.The first attempt at the `` Tales '' was a Norton critical edition but I purchased it before realizing it only contained nine of the tales . So then I searched for a more expansive edition that contained all of them , even the fragments and the often discarded , Parson 's tale . That lead me to this one edited by A.C. Cawley . It cost me $ 3 dollars and was published in 1975 which gave the book itself a ye olde flavor . Add to that the musty smell and I felt very comfortable with my book.Cawley does n't over do the glosses and annotations to Chaucer 's tales but he select the seemingly right word or phrase to offer up in modern English that helped my comprehension . I should admit that I used two other aids , Peter Ackroyd 's retelling and also an Oxford guides to the Canterbury Tales . They were useful and I will review them separately.So what to make of the classic itself ? My overarching feeling was that Geoffrey Chaucer must have had a devilish glint in his eye . That for all the piety , the religious sentiments and moral teaching contained in the tales , I came away with the sense that he did n't take any aspect of humanity too seriously . He saw in himself and others the absurdist , contradictory , peevish , sinful , humorous makeup of humanity . I relate to him because of that . Other thoughts are that it sucked to be female during those times as women had no autonomy , being forever tethered to a husband or father or cast aside as a widow or nun . And yet men feared women 's sexuality to such an extent that it could cut short a woman 's life through no fault of her own . The other thought is about how a religious world view was front and center and commerce was a minor matter . Yes , people wanted to be rich and powerful but only if it did n't jeopardize ones standing with God . And many occupations were somehow connected to the church , it was the corporate state in its day .
 The Canterbury Tales by Geoffrey ChaucerThis ebook is probably the best place to start with Chaucer , father of English poetry and the originator of comedy in the English language .
 This is a good translation . Coghill has masterfully captured the essence of Chuacer . The tales never fail to amuse , enlgihten , and teach me about life . Note
 In my humble opinion this is the very best book every written and should ideally be read in its original middle English , because it loses a lot of its wit and humor in the modern English translation . However , if you are frusturated with middle English , find one of the many modern English translations , it is still a charming , fascinating , and wonderful book ! If you must read a translation I would suggest the translation by Nevill Coghill , it is quite good .
 Chaucer is as religious , if not more so , than his Italian counterpart Dante . The Canterbury Tales , as mentioned in most of the review prior to mine , recounts the soujourn of twenty-nine pilgrams to Canterbury . Chaucer had original intended , or so it would seem , to write four tales for each pilgrim -- two to be told going to Canterbury and two to be told on the return from Canterbury . It is very likely that Chaucer omitted the twenty-five or so tales that he did for a stoutly religious reason -- that once you meet God in your life -LRB- which was the intent of a pilgramage -RRB- there is no returning . This is why the pilgrims are never seen leaving Canterbury . In all , the tales tell a very strong moral tale . Nearly every line of this wonderful work can be interpreted with a religious overtone and it is no doubt that Chaucer intended for it to be this way . In closing I would like to make reference to a review I read on this page . The short story for in no way came out of this work . The development of the short story can only be attributed Edgar Allan Poe . To suggest that the short story evolved from this would be a grave error . That aside this is a wonderful tale on the surface level and a morally deep tale if you chose to read into it .
 This translation allows you to read the stories , which often are in poetry , with pleasure . I found the stories to be earthy , funny , but sometimes sad .
 These tales , in any translation , are a great example of 14th century English folktales and stories . They are actually more enjoyable if read in the old English language , although it is a bit difficult to understand . These tales were penned as poetry by Geoffrey Chaucer sometime between 1380 and 1390 . Chaucer is extremely funny if crude , and each of these twenty-four tales is a gem in it 's own right . He has based his format on 24 mythical pilgrims that are travelling together to get to a religious shrine . This type of religious pilgrimage was extremely popular in Chaucer 's day . Anyway , they help to pass the time of their travels by each telling a tale . These individual tales enable the reader to get a very clear glimpse of the personality of each of the storytellers . The tales are all different and range from bawdy to religious sermons , but they are highly entertaining . I have read these tales numerous times and I never grow tired of rereading them .
 It 's easy to forget how enchanting and how modern Chaucer was . The setup of this edition enables the reader to enjoy the joyous musicality and the distinctive voices of the original poetry and -- when he runs into trouble -- to glance at the facing page where a literal prose translation clarifies obscure meanings . It 's surprising how seldom this is necessary .
 Coghill - a friend of Lewis - provides a very fresh and loyal translation -LRB- a verse translation -RRB- to Chaucer . Nothing of course is better than the real thing , but I suggest this always as a happy second .
 What would it be like if you had to make a very long journey on horse back ? Pretty boring , right ? But what if someone had the brilliant idea of telling stories on the way there ? That would make the trip go a lot faster . This is the premise of the Canterbury Tales . There are a lot of people who all want to go to the shrine of St. Thomas a Becket at Canterbury Cathedral . They all met at a pub when the pub owner said that they should all tell one story on the way there and one on the way back . The version of the Canterbury tales only consists of four of the one hundred twenty eight that were told.The first story that is told by the Nun 's priest . This story is about a poor widow who lives on a farm . As you get further in this story it starts retelling the story of a chicken and a hen . This chicken had many wonderful hens around him . `` This noble rooster ruled over seven hens , whose work it was to please him . They were his sisters and his wives . '' -LRB- pg . 20 -RRB- But there was one hen named Lady Pertelote that he liked the most . One night he had a dream about a fox eating him . The next morning he told Lady Pertelote and she thought it did n't mean anything . A couple of days later a fox tricked him to shut his eyes and then the fox snuck up behind him and snatched him in his mouth . He was saved by the widow.The next person to tell was the pardoner . His story was about greed . There were three people who were searching for death because they heard of all the horrible things he had done and wanted to kill him . While on their way they met an old man who told the men , `` If you 're so anxious to find Death , turn up this crooked road . I left him in that grove , under a tree and there he 'll stay . '' -LRB- pg . 41 -RRB- So that 's what they did . When they got there they saw a sack full of gold and decided not to chase after Death but take the gold by night . They decided for one of them to go into the city and get wine to celebrate . The person that went was the youngest of them all . While he was gone the two thought up a plan to kill the third one so that they only had to split the money between them . The third boy wanted the money all to himself so he poisoned two of the bottles of wine and left one free of poison for himself . As he got the tree the two men killed him and they celebrated by drinking the wine and they died too . In the end they all got there wish . They met Death.Those two were my favorite and the next two are by the Wife of Bath and the Franklin . The wife of Bath is about a man who threatens the life of another if they do n't tell him what women want . The franklin 's tale is about women who loved a man who left her and she was very sad . Nothing could make her feel better . If you want to know what happens at the end of these stories you 'll have to read the book.Historically this book is very good . It is based in the year of 1386 . It show the life style of people who lived in the middle ages . It taught me that not all people were rich back then . It is historically spot on but the thing about this book is because it was written in the middle ages all the living conditions are right but it 's very whimsical . Chickens ca n't talk , and Death is n't a person . In a way it shows how people thought back then . It tells us that some people might have wanted to meet death . Maybe in a physical way because they wanted to die or they just wanted to see someone death took away from them.The reason I liked this book was because of the old English . I like taking in the metaphors and deciphering it . If you like Shakespeare then you 'll most likely like this book . It is very whimsical and magical . It shows the people in the middle ages in a very metaphorical way . This book shows how life can be mystical and great even when you do n't except it .
 Over some period I have read several translations of Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales . My first experience , selections in a high school text , was not promising . -LRB- Perhaps , I was not yet ready for Chaucer . -RRB- Translating poetry from one language to another is difficult and often unsuccessful . Translating Chaucer from Middle English is not much easier . English has changed dramatically in the last 600 years , to the point that Middle English is nearly indecipherable . For example , we read Chaucer 's description of the Knight 's appearance : Of fustian he wered a gipoun -LRB- Of coarse cloth he wore a doublet -RRB- Al bismotered with his habergeoun -LRB- All rust-spotted by his coat-of-mail -RRB- A glossary , diligence , and time are required for reading the original Chaucer . If you choose to do so , the Riverside Chaucer edition -LRB- edited by L. Benson -RRB- and the Norton Critical Edition -LRB- edited by Olson and Kolve -RRB- are highly recommended . The Signet Classic paperback edited by D. R. Howard modernizes the spelling a bit , but largely adheres to the original Chaucer and is an easier introduction to Middle English.Although in most cases the instructor assigns a particular version of Canterbury Tales , it can be exceedingly helpful to pick-up an additional version or two . A slightly different translation may entirely surprise you , even resonate with you , making Chaucer much more enjoyable . I suggest that you look for these versions : Selected Canterbury Tales , Dover Thrift edition - provides a poetic , rather than literal interpretation , and is quite readable . The collection of tales is fairly small , however.Canterbury Tales , Penguin edition , translated by Nevill Coghill , is an excellent poetic translation . It is a complete collection , arranged by Group A thru H , and also includes The Parson 's Prologue , The Parson 's Tale in synopsis , and Chaucer 's Retractions . Coghill 's translation remains my favorite.The Canterbury Tales , Bantam Classic paperback edited by Hieatt , uses the `` facing page '' format with the original Chaucer on the left and a modern literal translation on the right page . I found the literal translation a little wooden , but this edition can be quite helpful if you need some help with Middle English . -LRB- A guide to phonetics , grammar , spellings , and a glossary is provided . -RRB- Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales -LRB- Barrons Educational Series -RRB- uses an `` Interlinear Translation '' format in which each line of Middle English is followed by a modern translation -LRB- literal to make the comparison easier -RRB- . I rather like this approach.Canterbury Tales , John Murray Publishers , London is hard to find , but provides a partial translation to modern English , maintaining as much as possible of the Middle English . This rather clever approach is somewhat risky , but the translator H. L. Hitchins pulls it off . With some effort I could follow the text without continually referring to a glossary and in a limited way I was `` reading Middle English '' . Canterbury Tales , Pocket Books , prose translation by R. M. Lumiansky , is easy to read , but while this prose format adheres to the storyline , it is only a shadow of the poetic Chaucer . It might prove useful if you are not comfortable with poetry.Good luck . Reading Chaucer is really worth the extra effort .
 The question is not whether to read the Canterbury Tales , but whether to read them in this translation -- or whether to go for the Middle English with all its difficulties.I 'm a purist . As a Chaucer teacher myself , I 'd say read the tales in the Riverside Chaucer or in the Norton Critcal editon with lots of footnotes . But , yes , that is harder , and I 'd rather see readers get some experience than none.So , if you are going to compromise , Nevill Coghill 's poetic translation is really as good a place to go as any . You will get the basic sense of Chaucer 's verse ; you 'll get the basic rhymes and rhythms too . This is the translation that 's used in most high school classes , and in many college survey classes that do n't read the text in the original . It 's really a fine compromise -- not only a good place to start , but also a decent trot if you are struggling with the Middle English.You can find some closer translations of some of the tales online if you look up Michael Murphy 's websites . But for all their virtues , they do n't have the smoothness of Coghill 's renditions ; Murphy 's translations are not the complete Tales ; and it 's clunky to print them out . This economical edition is probably still the best place to start with Chaucer , father of English poetry and the originator of comedy in the English language .
 The version of this classic I read was a translation into modern English by Nevill Coghill . As you can see above , I awarded Chaucer -LRB- and the translation -RRB- five stars ; but I do have a criticism . This translation -LRB- and many other publications of Chaucer -RRB- do not contain the two prose tales -LRB- `` The Tale of Melibee '' and `` The Parson 's Tale '' -RRB- . These are rarely read and I understand the publisher 's and the translator 's desire to keep the book to a managable size . Still , that should be the readers decision and no one else 's . I had to go to the University library and get a complete copy in order to read those sections . As I mentioned , this copy is a translation into modern English . However , I do recommend that readers take a look at the Middle English version , at least of the Prologue . Many years ago , when I was in high school , my teacher had the entire class memorize the first part of the Prologue in the original Middle English . Almost forty years later , I still know it . I am always stunned at how beautiful , fluid , and melodic the poetry is , even if you do n't understand the words . Twenty-nine pilgrims meet in the Tabard Inn in Southwark on their way to Canterbury . The host suggests that the pilgrims tell four stories each in order to shorten the trip -LRB- the work is incomplete in that only twenty-four stories are told -RRB- . The tales are linked by narrative exchanges and each tale is presented in the manner and style of the character providing the story . This book was a major influence on literature . In fact , the development of the `` short story '' format owes much to these tales . All of the elements needed in a successful short story are present
 Over the years , this book has been banned upways , sideways , and down . Thanks to the Comstock Law -LRB- 1873 -RRB- , Geoffrey Chaucer 's ` The Canterbury Tales ' was prohibited for sale in the United States due to sexual situations and swearing . -LRB- In other words , the fun parts . -RRB- It continues to be abridged for content and language across the United States.I read Canterbury Tales a while ago . It was an abridged edition . Severely abridged . Entire sections and tales were cut out , for PC and conservative reasons both . I reread it in an unabridged edition , and while even a truncated Chaucer is beautiful , I see how much I missed.Yes , the Tales may be anti-semitic and sexist and Chaucer probably killed puppies just to see their expressions . It 's still a beautiful example of writing . Rather than limit himself to portraying the upper classes and more refined manners , Chaucer elected to portray `` low '' manners and tastes as well , giving a more complete picture of life as he saw it . The completeness of the Tales for that time period blows me away.It 's long , but it 's worth it . If you can , find an edition that keeps as much of the original language and slang as possible . It 's slower reading , but his skill shines through .
 Over some period I have read several translations of Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales . My first experience , selections in a high school text , was not promising . -LRB- Possibly , I was not yet ready for Chaucer . -RRB- Translating poetry from one language to another is difficult and often unsuccessful . Translating Chaucer from Middle English is not much easier . English has changed dramatically in the last 600 years , to the point that Middle English is nearly indecipherable . For example , we read Chaucer 's description of the Knight 's appearance : Of fustian he wered a gipoun -LRB- Of coarse cloth he wore a doublet -RRB- Al bismotered with his habergeoun -LRB- All rust-spotted by his coat-of-mail -RRB- A glossary , persistence , and considerable time are required for reading the original Chaucer . If you choose to do so , the Riverside Chaucer edition -LRB- edited by L. Benson -RRB- and the Norton Critical Edition -LRB- edited by Olson and Kolve -RRB- are highly recommended . The Signet Classic paperback -LRB- edited by D. R. Howard -RRB- modernizes the spelling a bit , but still largely adheres to the original Chaucer.Although your instructor will most likely assign a particular edition of Canterbury Tales , it can be exceedingly helpful to pick-up an additional version or two . A slightly different translation may entirely surprise you , may even resonate with you , making Chaucer much more enjoyable . I suggest that you look for these versions : Canterbury Tales , Penguin edition , translated by Nevill Coghill , is an excellent poetic translation . It is a complete collection arranged by Group A thru H . It also includes The Parson 's Prologue , The Parson 's Tale in synopsis , and Chaucer 's Retractions . Coghill 's translation remains my favorite.Selected Canterbury Tales , Dover Thrift edition - provides a poetic , rather than literal interpretation , and is quite readable . The collection of tales is fairly small , however.The Canterbury Tales , Bantam Classic paperback edited by Hieatt , uses the `` facing page '' format with the original Chaucer on the left and a modern literal translation on the right page . I found the literal translation a little wooden , but this edition can be quite helpful if you need some help with Middle English . -LRB- A guide to phonetics , grammar , spellings , and a glossary is provided . -RRB- Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales -LRB- Barrons Educational Series -RRB- uses an `` Interlinear Translation '' format in which each line of Middle English is followed by a modern translation -LRB- literal to make the comparison easier -RRB- . I rather like this approach.Canterbury Tales , John Murray Publishers , London is hard to find , but provides a partial translation to modern English , maintaining as much as possible of the Middle English . This rather clever approach is somewhat risky , but the translator H. L. Hitchins pulls it off . With some effort I could follow the text without continually referring to a glossary and in a limited way I was `` reading Middle English '' . Canterbury Tales , Pocket Books , prose translation by R. M. Lumiansky , is easy to read , but while this prose format adheres to the storyline , it is only a shadow of the poetic Chaucer . However , it can be helpful if you are not comfortable with poetry .
 In addition to its literary importance , Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales are an enchanting reading experience . The Bantam Classic edition presents the tales in Modern English translation alongside the Middle English so that one can fully appreciate the tales as Chaucer composed them , or if you 're just in the mood for a fun romp you can speedily read the translation . The tales themselves move at a quick pace , so beginners will probably enjoy the modern version much more.The Canterbury Tales revolve around a group of 29 on a pilgrimage to Canterbury Cathedral to pay homage to the martyred St. Thomas a ` Becket . The members of the pilgrimage come from all walks of life , including a Knight , Prioress , Merchant , Miller , the ever-entertaining Wife of Bath , and many others . The Canterbury Tales are the pilgrims ' stories and each one reflects the individual character 's personality beautifully . One ca n't help but feel a part of this lively group.Whether you like a bawdy , raucous tale or a morally sound fable you will definitely find something entertaining in this book . I laughed out loud several times and found Chaucer 's use of symbolism , wit , wisdom , and the glimpse into 14th Century life absolutely fascinating .
 I remember slogging through The Canterbury Tales in Middle English when I was in high school and although the language is beautiful , having to take time to decipher it all did diminish somewhat the enjoyment of a terrific collection of stories . Since most of us are more comfortable with modern English , a good translation makes all the difference , and Nevill Coghill 's excellent translation does full version to Chaucer 's book . Reading this version takes the work out of it and makes `` The Canterbury Tales '' a pure pleasure.Chaucer writes about everyman and his stories represent one of the motliest crews in English literature
 CHAUCER
 The Canterbury Tales were almost ruined for me by my freshman English Lit class . They insisted on making us read it from The Norton Anthology of Literature , which of course is untranslated . This is pointless . Unless one is a specialist or going for a doctorate there is no point in reading The Canterbury Tales in Middle English with all those endless footnotes . It takes one of the greatest books in English Literature - or World Literature , for that matter - and makes it torture . I have no need of `` thilke '' or `` willhem '' or `` clepen . '' That is why Nevill Coghill 's translation is such a boon . Now we can enjoy it in our own language the way the fourteenth-century English did -LRB- in truth , it is not that hard to translate as many of the words stay the same -RRB- . I have taken to reading it , not as a novel , but as a collection of short stories - skipping around as I please . I think it is agreed that the best parts art the Miller 's Tale , The Pardoner 's Tale , and The Wife of Bath -LRB- and the Prologue , of course -RRB- which makes for excellent starting points .
 `` Brilliant '' is the right word for Chaucer , I think . Not `` magnificent '' - it sounds too authoritative , and authority was one thing Chaucer had little regard for . I mean this not in the sense that he devoted himself to passionately tearing down authority - simply that his ultimate motivation was to parody , sometimes to satirize , and just generally to poke fun . The mood of the work as a whole is one of a game , interspersed with various asides from both Chaucer and his various characters beseeching the readers not to take what they say too seriously and to maintain a general spirit of fun.The backstory to the telling of the titular Tales -LRB- alliteration ! -RRB- is that of thirty pilgrims , each given their own unique introduction in the prologue -LRB- though some , such as several priests , are lumped together -RRB- , travelling to Canterbury to the site where Thomas a Becket was killed by Henry II - of England , of course . The host of the Tabard Inn , Harry Bailey , suggests that they make a wager where they each tell two tales on the way to Canterbury and two on the way back , and whoever tells the best tales gets a dinner to be paid for by the rest of the party . But this is fairly unimportant - what is important is the characters , the tales , and Chaucer himself 's relationship to both.The tales snowball off one another in such a way that , while it is certainly possible to read them non-chronologically , the best understanding of the work as a whole is achieved by just reading straight through - and then once more after that , as some earlier stories reference characters not fully given a chance to shine until later in the work . For example , during the Knight 's tale of courtly love , he himself pokes some very subtle fun at the typical absurd purity of his Medieval romantic characters , which prompts the Miller to tell a fabliau tale in which similar high romantic rhetoric is used simply for the purposes of hot , dirty , extramarital sex at the expense of a poor , old , foolish carpenter , prompting the Reeve -LRB- himself a carpenter -RRB- to revenge himself on the Miller by telling a tale in which a cruel , stupid , thieving Miller 's daughter and wife are both raped by young students whom the Miller has tricked . The cycle of degradation of the romance finally ends when the Cook begins a tale of a prostitute , Chaucer trailing off the tale without ending it , presumably because he has already made his point - namely , the dichotomy between ideal views of romance in the eyes of higher , aristocratic figures , and the realities of romance -LRB- or , rather , lust -RRB- in the eyes of the common figures of the day . And yet , despite this , the dirty , crude , ribald fabliaux of the Miller , Reeve , and Cook actually reinforce aristocratic feeling of superiority.I could quite easily go on , and on , but I will not . Suffice it to say that this is perhaps the greatest -LRB- in terms of sheer worth , not puffed-up self-importance -RRB- , most entertaining , most rewarding work in all English literature . I intend to read the untranslated version as soon as I can . Speaking of which - Coghill 's translation is quite excellent , with smooth-flowing rhymes and handy footnotes -LRB- although sometimes their placement did seem a bit arbitrary - why did he feel it necessary to explain what a Summoner was , but not what a Manciple was ? -RRB- My one criticism was that he decided not to translate the prose tales of the Parson and Chaucer 's Tale of Melibee , giving a self-written summary in their stead . While the summaries were fine , and perfectly informative , I want Chaucer , dammit ! But all in all , a fine job , Mr. Coghill .
 This version will appeal most to those who have read and studied The Canterbury Tales and enjoyed them.The Canterbury Tales are best heard aloud . With commentary by Professor Murphy and talented actors , the various tales come appealingly alive . Chaucer 's Middle English has its archaic words explained , and leaves the beauty of the meter and rhymes intact.The tales explore primarily relations between men and women , people and God , and consistently challenge hypocrisy . The tales also exemplify all the major story forms in use during the Middle Ages.The book 's structure is unbelievable subtle and complex , providing the opportunity to peel the onion down to its core , one layer at a time . Modern anthologies look awfully weak by comparison.Although the material is old , the ideas are not . You will also be impressed by how much closer God was to the lives of these people than He is today . The renunciation at the end comes as a mighty jolt , as a result.My favorites are by the miller , wife of Bath , pardoner , and nun 's priest.Where do you see the opportunity to give and share spiritual and worldly love ? How can you give and receive more love ?
 Chaucer has the talent of telling a good story , and if you read a Modern English version , the tales are enjoyable , but so much is lost . Chaucer uses words that can give a story many different meanings . If you really want to get into Chaucer , look at the words that he uses ... they can tell a story of their own or just give insight into the deeper meaning -LRB- and there is always a deeper meaning -RRB- . You may want to read a Modern English translation first , just to understand what the overall message is , but I recommend reading the Middle English version to discover the deeper meaning that Chaucer is trying to get across .
 Listening to the Canterbury Tales as an audio book is probably the best way to fully appreciate them , as they were certainly conceived to be listened to and not read silently for oneself . The narrators are varied and talented ; they certainly succeed in bringing out the most from each tale . Also , the excellent translation makes the work perfectly accessible and easy to understand.This unabridged version makes one realize however that this work was never finished or has been incompletely transmitted to us . For instance , the first tales such as the miller 's and the reeve 's are cleverly linked to one another . Sadly , soon enough afterwards , no structure is perceptible and tales simply follow one another with no apparent logic.In addition , the unabridged version includes lesser known tales , some of which are dismally boring , such as the Tale of Melibee or the Parson 's Tale , both in prose . They are closer to a long series of quotations than an actual narrative . Was Chaucer being ironic in including them ? Or else , are they later additions that Chaucer did not write himself?Overall , listening to the Canterbury Tales is a unique experience that is highly recommended to all , for sheer delight but also to realize how much , and how little , our culture has evolved since medieval times .
 At the Tabard Inn , thirty travelers from a diversity of classes and occupations are planning to make the annual pilgrimage to Becket 's shrine at Canterbury . It is agreed that each traveler will tell four tales to help pass the time , and the host of the inn will reward the best storyteller with a free supper when they return . The Canterbury Tales is a sometimes bawdy , sometimes spiritual classic , skillfully translated into modern English and presented in an unabridged audiobook format . Read by Martin Jarvis and a full cast , The Canterbury Tales reveals the trials and travails of daily life in late fourteenth-century England through stories , conversations , jokes and arguments between travelers . Truly the most memorable way to experience this literary classic , The Canterbury Tales is especially recommended for public library collections . 17 CDs , 21 hours , tracks every 3 minutes for easy bookmarking .
 In order to understand English litterature and the English language , many have read , or at least tried to read , Chaucers `` Canterbury Tales '' . I too did begin -LRB- and sort of finished -RRB- the work in Middle English , which is not as hard as one might be lead to think , but is quite labourious and painstakingly slow at times . With this version , a great compromise has been found , translating it as true to the original as possible yet in modern English . I know that every time you make a rewrite or translation , things are lost , but sometimes it is necessary , or just quite convenient . This is one of those times.It is great fun reading the Canterbury Tales . The structure of the work makes it very accesible and easy to pick up after some time away . You could treat it as a whole entity or as a collection of short stories centered around a group of persons on a pilgrimage . One of the books that any decent home library should n't be without .
 If you were force fed this in school and did n't appreciate it at the time I invite you to revisit this and see what we may have missed the first time around . Chaucer is not only enlightening concerning the varying natures of the characters he introduces but he is also extremely funny . My favorite selection is the somewhat bawdy Wife Of Bath but it 's all good . Well worth picking up again if you 're at all curious .
 I got this version of `` The Canterbury Tales '' over my spring break -LRB- Partialy because that is the time of year the story takes place . -RRB- and a instant obsession was sparked between me and the fine black ink printed on the paper . I remember getting up before the sun rised just so I could sit in the quiet and take in every word the book had to offer.It is so poetic its like a smooth flowing song , often you forget you are reading and drift off . Dozens of memorable lines fill the book , especially the first couple paragraphs in the General Prologe . Characters like the Knight and The Wife of Bath really become memorable , and almost 700 years later you can almost still relate to the stories they tell . I can not stop praising this book . I highly recomend it .
 The Canterbury Tales by Geoffrey Chaucer inform us of what is was like to live in the Middle Ages and experience a real pilgrimage . This does not read like a novel , rather it is a frame-story that includes a collection of short stories for each character . A Knight 's Tale is the classic court romance with chivalry and contempt , although a bit long , it is one of the better tales in this compilation . Chaucer emits his satire exceedingly well through the tale of the Pardoner , sure to entertain the witty reader . Other tales consist of just plain humor , as in the Carpenter 's Tale and Reeve 's Tale . Do not let the Middle English prohibit you from reading this , for this edition includes both the Middle English , which not exceedinly difficult to read once you get into the rhythm , and modern English . The Canterbury Tales is an absolutely wonderful collection of stories that has something to offer each reader .
 Essentially every other version of Chaucer is either in the original Middle English , which is very hard , or in a modern translation , which hardly seems worth the bother . This edition reaches a happy middle
 While this is one of the better translations of The Tales I 've seen , it 's still unfortunately a translation . Even with a perfect translation , much of the rhyming and character of the original is lost . On the other hand , you can also lose much of the essence of the story by reading the Middle English text simply because the vocabulary can be so different -LRB- even though most of the time you can guess the meaning -RRB- . Your best bet is to buy a copy of The Tales that keeps the original text but adds a line-by-line translation . The book may be twice as thick , but this way you can both read it the way Chaucer intended it to be , and read the translation right under the original words in case you 're completely baffled by the vocabulary . I recently found a copy like that at a garage sale for 50 cents . It was the best 50 cents I 've spent in a long time .
 This is an excellent book for those who wish to travel to Laos , or even those who wish to begin learning lao in small steps . I purchased this book in order to learn the language at a quicker and more simplified pace . It contains not only basic phrases that one might need to know in order to conduct ones self in the main parts of Laos but also be able to learn some of the country 's culture as well . Even though studying an entirely new language can be laborious , Mr. Cummings has made it easy for anyone to be bilingual , even multi-lingual .
 Besides my Lao Dictionary , this is * the * Lao book I carry around daily with me . I wish I could post a photo of my worn out dog-eared copy . I agree w / the one reviewer who said the transliteration is a little wacky , however the Lao script is generally `` spot on '' . -LRB- I 'll mention transliteration with Lao is a less than exact science -RRB- It 's one of the few if only books outside of the books attempting to teach Lao that handle things like Grammar . . very handy for the traveler . It also throws some Lao culture in for good measure to make sure you do n't do something offensive to the local people . Great book , worth the money and besides ... it 's so small you can fit it in your pack/bag pretty easy .
 The Lonely Planet phrasebooks have come a long way since the days when the foreign script portion was merely hand-written in the space beside the romanized portion . The Lao phrasebook is representative of that new generation , and it is pretty impressive . Along with all the usual categories of phrases one would expect to see -LRB- greetings , directions , lodging , food , shopping , health , numbers , dates , emergencies , etc. -RRB- , the splendidly informative introduction provides an interesting background on the spoken language and script , followed by a great section on pronunciation and grammar . There are interesting cultural notes dispersed throughout the book , and a vocabulary list at the end . Its compact size makes it ideal to carry in one 's pocket . On the down side the marking system used in the romanized portion to indicate Lao tones is a little confusing and under-explained , but all-in-all a great little phrasebook .
 Very good book , especially for someone that do n't understand a lot of English . They could always use as reference anywhere they go . Again , good book and excellent choice for someone who wantsto learn English . -LSB- reasonable -RSB- price and great book , what can I say .
 As I began reading `` Echoes Among the Stars , '' I was immediately taken with Walsh 's prose-like style . His poetic descriptions of man 's fascination with the moon and John Glenn 's return to space make this book thoroughly enjoyable and very readable . It is written so smoothly and with such emotion that I actually forgot I was reading a nonfiction , historical study . Walsh 's love and knowledge of the subject make it easy to understand the outer space passions of such famous figures as Stephen Hawking and Tom Hanks . His thoughtful , storytelling-style will help readers such as myself not only visualize Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin 's famous journey , but feel what they and the country felt and experienced when they took that fateful stroll on the cratered moon surface.I was no space buff , but I am now , thanks to Walsh 's thorough and clear explanations , and attention to the historical significance of the many facets and missions that made up NASA 's successful space-aeronautics program . As Walsh juxtaposes the development and advances in the program against the important events taking place in the U.S. at the time , as well as the Soviet 's own space program , I felt as though I not only was reading about the time and the events in question , but had experienced them myself . This was a courageous and successful approach that resulted in a wonderfully interesting and emotion-filled retelling of the adventure that is the U.S. space program .
 Echoes Among the Stars by Patrick J. Walsh is not only a concise lesson in the history of the U.S. Space Program , but also a lyrical tribute to man 's quest for knowledge . Walsh 's book methodically and elegantly recalls the missions that led up to Neil Armstrong 's first captivating step on the moon , fulfilling President John F. Kennedy 's vision , and continues to trace the development of the Space Program through the voyages of the space shuttles.Walsh imparts the episodes that inform America 's modern psyche with the adventuresome spirit with which they were undertaken . I keenly felt the valor of the astronauts . Creating a parallel between the space programs of the USSR and the United States , Walsh demonstrates how the competition between the programs led to `` a handshake across the heavens . '' By placing the events of the Space Program within the political and social context of the United States , the magnitude of NASA 's accomplishments becomes even more striking . The useful chronology at the end of the book is a wonderful , succinct reference of achievements and tragedies sustained by both the Soviet and American space programs alongside political and social events.In a nation that seems to be consuming itself with political angst , Echoes reminds the reader of the powerful patriotism that has made the United States great . Passages relaying the greatest accomplishments of the astronauts-John Glenn 's first earth orbit , Ed White 's first American spacewalk , Neil Armstrong 's first steps on the moon , Tom Stafford and Alexei Leonov 's handshake-as well as the greatest tragedies-the losses of the Apollo I and Challenger crews-are treated with accomplished storytelling skills that left me filled with emotion . A well-crafted history , Echoes is also a rarity-a truly graceful narrative . Echoes belongs on every well-appointed book shelf in the United States .
 First of all , let me state that the subtitle of this book should really be something like , `` A Short History of the Manned US Space Program up to 1975 , '' since there is very little information on the Space Shuttle and International Space Station programs and almost nothing on unmanned missions . About half of the book concentrates on the Apollo program . On the flip side , there are some nice discussions on the competing Russian programs . I think a good rating for this book should be 3 stars if you 're a space nut and know a lot about the space program and 5 stars if you 're a novice space nut . Regardless of your level of space knowledge you 'll find this a well written and easy to read book.The book opens with a small chapter on the early unmanned space race to place the first satellites in Earth Orbit . The book then movies into the Mercury and Gemini programs and presents the competing Russian projects . The section on the Gemini program presents a good summary of each mission , its problems and accomplishments and shows how this program proved many of the concepts , like docking , needed to make Apollo the success that it was.The next few sections of the book cover the Apollo missions to the moon and the various steps of the program . The first chapter covers the Apollo 1 fire , the subsequent investigation and changes made to the vehicle . I found this chapter especially refreshing since it avoided the gruesome details of the astronauts ' deaths which is not always the case with some books on the space race . The next section covers the precursor missions , Apollos 7-10 , which led up the first moon landing which , of course , receives its own chapter . The next two chapters cover Apollo 12 - 17 and provide some very good summaries of these missions . It is interesting to note that during these times , the comparative Russian manned space program is almost at a complete standstill.After the moon landing chapters , about half of the book , the Skylab and Apollo-Soyuz Test Project are discussed . I found the section on Skylab extremely disappointing . Here was a program that more than doubled US spaceflight time and which conducted many important micro-gravity related experiments , yet it only receives six page of text , less than half that of the Apollo-Soyuz Test Project chapter . The final chapter of the book covers the last 27 years of manned flight and only examines the most important missions . It just seems that the author ran of steam covering everything that happened after the moon landings took place .
 MILTON ROSENBERG , THE AUTHOR OF WHOM I 'M NOT FAMILIAR WITH , DOES A OUTSTANDING JOB OF EXPRESSING FACTORS , IN THE CONSISTENCY , OR LACK THREREOF CONCERNING HIS PHILOSOPHY OF CHANGE , AND THE VARIOUS ATTITUDE 'S , LEADING UP TO THAT , FACTOR OF CHANGE ... THIS BOOK STRICKLY FOR THE VERY INTELLECTUAL , OF WHICH I 'M NOT IN THAT CLASSIFICATION , STILL MADE INTERESTING READING , FOR A LAYMAN ...
 Because many of the stories Pellegrino told appeared in no other books , including the British and American Inquiries into the sinking , I and other Titanic Historical Society members bought into the widely-voiced notion that Pellegrino 's facts were `` all made up . '' As it turns out , he and Walter Lord have over the years assembled an entire library of unpublished expedition logs and survivors ' accounts , the full contents of which were recently reproduced for THS and Earthship tv . Referring to the accounts as `` a real eye-opener , '' THS historian Don Lynch , who recently sailed with Pellegrino on James Cameron 's 3-D Imax filming expedition to the Titanic , found the author to be a true seeker , blessed with hyper-energy and an undying sense of wonder that makes him seem at times like an overgrown child , `` if not occasionally like a class 1-A pain in the neck ... but a lovable pain in the neck '' . As for the availability of the library , Pellegrino has begun to post it on his web site , fully annotated , and downloadable by an `` honor system '' by which readers will hopefully send donations to the Michael J. Fox organization for Parkinson 's disease research -LRB- where Fox makes sure that every dime goes directly to research -RRB- . This tells me everything I need to know about Pellegrino and the Titanic .
 I have noticed that Paul Quinn 's excellent books have been sharply criticized as being based on no new information . Nevermind that he is one of the few people who really does the hard and much required work of studying the details of the British and American inquiries into the loss of the Titanic . Then , when Pellegrino comes along with books based on actual expedition research combined with nearly a half century of unpublished letters and collected diaries - the collection being the life 's work of Walter Lord -LRB- one of America 's most respected historians -RRB- - these same Quinn critics attack Pellegrino specifically because he presents information they have not read before . They claim , without investigating any further , that because it 's not in the British or American inquiries it must be all made up . So you 're damned if you do present new information , damned if you do n't . It seems to me that new writers on the subject of Titanic just ca n't win for losing.When I wrote to Pellegrino for information on Titanic survivors Edith Russell and Alfred White , he sent me copies of letters and memoirs . This does not seem to me like someone who is `` making it all up . '' The stories may seem unbelievable , but that is precisely why the titanic stirs so many emotions . It is , as Pellegrino writes , `` all the wondrous horror of a Greek tragedy penned by God with Shakespeare as his muse . ''
 This is the first book since `` A Night to Remember '' that actually carries you back through time to the decks of the sinking Titanic until you actually feel it yourself . You feel the emotions of the people that night - and then you are yanked forward in time to the expeditions that first discovered and explored the Titanic , and then Pellegrino moves you back and forth in time again and again from the night of the sinking to the expeditions until at last you become , like James Cameron 's Rose , unstuck in time . It is easy to see how Cameron was so moved by Pellegrino 's morphings through time . A reading of this scientist 's other books reveals that he seems to be unable to tell a tale in linear fashion . In both `` Unearthing Atlantis '' and `` Ghosts of the Titanic , '' he unfolds archaeological investigations by telling the whole history backwards ! It is difficult to imagine what he will do with time next . But I 'll be there for the ride . You can bet on it .
 Charles Pellegrino is an outstanding author-of-all-trades , who really hits the mark here . His interest in both the Titanic then and now makes his view unique . Touching , Funny , Sad - This book has it all . Read this book before any other -LRB- except Lord 's books -RRB-
 I came to this book through a rather round-about path , first introduced to the author through some papers he had written on advanced nuclear propulsion systems for rockets . Then some of my colleagues at the Air and Space Museum told me that the guy wrote mind-bending techno-thrillers on the side -LRB- and he does ! -RRB- , and finally I came to his non-fiction . I happen to be a hard-core engineer/test pilot and have always considered myself about as hard-boiled as they come . But when I read about Thomas Andrews and his men in the engine room - and about Rosa Abott and her two boys , I was really overcome and I just had to put the book down and leave the room before my wife and the kids saw that my eyes were full of tears .
 Those familiar with the work of Charles Pellegrino know that his writing always drifts from the distant past to the present to the distant future , connecting disparate circumstances together into a coherent `` big picture '' by way of entertaining discourses on paleontology , archeology , biology , and astrophysics , to name but a few of the fields Mr. Pellegrino has worked in . In `` Her Name , Titanic '' , the disparate events in question are the sinking of the ocean liner Titanic in 1912 and its discovery on the ocean floor in 1985 , as well as subsequent missions to document the Titanic 's wreckage more fully . `` Her Name , Titanic '' presents previously unpublished information about the sinking of the Titanic in the form of fictionalized narratives and direct quotes from survivors , based on newly discovered -LRB- at the time of writing -RRB- diaries and communication logs . There is much discussion of the technology and accomplishments of deep sea exploration , including interviews with Bob Ballard and other members of the teams that discovered and explored the Titanic wreckage . I did n't like `` Her Name , Titanic '' as much as I usually like Charles Pellegrino 's books . This book actually focuses on one subject more than most of his books do , which turned out not to be a good thing . I found Pellegrino 's enthusiasm to be somewhat less infectious than usual , as the middle portion of the book bogged down with too much talk about deep sea submersibles . Of course , if this is your field of interest , you may find that part of the book fascinating . Titanic aficionados will be thrilled to read new accounts of what happened that night in April 1912 . I give the new information 5 stars and the more tedious aspects of the book 3 stars , so 4 stars as a whole .
 This unique and fascinating book goes beyond any TITANIC bookthat has ever been written . It is perhaps the most dramatic account of the sinking of the legendary `` unsinkable '' Cunard liner -- and of the incredible , science fiction-like finding of the ship . `` As ropes were unhooked and boat number fourteen struck out , portholes still glowed below the surface . From five feet under , in a room that was still unflooded , a man was peering out into the ocean . Adjacent portholes illumunated the white bottom of a lifeboat . Looking up , he watched it cast away ... `` Time seemed to have come unstuck the day the TITANIC 's grave was discovered . An empty lifeboat davit turned up on the robot ARGO 's tv screens , and suddenly it was 1912 again , suddenly the horrors came spewing out like a nightmare from the past . Scientiests burst into tears , and many who saw those first pictures suffered what they later called minor nervous breakdowns . The world looked on , dumbfounded by the fallibility of man 's suppsedly most invincible creations.HER NAME , TITANIC includes a vivid portrait of explorer Robert Ballard , the brilliant leader of the expedition that discovered the TITANIC 's remains . The author portrays Ballard and his crew in a compelling style unlike that of any other book on the subject . Charles Pellegrino is a scientist as well as an author , and he describes in riveting detail the scientific aspects of the machines and the processes involved in the expeditions.But more than that , this is the first book to go beyond the headlines . By delving deep into the meaning of the TITANIC , which has evolved slowly from tragedy to symbol , and by putting himself into the minds of the people who play the characters in the drama . Charles Pellegrino has created a spellbinding work of oceanography that succeeds in illuminating new truths about the meaning of science -- and about the tragedies and joys of the human adventure .
 This is definitely one of the best non-fiction books I 've read . Paired with Bob Ballard 's book , and `` A Night To Remember '' , you get a full picture of the maiden voyage of the ship that `` God Himself could not sink '' . Mr. Pellegrino 's first-hand account of the expedition to find Titanic along with his carefully written narrative of her last few hours , puts you in a position where you just ca n't put the book down , even for dinner ! If you 've already seen James Cameron 's `` TITANIC '' and think you 've seen the final word on the tragedy , think again . Get this book!Doug Griswold
 `` Her Name , Titanic '' is an incredible tale of the Titanic , and Her tragic misfortune . I highly recommend it for anyone interested in the ship 's past , crew , passengers , story , myths , route , disaster , and capivating spells . People also interested in space exploration will find this book fascinating . Charles Pellegrino did a phenomenal job in paralleling inner space , and outer space.In `` Her Name , Titanic '' we are invited onboard , to explore the ship at our leisure , on the surface , as well as on the ocean floor . We share the passenger 's experiences during the time of disaster , and are able to envision the Titanic 's last few minutes during her maiden voyage.It is a well written piece , and contains the ability to take the reader into a lifeboat , granting us permission to hear the cries of disbelief , fear , and shock , over the ocean 's surface that dreadful night . With Pellegrino 's descriptive words , and use of metaphors , the readers are able to observe the bodies floating helplessly in the North Atlantic , and feel the life-saving grips of survivors on the edges of lifeboats pulling them to safety . Readers can feel the ice-chilled water temperatures , and the chill in the air biting at their bodies , while turning from page to page.This book envelopes the reader completely , as the ocean enveloped the Titanic itself . I found it an entertaining peice , as well as a tragic peice . A piece written in truth , as well as misery.The Titanic has held thousands of people under Her spell , for almost a hundred years , myself included . Reading this book , you will discover some of the reasons why , if you have not encountered them yet . Run , do n't walk , to the nearest bookstore , or library , and read this story . Enjoy ...
 Charles Pellegrino is a born storyteller - and he 's working with one of the most fascinating true stories of history . Who can resist that combination ?
 I loved the book and would recommend it to all my friends ! I do n't really understand why there is so much animosity towards the book . I 'd written to Dr. Pellegrino on why no other writer on the Titanic seems to have the information that he does . I was told by Dr. Pellegrino that it was due mostly to the access he had to some forty years of correspondence between Walter Lord and Titanic survivors . It seems to me that the animosity shown towards his book stems more from jealousy on the parts of the other historians because they were not granted the same access to the correspondence.Oh well , I guess the small-minded pettiness that people are capable of show up in all professions and all areas of study !
 Dear readers , This book was definitly worth reading . Not only does it give information about the finding of the '' Unsinkable Ship '' , there is also a story going on at the same time about her fateful night . I have to tell you though , it 's heart-wrenching and emotional at times . Some of the information it gives is about the machines used to find the TITANIC , and stuff like that . That was a little hard to understand for me , and it probably would also for young children . I hope you enjoy this book , as you go back to the TITANIC .
 This book does not just tell the story of the Titanic . It combines first-hand accounts of the sinking , interviews with the crew that found the Titanic many years later , and also includes an afterword which tells what became of the people and the ships discussed in throughout the book . `` Her Name , Titanic '' is an excellent book for anyone who is interested in or wants to find out more about the sinking of the unsinkable ship .
 When I first saw this book in my local book store about a year ago , I thought
 Charles Pellengrino took me back to 1912 , just like Walter Lord did seven years ago when I first picked up ANTR . The information about Thomas Andrews gave this remarkable man a humanity that was previously lacking in many accounts of the sinking . I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in the sinking , as well as anyone interested in Thomas Andrews . There unfortunately is n't much on him , which is a shame for all Titanic enthusiasts .
 I love Charles Pellegrino . I read this book four years ago and have read other books by him which possess the same brilliant scientific analyses yet contain an intimacy of the subject rarely found in nonfictional books . I could easily imagine standing beside him looking over the water in sorrow . Although the movie was truly outstanding , it cut some of the most crucial scenes out -LRB- the radio controllers -RRB- . READ the book to find out what the movie missed !!
 This book made me cry for alot of reasons . But mostly for the humanity . It the dozens of books that I have read on Titanic , none compares to this one . I liked the author to know that I hate him for it and love him for it just the same . He ruined my day with the harsh reality and changed my life with it 's inspiration . Thomas Andrews would be amazed . Oh yes , he would be utterly amazed . - Jaime N. Rinne/Titanic Historian
 Unbeknownst to BobQualls , one can not be `` overemotional '' over ` Titanic ' . God knows that Hollywood slime James Cameron is n't . This book is provocative , accurate and poetic . Compare evidence with Ballard and Lord .
 I read Titanic in the early part of 1997 . I found the book fascinating , especially to one who knew very little of the disaster and the uncovering of the broken ship . I have recommended the book as a must read to many of my friends . Skip the movie and read the book !
 Her Name , Titanic is unlike other books written about the Titanic -- such as A Night to Remember -- because it puts the reader in the mind of those on board , and even more so into the minds of those who discovered her twelve years ago . To read this book is , as Pellegrino puts it , to marry the Titanic
 I may only be 15 years old , but I 've been studying the Titanic for many years now . I read this book , and a lot of it does seem hard to believe , like how the wireless operators were joking around . But this book is worth reading , especially if you 're just looking for something to enjoy .
 Birthright is a unique and enjoyable campaign centering , this time , on mass combat and diplomacy , rather than hack-and-slash of standart dungeon crawls . Surprisingly , the settings , cultures , and characters are fresh and lifelike , despite the system 's overall age -LRB- 25 years -RRB- . Some of the areas have n't been described in optimal detail , but perhaps this is best for those who want to be able to expand upon store-bought accessories . This campaign is very interesting , with many things going for it , albeit it is somewhat taxing on the role-playing abilities of some beginners .
 This book is excellent for all the information you may want to know on dutch ovens , how they are manufactured , seasoning , storage , care , how to cook -LRB- several ways -RRB- , etc. . There are only a few recipes which are good . I would buy this book again as a reference book . It is great to give as a gift with a dutch oven .
 Mr. Fears takes the reader from point A to Z with every bit of information you could possible need . This beautifully photographed book includes various qualities of dutch ovens , how to season them properly , accessories , care & maintenance and many tasty recipes ! Our next camping trip will have an easily achieved gourmet element !
 This book has just saved me from worrying about gifts for my friends and relatives who camp or hunt . I plan on giving this book to many friends . The book is a great mix of history of the dutch ovens and the food cooked in them . I find it well written from the non-expert 's view and would make a good book to introduce people to dutch oven cooking .
 While the book has recipies , that is not the focus of this book . More than half the book is teaching you about the dutch oven and how to use it . Then , the recipies take you further by teaching you as you go . If you want recipies -- forget it . If you want to learn how to select , care for , and how to cook in a dutch over -- this is great !
 There are many tips and tricks the author shares in this book that makes it stand out from other Dutch oven books I have read . I have n't tried any of the recipes yet , but I picked up this book because it has a wealth of practical information that I have never seen gathered in one place .
 I purchased book 1 when I was about 10 years old and could n't locate any of the other books for the life of me.Now , I have books 1 , 2 and 4 , and this is one of the best horror series I have ever read . It 's a seemingly simple tale that takes dynamic twists and turns , with a finale that is very difficult to predict.Just an outstanding book , and a fantastic series .
 PAST LIES by Bobby HutchinsonFebruary 6 , 2006Amazon rating 4/5 `` Ivy Pierce and her father Tom work together at Raven Lodge , Alaska , entertaining tourists . They 're in a remote part of the state , where access is only by boat or helicopter . Ivy spends a lot of her time taking visitors up in their rented helicopter , for a better view of the cold beautiful wilderness that surrounds the lodge . Ivy and Tom are close , and both love the cold , stark arctic land.Along comes Alex from San Diego , in search of answers about a father he never knew . Alex is a city-boy , who does not belong in the wilds of Alaska . Though he and Ivy fall for each other , Alex is clear about his need to stay uncommitted . He is still dealing with the death of his three-year old daughter , the subsequent divorce from his wife , and now the knowledge that the man he thought of as his dad was not his biological father . He is in Alaska to find out the truth about his real father , the one he never knew existed until just recently . His world has turned upside down , and a new relationship is the last thing he thinks he needs . '' - Complete review at BookLoons - M. LoftonThe romance rang true for me in PAST LIES but I did n't buy Ivy 's mother 's character -LRB- the supermodel -RRB- . The life they had in Alaska was enough to keep me interested however , and was well worth the read . Recommended .
 In Valdez , Alaska helicopter tour guide owner Ivy Pierce assumes upon meeting Alex Ladrovik that he is another vagabond looking to temporarily work for food . However , he shocks her when he stays around to continue to help her after her partner-uncle has a heart attack . Already attracted to Alex before his kindness , Ivy sleeps with him.Alex has no time for romantic alliances as he follows the route his father took three decades ago before vanishing . However , he can not leave Ivy at a time she needs help . Even harder for him is that he falling in love , but he has a mission to complete and a home in California waiting for his return . She wants him to stay , but can understand why he would not want to remain in a cold pristine wilderness.This is a fabulous contemporary romance with a touch of a mystery -LRB- what happened to his dad ? -RRB- that emphasizes falling in love in a remote area , the stark beauty vividly described . The lead couple is a delightful charming pair as Ivy and Alex are every attracted to one another though her initial impression is that he is a homeless hobo and his is of a frontier woman who needs no man . The suspense is actually in the romance as fans will wonder whether he stays , he goes home alone or she goes with him.Harriet Klausner
 The book really starts out examining how risk management can affect a system with positive expectations . The main point he is making is that your average profit should be greater than average loss , which is true enough . Unfortunately , there is an implied assumption in this section that suggests you can change the stop without impacting the probabilities of success -- i 've found this not to be true in my own trading . I would certainly liked to have seen some mention of this in the book , but that 's a bit of a nitpick to be quite honest.In the book , Mr. Guppy uses the 2 % risk model Elder uses . However , there are bits missing . For example , he has no real way of limiting risk . He has a model whereby through diversification and position limits , he will limit outstanding risk to 20 % . However , from my brief reading of the book -LRB- I plan to go over it more thoroughly later -RRB- , there is nothing stopping you from entering another 20 % worth of positions , and another 20 % . Stopping your entire portfolio out several times . Sure , I hear you say , this could never happen to a top trader -- however , if it happened to Steve Walton < See Stock Market Wizards > , I suspect it can happen to you.Overall , I think this is an excellent book , and I learned quite a bit from it . Mr. Guppy 's writing style may not be quite as polished as some writers , but I think it 's still quite good . If you are a position trader , i 'd highly recommend this book -- if you opt for the swing or daytrading timeframes , I think you might be better off with Elder or Tharp -- although it certainly does no harm to study all of these authors , as they each have a lot of really good things to say about this topic . I think this book may indeed be destined to be in fine company , alongside Elder and Tharp . This work is much stronger and generally more useful than his earlier work , Market Trading Tactics .
 I traded for over a year before I read this book . My bookshelf is full of books on technical analysis , day trading , swing trading , candlesticks , etc. , but none of them are all about money management . As the author demonstrates , with charts , graphs and examples , how you manage your trades is more important than the accuracy of your technical analysis . Various entry and exit stratagies are compared graphically to show you the dollar results obtained for the same trade using different stratagies . I highly recommend this book , to the beginning trader and to the experienced trader whose portfolio contains a number of losing positions .
 Ellen Glasgow -LRB- 1873-1945 -RRB- was a successful writer during her lifetime , but , alas , her work is too little known today . It is due for a revival . Glasgow lived most of her life in Richmond , Virginia , and was critically praised as an early naturalist writer . She attempted to describe the South without the romantic accretions of `` Lost Cause '' mythology that arose following the Civil War.Glasgow wrote Vein of Iron in 1935 , and the book placed second on the best-seller lists that year . It is typical for her work which bridged the gap between serious and popular literature . I first read this novel three years ago and was pleased to have the opportunity to reread it as part of a book group . I was surprised at how much I had missed -- and probably got wrong -- on my first reading . If serious literature can be characterized as a book that bears reading slowly and more than once , then Vein of Iron has met this standard for me.The book is set primarily in rural Virginia from about 1901 through 1935 -LRB- running into the first term of President Roosevelt -RRB- . The story centers on the Fincastle family of Scotch-Irish descent which has lived in what has become a rundown manse in the small fictional village of Ironside since before the Revolutionary War.Several family members get a great deal of attention in the novel . Ada Fincastle is a young woman in love with a young man named Ralph McBride . She loses Ralph , as a result of a forced marriage to a rich , selfish girl , Janet Rowan , who claims Ralph got her pregnant . She ultimately marries Ralph , but only after a two-day torrid affair in the woods before the divorce between Ralph and Janet is concluded . Ralph returns from WW I cynical and disillusioned and the couple struggle to retain their love for one another.Ada 's father , John Fincastle , is the other major character in the story . Fincastle is a Presbryterian minister who has been defrocked `` after he had told the Presbytery he rejected the God of Abraham but accepted the God of Spinoza . '' -LRB- p. 45 -RRB- Fincastle has spent his life writing a multi-volume work of philosophy , heavily influenced by a combination of philosophical naturalism , German idealism , Spinoza , Schopenhauer , and , I think especially , Buddhism and Eastern thought . Glasgow herself was a religous seeker of an unorthodox cast who had been fascinated with Buddhism when young . I found her portrait of John Fincastle compelling.The main characters also include Ada 's grandmother as well as Fincastle 's wife , who dies early in the book , and a character named Aunt Meggie all of whom retain traditional Presbryterian religious convictions and all of whom are sympathetically portrayed.Much of the theme of the book is stated in the title , as the characters , regardless of their differences in religious outlook maintain their fortitude and strength in the face of difficulty , adversity , and change . Besides fortitude and interior toughness , the second large theme of the book , I think , is human compassion . As the family suffers and observes the suffering of others during the Great Depression , John and ada , in particular , come to realizew and to put into practice the value of limiting one 's own egocentrism and trying to work to alleviate the sufferings of others . There is a Buddhist mantra that is repeated at several important places in this novel
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Vein of Iron , written in 1935 , is the saga of a Virginia family who live through changing times . It starts in 1901 when the central character Ada is 10 years old , and she is deeply disappointed when , even though she has saved up her money for a doll with real hair , she has to settle for a cheaper doll that she does n't want . This sets the tone of the book , which is filled with the realities of life 's struggles and disappointments . It also deeply explores religion and faith as Ada 's father is a former Presbyterian minister who has lost his faith and there is constant conflict between right and wrong as well as tradition and change.The title refers to the vein of iron within the characters , especially the women , which keeps them going throughout adversity as they struggle through their personal challenges as well as the social changes creating upheaval around them . The love of Ada 's life , Ralph McBride , is stolen by the trickery of a supposed best friend . He eventually does come back to her as a soldier off to fight in the World War and their two-day illicit romance results in a pregnancy , which alienates her from her beloved Grandmother . Later , after her lover comes back from war , disillusioned by his experiences on the battlefield , their marriage is marked with more disappointment and struggle as they leave their beloved mountain home and move to a large town . When the Depression hits , and her husband loses his job , she finds work selling gloves in a shop where her wages keep getting reduced and the family struggles to put food on the table . There 's always compassion though for those even less fortunate and we get to know their small community of neighbors.There were a lot of themes going on at once in spite of the simplicity of the words . Yet the story itself was so engaging that I was reading it on the bus one day and went two stops past my usual stop . The sense of place is dominant throughout and I was transported into the author 's world . It was not always a pleasant place to be , especially during those Depression years , but I totally related to it all , and admire the `` vein of iron '' in the author , as well as in her characters . Recommended .
 Ellen Glasgow is definitely an underrated American female writer ; how many have heard of her ? She writes elegantly and truthfully . The setting for Vein of Iron is an area of rural Virginia where I spent much of my childhood . I do n't think it has changed much ! In this novel , there are wonderful passages about the impact of Christian beliefs on the life of the people who settled in the region -LRB- which can surely be generalized to many rural settlements throughout the U.S. -RRB- . Glasgow creates a fascinating character in Ada 's father , who struggles with his spirituality . Ada is strong , faithful , optimistic - just as I imagined our female predecessors to be at that time . This is a character-driven , setting-driven novel , and I loved it . My daughter surprised me with it for mother 's day . Thanks , daughter !
 The story of Ada Fincastle begins at the turn of the century in the small village of Ironside , Virginia . She is a good-natured child living modestly with her family . Her father is an `` ex-communicated '' minister turned farmer ; who writes philosophical books in his spare time . Her mother , aunt , and grandmother take care of the house.As the story commences , Ada 's boyfriend , Ralph , and her have a fairly serious relationship . However , Ada 's best friend , Janet , who is rich and spoiled likes Ralph and wants him . Ada and Ralph have a fight at a party and Ralph goes home with Janet . Ralph was caught in Janet 's room -LRB- looking for a photograph -RRB- and was forced to marry her because of this moral transgression . Janet had schemed this from the beginning.Ralph 's marriage does n't work and divorces Janet before the start of World War I. Before Ralph leaves for France , he and Ada have a weekend in the woods and Ada eventually winds up pregnant . However , Ada is willing to accept the scorn because they were 2 days of bliss . When Ralph returns from the war they marry.During the roaring 20 's they move to a big city and begin acquiring possessions and money . However , Ralph is injured in a car accident and they are forced to spend their savings . Just after his recovery , the Great Depression hits and they find themselves in dire straits.The purpose of Glasgow 's epic tale is happiness . Ada and Ralph are reminded often that they experience the deepest happiness when they are together . Happiness in possessions is shallow and when examined for their `` true happiness '' it is often revealed to be not even present . Happiness can also be a double-edged sword ; often when life takes away happiness one remembers with regret other times when one was happy . Ada wonders throughout the book why God allows happiness to be fleeting.The book was very slow to start . About 40 pages into it I was debating on putting it away . However , I gave it another 50 pages and it was getting better . I am glad I made my way through it . The descriptions and scenes of the desperation , especially those of the Great Depression , rival those of Steinbeck 's . Glasgow 's characters are typical and are similar to those found in her other books . Her examples of the moral changes that came after the first world war are also priceless -LRB- I loved it when Ada was shocked when her boy came home and said the world `` Lousy '' . -RRB- Also , one can see many similarities between the roaring 20 's -LRB- and its declining morals -RRB- with those of the 90 's . The characters worried and said almost the same things that newspaper pundits are saying today .
 Not really a review , but I collect Ellen Glasgow books . It should be noted in her bio here that she won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction in 1942 for In This Our Life . I do n't see that book here on Amazon , but it should be since it was a Pulitzer Prize winner . I saw that some say her books are `` overwritten , '' but you must take them in the context of when they were written . She is a wonderful author and depicts life in the South and rural America extremely well . Her real gift is her insight into her characters and what makes all of us human .
 The Confraternity of the Precious Blood is well known for producing pocket sized editions of work geared to aspects of Christian teaching . They have material on the Psalms arranged around the `` Book of Hours '' . They had a great edition of `` Christ in the Gospel '' from 1949 that featured readings that brought you through the ministry of Christ through accumulated common features of the 4 Gospels in a six month period . They also have a New Testament that is arranged for getting through the entire NT in six months of daily readings . However , this particular classic work is given a stellar treatment , much like the book of Psalms and Christ in the Gospel in that it features pen and ink artwork by the great artist Ariel Agemian . The full page drawings are very impressive and stunning . His art provokes thought on the eternal condition of your soul as you read through the classic Thomas a ' Kempis text that is so appropriate for reflections on daily living and building your prayer life up from perhaps a time of fallowness.If you could select any book on faith that would be useful to carry in your pocket and atmospherically remind you each day to think about your relationship with God then this is the work to buy . When I was young and I first heard of `` The Imitation of Christ '' , I thought , here we go , another book that throws quotations at you and bores you to death with points of law . Well , when I finally opened it and checked it out , was I ever wrong ! It is one of the greatest works ever written for getting you to think about God and your relationship with him and the true vanity of this world . All the more enhanced by this Confraternity of the Precious Blood edition ! Well recommended ! -LRB- The Confraternity of the Precious Blood is a cloistered convent group , aided by Priests and staff to outreach to the world through the publication of these works , based in Brooklyn NY , since the late 1800s -RRB-
 The Confraternity of the Precious Blood 's version of My Imitation of Christ is perfection . It comes in a handy pocket-size , and it is managable when read one chapter at a time -LRB- just a page or two -RRB- . They are little nibbles of spirituality that can be read in the morning , reflected on throughout the day , and built on . With time , it is much like chipping away at the block of old , bad habits and slowly molding and practicing new , better ones . The practice of perfection in virtue can be overwhelming , but My Imitation of Christ is inspiring and deeply provoking . This is not a book about Catholic rituals and prayers - this is a book about what it means to be Christian , or Christ-like . To imitate Christ in all aspects -LRB- as nearly as one is able -RRB- is the Christian 's primary and ultimate goal.The Confraternity also publishes My Daily Bread , which is another indispensable book for Christian devotion , and together with My Imitation of Christ are the perfect gifts for any new , Christian library .
 This is my favorite daily devotion book . The lessons are very thought-provoking and just the right length to spend a few minutes in the morning orienting yourself for the day . I am on my 3rd or 4th reading of it , and the devotions still seem fresh and inspiring . Every time I finish it , I think , `` I would n't mind going through that again '' and start it over . The sketches for each devotion are also interesting . I HIGHLY recommend purchasing this book and using it for a daily meditation/devotional book .
 I 've had this precious volume since high school . After sharing it with friends , I ordered 5 of them and the response has been heartwarming . The illustrations make it so intimate . We love it . Compact enough to keep in a purse .
 This is an essential book for all christians . I always keep it with me and read from it almost every day .
 i have just finished reading Quarks and Gluons and thought it was terrific
 Moo Young Han , a professor at Duke , must be a great teacher , and this book gives everyone the chance to share in the excitement and wonder of particle physics . Han can make all those esoteric terms like quark , meson , lepton , and neutrino meaningful and interesting , which is no small feat . I finally understand how all the particles relate to each other and the larger universe , and enjoyed reading the book in the process .
 We found this book to be excellent for those people with some scientific training or interest , to learn about particle physics . It 's written in such a style that people will want to keep on reading it and not put it down .
 A number of books for the educated layman have been written explaining the fundamental concepts of the Standard Model of Particle Physics . This book is one of the very best . Prof. Han has taken a historical time-line approach to introducing the reader to the theory and experiment of quarks and leptons , and their force carrier particles gluons , and the weak gauge bosons . This book utilizes a superb combination of text , tables , and diagrams to illustrate the author 's points . Han 's book has two particularly well-written narratives . The first is his lucid discussion of the chromo or ` color charge ' in hadron formation , and the second is a presentation of conservation or zero-sum attributes of particles in collision . All introductory works explain , for example , that a proton is two up and one down quark . Han goes beyond that to invoke the need for color neutrality of red , green , and blue . Zero-sum conservation is found in few other books at this level . Han uses simple accounting tables to keep track of electric , nucleonic , leptonic , color , and baryonic ` charge ' . Using these simple concepts the fact that beta decay must produce not a neutrino , but an anti-neutrino makes perfect sense . Han restricts his purview to just the fundamentals of the Standard Model . Anti-matter is discussed , but there are no excursions into string theory , supersymmetry , or even the Higgs boson . The historical time-line essentially ends with the confirmation of the top quark in 1995 at Fermilab . Nonetheless , this book is lucid , well-written and often witty . It is an outstanding intro to particle physics for the non-physicist .
 Quarks and Gluons
 This is a very interesting book in QP . The content is very well organized for someone with some physics background but want to know more about QP . I highly recommended this book to everyone interest in QP , but do n't know where to start . Its also good for someone want to know more about Quarks .
 Made logical sense of all the particle bits I had mentally collected from other reading . Han 's writing is gluon for me . .
 This book was so fascinating that I could not take a break from reading it . I look forward to reading Dr. Han 's books The Secret Life of Quanta and The Probably Universe .
 Owning several books on quantum physics I found this to be the most clearly written on the subject . All the terms are explained in a succint manner devoid of all verbiage . Very focused writing and I highly recommend it .
 In Understanding August Wilson Professor Bogumil covers six of his plays
 Great book for the intellectual . Not necessarily a leisure read , but if you are interested in any of the topics covered , this is a required text .
 This map book has kept me on track several times . I have a garmin GPS as well but sometimes I like to know where I am going before I leave or see if the GPS has picked the way I want to go . The maps also work by them self , once I lent my GPS to a friend and I had to navagate on my own using the the maps to get to a new place , and it worked ! I like the binding too , very durable and handy .
 Duie really knows whats going on in people 's heads . He is able to convey his understandings in Motives . This book gave me insight into the inner workings of the minds of people around me . He writes beautifully , he makes reading more enjoyable . Great stuff .
 The most thoroughly enjoyable collection of short stories I have ever read . It covers everything from being a caretaker of a large northwoods camp to the horrors of dealing in the stock market . It made me laugh one minute and cry the next . Duie ? Yes , we do .
 Motives is a great book . My favorite of the short stories was The Caretaker . The plot was exciting and the descriptions were vivid . I will definitely read this book again !
 You can put this book down between stories , but you wo n't want to ! Stories about people and what motivates them , written in easy to read language with excellent plot development . The characters are wonderful ! I highly recommend this book to everyone .
 This collection of short stories is destined to be a classic and a `` must-have '' for people everywhere . Take a look at yourself and at your fellow man . This book is great from cover to cover .
 Bennet Cerf had a long - run as important publisher , socialite , television wit , and all - around affable personality . He had a special love and feeling for humor . And here he provides excerpts of the works not only of the most well - known humorists of his day but of many whose names few would recognize today . The greats of the day - S. J. Perelman , Ring Lardner , Dorothy Parker , Damon Runyan , O. Henry , Thurber , Benchley , Don Marquis et . al. are here often with some of their less notable work . Perhaps I have lost it , and simply was not in the right spirit for it but I found a good share of the writing , dated and flat . There was some interesting stuff which was a bit humorous , for instance Russell Lynes on snobbery in the days when Newport was the spa of the Four Hundred . In this piece one Newport grand - dame refuses to invite a wealthy carpeteer to her home saying , '' Just because I bought a rug from him does n't mean I have to let him walk on it . '' And from time to time , one - liners like this do pop out of the page and inspire a chortle , a guffaw , or perhaps simply a dry , little smile . The anthology is big and I far from covered it all in my reading . My guess is other readers , should the wish to go back there , will find more treasure in it than I in my somewhat scattered reading did .
 The book ariived in time and we were pleased that they were still in good shape . I recommend getting these , since the original is pricey .
 I bought this book and the coordinating workbook for a class that I was taking . It worked well for me . Good format and provided different ways to learn the information . Definitely would recommend both .
 I have found this to be a very helpful workbook to go with Que Tal text . The answers are in the back for self check . It incorporates the vocab of the chapter with the grammar covered .
 The book was in very good condition . I was a little scared about what kind of quality a book purchased online would be but I was impressed .
 Come along on the emotional roller-coaster life of Jared Bellington , the Earl of Alveston , kidnapped and sold into bondage at the very young age of seven , while his six-year-old brother was drowned . Wicked uncles are such a hazard to young heirs who are also orphans ! His bondage brings him to America.There , at the age of twelve , he saves the life of a young boy , is bought by the boy 's father , and meets for the first time , the five-year-old Della Kensington . Drawn to each other in spite of the disparity in their stations of life -- their purported stations in life , that is , for no one believes Jared 's story -- they grow up as not quite sister and brother . Jared has but one goal in life ; to return to England and reclaim his inheritance . Only then will he be whole again.By the time Della is nearing twenty , Jared is finally ready for the journey to his past . He encounters surprise after surprise , the first being that the current Earl is that younger brother , Justin , whom he thought dead . The second is the warmth and sincerity of the welcome offered by the new Earl , and his fianc&eacute;e , Fiona , from a neighboring estate . She has been promised since her cradle to the Earl of Alveston , and is perfectly willing to switch her allegiance to whomever holds the position.Into this mix comes Della , a young woman wise enough to know that sometimes freedom binds stronger than chains . As the two couples wind their way through Georgian society new dangers appear.This is truly an emotion-packed story of star-crossed lovers . You wo n't want to put it down . Most likely , you wo n't be able to , either .
 An English gentleman , Alfred Kensington , newly arrived in the colony of Virginia , rewards the bond-boy who saved his son 's life by buying his indenture papers , freeing him , and offering him employment in his household . The boy is strong , good-looking , reliable and intelligent , and eager to please . The only fly in the ointment is that he insists that he 's actually an earl - that he was kidnapped five years earlier and sold into slavery . The boy has to be mad!But some years later , when Jared is now 27 , he announces that he is going back to England to try to prove that his story is true . He has no expectations of regaining his title and lands , but he wants to confront his uncle , the one who arranged his kidnap . In the meantime , Alfred 's daughter Della has fallen deeply in love with Jared , who only sees her as a sister.The scene then shifts to England ; Jared journeys to his old home , only to find that the present earl is his younger brother Justin , whom he 'd believed dead all those years . He 's quickly ensconced as the earl , lord of all he surveys and owner of all the lands and money which go with the title . But he ca n't help feeling a lingering , nagging sense of guilt about taking everything away from his brother . Even Justin 's fiancee , Fiona , was actually betrothed from birth to the Earl ... not the earl 's younger brother . And it seems that Fiona would be only too happy to switch her affections to Jared.It 's into this tangled situation that Della arrives some weeks later , visiting as part of a last-ditch effort to persuade Jared to see her as a woman instead of his sister - and if he wo n't , to say goodbye . But she quickly realises that there 's more going on here than she expected ; Jared the Earl is a very different man from Jared the merchant in Virginia . Does she stand a chance with this new Jared?This is a love story , but it 's also a story about a man finding out who - and what - he really is . Jared was degraded as a young boy , and he carries the scars of that part of his life still
 The Joy of Sex was a best seller back in the 1970 's and became an immediate best seller when it was re-released and updated in the early 1990 ` sThis book is a classic and a must read for everyone who wants more `` spice '' in their relationships.HAS HELPED ME AND OTHERS . Highly recommended .
 This classic guide for intimacy is a beautifully written and illustrated `` cookbook '' for the bedroom . The late Alex Comfort 's almost poetic prose , ably aided by Clare Park 's beautiful photography and Christopher Foss ' now nearly-legendary color ilustrations , helps readers expand their sexual awareness and enhance their bedroom `` playtime '' to make their sex , well , more joyful.While some people might be put off by Comfort 's sometimes eclectic musings on various sexual practices , or even take issue with his statememts on bisexuality , this book should be in every couple 's private library . This expanded edition was updated for the 1990s , and although much of the original 1970s edition 's text was left unchanged , Comfort had to rethink some of his ideas about multiple partners as a result of the AIDS epidemic , something that all of us should still pay attention to.Despite some use of erudite `` History of Sex '' material cited by other reviewers , Comfort did n't lapse into overly clinical language , using colloquialisms for male and female genitalia instead of their medical names . Comfort , after all , was n't writing for doctors in a dry academic tome ; he was writing to the rest of us , using words and phrases that we are comfortable using within the confines of our bedrooms.There are , of course , other `` cookbooks '' with recipes for great sex , but Comfort 's classic was , and still is , among the best of them .
 This book rocks !! This is the 2d in a Series of books on the topic by Mr Kirby , it picks up where the 1st left off . This is unabashedly a how to book and does it 's job clearly and succinctly . Mr Kirby shows the finer points of the art to the student -LRB- while not all the techniques are street applicable they demonstrate concepts that are vital to an understanding of the workings of Jujitsu -RRB- . Mr Kirby also discusses tactics techniques and strategy for use of jj in real situations . The work is excellent and would be complimented by the DVD series Mr Kirby did on the subject . Well Done .
 As a president of `` Israel Ju-Jitsu Full Contact Association '' I recommend this book very much . Every Ju-Jitsuan must have this book .
 I have experiences in many martial arts and had done lots of streetfighting , and I can tell a working technique just by looking at pictures . In this sense , I must say that 75 % of Prof. Kirby 's moves works well . His armlocks , for example , are more effective than those of Aikido . However , being an experienced groundfighter , I must say that his ground escapes are weak . But it 's not his fault . I 'm sure he included it just as an afterthought , and GF were not popular by the time he wrote this book . It 's very good that he included it on this book , considering that most other Jujitsu teachers omits ground moves on their books .
 Jujitsu is often pushed to the side in favor of the Brazilian variety , but many people often forget how effective these techniques can be . Striking , grappling , standing or on the ground , Jujitsu has it all !
 Great book , very descriptive . Complimentary to the first book , it 's good to see that some people still acknowledge Japanese Jujitsu b/c it 's so fundamental .
 Very nice book with interesting techniques explained . I recommend this book to every Jiu-Jitsu practitioner . However this book is not suited well for people who are just starting with JJ .
 This book does not attempt to cover the entire jujitsu syllabus , but addresses specific topics , such as dealing with multiple attackers , varyations on techniques and self-defence situations.The techniques are well chosen and clearly illustrated.This is a worthwile buy for anyone interested in jujitsu , but is most applicable to the senior kyu and early dan grades.It is a pitty he has not followed it up with an `` Advanced Techniques of Jujitsu '' .
 The legend of King Arthur finds new meaning in this powerful romantic novel . When Guinevere , Lady of Leonesse , finds herself desperate for protection for both herself and her people from an ex-Knight of the Round Table , she turns to King Arthur to save them all.Guinevere 's decision - to marry the king , leads her into danger and intrigue as she begins the wildest journey of her life.When Lancelot saves an unknown lady in the forest , both their hearts become engaged . Lancelot becomes a friend and trusted confidant to the King , and Guinevere becomes Arthur 's wife . While fighting to keep their love at bay , war threatens to tear them apart forever.Chadwick 's love of re-enactment becomes apparent in this wonderful story of forbidden love . She describes everything in such striking detail ; the reader can almost smell the stench of burning straw or feel the adrenaline and fear accompanying battle . This book is a must read , though not quite as powerful as many of Chadwick 's other novels .
 If youre an Arthurian lover , you 'll love this . If you love the movie , you ' l love this , especially for the insights of the character , which Chadwick does expertly .
 Excellent service , prompt delivery , excellent conditonas described , packaged well.Would use again .
 The story is a gripping drama about a man named Lancelot du lac and he 's the best swordsmen and he saves Guinivere from Malagants troops and they slowly fall in love but Guinivere is already betrothed to Arthur , King of Camalot and their love tears the kingdom apart and it also leads to the death of the king but Lancelot takes his place and marries Guinivere
 A great book I never put it down . You have to read this book .
 Although I have not read this book in years I still consider it the best book I have ever read . You must read this book .
 A true work of art.First read to me by my father over 50 years ago.A book every one should read .
 My nickname is `` Wab '' . It comes from the book `` The Biography of a Grizzly '' about a bear named Whab . At age ten in 1954 , as a 5th grader , I made a book report on this book . In the 6th grade I had a different teacher and did not like reading very much so I decided to change last years book report a little to make it look like I actually did some research then presented my report on `` Whab , The Biography of a Grizzly '' again . Little did know , at that age , that teachers knew each other . My taecher caught me and made an issue of it in the classroom to the extreme of making me stand in front of the class and confess what I had done . In addition , she started calling me `` Whab '' which later was reduced to `` Wab '' and has been my nickname for all these years . Very few people know my real name is Larry.Obviously this book made a lasting impression on my life . The story was touching and still is to me plus I have embedded in my memory the feeling of having to admit to my friends what I had done and has been a life long lesson to me .
 My grade two teacher read this book for the class many , many years ago and it truly touched me . A bear cub who is orphaned at the hands of the human learns to cope and survive to one day exact his revenge on the hated human . The book is written through the eyes of the bear it seems and you ca n't help but feel his pain and rage as he struggles through life alone . Whab , the name of the bear , is taken advantage of as a cub and through life . As he grows and becomes more bitter and angry , he will at times meet up with his old enemies from the woodland and through his eyes they all seem so much smaller now . This book is not all anger and bitterness but has some very tender moments as well . As well as this book is written , I never imagined I could ever feel pity or sympathy for such a creature as a grizzly . Ernest Thompson seton is a gifted writer and I have passed this gift on to many friends and aquaintances over the years . If you are looking for a book that your children will pass on to thier children for generations ; get this book . D.Seguin Edmonton Canada
 I acquired this book at age 9-10 . Now , at age 75 , I really miss it -LRB- it was `` borrowed '' 20-30 yrs ago -RRB- . My nostalgic memory is of a haunting , memorable , and very literate tale of an excellent bear-person , who resolutely faces what life offers ; infancy & vulnerability ; growth & education , maturity & strength , suffering fools and agressors , and finally , decline and mortality . Seton 's magic is to dissolve completely the artificial barrier between nature 's creatures and ourselves .
 I first read this book as a kid in the 1950 's . A neighbor loaned it to me . I was fascinated by it , the first time I had read a book devoted to one animal in a personified way . It still evokes exactly the same feelings now as it did then . While a pure scientist might object to how personified and dramatized it is , based on reading other books on bears and grizzlies in particular , it seems pretty fact-based to me . A reader might wonder where the book , essentially a chronology , is going , but it does build to the conclusion , which is not earth-shattering but as touching and emotional as it is simple . It really conveys many things that we humans can relate to and feel . I 've given it to my oldest child to read , and will eventually give it to the others.The book is an easy read , has a simple style , and really helps the reader picture how things look from the animals ' perspective . Animals do have intelligence and emotions , recent learnings show that even sharks do , so this book is probably more relevant and true to life than when it was written.I recommend it to readers from about age 10 to the oldest adult will all enjoy it and come away thinking and feeling in ways they did n't expect .
 When Mother read this to me when I was a child , it delighted me and made a huge impression . She enjoyed it as much as I and I could tell she loved sharing this wonderful book with me . It is written for adults as well as children , and is fine literature . The story was so exciting , so touching , realistic , and funny . The end was sad and yet the author made me , a child , see that that is the way things must be ; in the end of his life , the old bear must die .
 I was first introduced to Whab the grizzly bear & his adventures by my mother . Since then I have often read this book to myself , as a small child , as an adolescent & as a grown man . Over the years Whab has become a true friend & there is something comforting about how the grizzly overcomes the challenges he faces throughout his life . Perhaps his challenges are our challenges . I have read this book to my boys & in their classrooms many times & we have discussed lifes lessons as seen through the eyes of Whab . I often give this book to children & to adults as a present .
 I have n't read it in decades . I 'm buying a copy for my library - maybe I 'll be able to read it to the grandkids - or vice versa :-RRB- A fairly short story about the life and death of a grizzly . What stands out in my mind after all these years is the way the aging process is made part of life . Probably best for the budding naturalist rather than those who think predation is a dirty word and all carnivores should be muzzled . A great philosophical work for those who want to teach some of Nature 's ways to the young . Its a pretty transparent allegory of our lives . Deals -LRB- gently but clearly -RRB- with topics like death , fear , competition - winning and loosing . I 'd say ages 8 to 13 , best read together with your child . -LRB- At least the first time ! -RRB- I also loved his Two Little Savages - about camping & the outdoors .
 A dog-eared copy of this book was read over and over at our house when I was growing up . My mom , an elementary school teacher , used to read it to her class every year . I have since purchased two used paperback versions of the book for my grandchildren , and I 'm so happy to see it is being reprinted . I highly recommend this book for adults and children . It 's a one-evening read for an adult , but I promise you will enjoy it .
 My Dad read this book to me as a child many times . It 's a special story . He bought me my own copy as a teenager and now I 'm purchasing a copy for my two children . There are very few stories that tell the story of the old west from a bear 's perspective . My 8 year old son went to Yellowstone last year and it offers even more meaning to him now . It 's a wonderful book for young and old .
 A `` must read '' for anyone interested in the WWII carrier navy , R.Adm . Gallery relates the tedium of service in Iceland , the terror of being stalked by German U-boats in the North Atlantic , capped off with the true-adventure tale of his Carrier Task Group 's * capture * of the German U-boat 505 -LRB- now on display in Chicago 's Museum of Science and Industry -RRB- off the African coast . D.V. Gallery intersperses writing fit for an adventure novel with the facts of history from the `` big seat '' aboard the USS Guadalcanal - one of the `` baby flat-tops '' of the Second World War -LRB- probably the single most underrated warship of that war -RRB-
 Clear the Decks ! `` Salty , irreverent , highly amusing '' -- New York Times `` One of the best adventure tales of the war . '' -- Time Magazine `` A book you do n't want to put down once you start reading it . '' -- Our Navy `` Clear The Decks ... has an authentic , briny tang to it . And the climax , the tale of Admiral Gallery 's brilliant capture of a German U-Boat , is breath-taking ... . Anyone who wants to know the real reason why our Navy wins wars ought to read this book . '' -- Herman Wouk `` As an action-packed account of a baby flattop 's campaign against U-boats in World War II , this is a corker . The author writes with warmth , understanding , clarity and rough humor . '' -- St. Louis Post Dispatch `` A good deal more than a series of belly-laughs . '' -- BOMC News `` You do not need to be a lover of the sea to enjoy this splendid and humorous . '' -- Columbus Dispatch `` A RIP-SNORTING ACCOUNT ! '' -- Los Angles Mirror
 Clear the Decks ! `` Salty , irreverent , highly amusing '' -- New York Times `` One of the best adventure tales of the war . '' -- Time Magazine `` A book you do n't want to put down once you start reading it . '' -- Our Navy `` Clear The Decks ... has an authentic , briny tang to it . And the climax , the tale of Admiral Gallery 's brilliant capture of a German U-Boat , is breath-taking ... . Anyone who wants to know the real reason why our Navy wins wars ought to read this book . '' -- Herman Wouk `` As an action-packed account of a baby flattop 's campaign against U-boats in World War II , this is a corker . The author writes with warmth , understanding , clarity and rough humor . '' -- St. Louis Post Dispatch `` A good deal more than a series of belly-laughs . '' -- BOMC News `` You do not need to be a lover of the sea to enjoy this splendid and humorous . '' -- Columbus Dispatch `` A RIP-SNORTING ACCOUNT ! '' -- Los Angles Mirror
 It was a lucky crew that got this man for an officer!I can recommend this author and all of his books . Even if he was Navy .
 Clear the Decks ! `` Salty , irreverent , highly amusing '' -- New York Times `` One of the best adventure tales of the war . '' -- Time Magazine `` A book you do n't want to put down once you start reading it . '' -- Our Navy `` Clear The Decks ... has an authentic , briny tang to it . And the climax , the tale of Admiral Gallery 's brilliant capture of a German U-Boat , is breath-taking ... . Anyone who wants to know the real reason why our Navy wins wars ought to read this book . '' -- Herman Wouk `` As an action-packed account of a baby flattop 's campaign against U-boats in World War II , this is a corker . The author writes with warmth , understanding , clarity and rough humor . '' -- St. Louis Post Dispatch `` A good deal more than a series of belly-laughs . '' -- BOMC News `` You do not need to be a lover of the sea to enjoy this splendid and humorous . '' -- Columbus Dispatch `` A RIP-SNORTING ACCOUNT ! '' -- Los Angles Mirror
 In the forward , the author remarks that this book will never be used as a textbook in any of the high-level military schools . This is a pity . It is easy to understand the successes achieved by Adm. Gallery 's units throughout WWII , and while he is much more modest than other senior officers , there can be little doubt that he is the reason for all these victories . Not only is this a wonderful book for anyone who aspires to be a leader , but it is a tremendously amusing and well-written book .
 If you travel and want to get language basics with no nonsense , this is the guide for you . Dover has a standard format that can be followed in any language . The phonetics are easy to follow and understand . It 's like speaking in Greek while reading in English ! ... . Dover goes straight to the point , giving the novice reader easy access to any phrase in any language .
 This is a book written by a general practioner who became so enchanted with the power of hypnotherapy that he changed his specialty to accommodate his newfound love for psychiatry . Dr Barnett makes a bold move at creating and following a novel metaphor through out the book . He states that the mind is analogous to the criminal system and that through no fault of our own that prisons are created within our mind . He feels that there are many medical illnesses that have their origins within the 4 prisons mind . First , phobias are unresolved conflicts that have triggers that the patient attributes to the phobia rather than the unresolved conflict . The trigger produces anxiety , which is a manifestation of a powerful fear that imprisons the mind . The second is repressed anger . He states that suppressed anger is like a sleeping volcano that can erupt in the form of a headache , peptic ulcer , back pain , hypertension or obesity . The third prison is pain and sadness , which he feels central to the genesis of all emotional illnesses . He makes a convincing argument for the earlier the rejection , the more devastating the effects because the client has fewer resources with which to deal with it . Asthma , depression , drugs and smoking are attributed to rejection . The final prison is that of guilt which is consistently a potent factor in the production of emotional illness . Impotence , frigidity , obesity , skin diseases and suicide many times have their origins rooted to guilt.Dr Barnet makes the argument that a crime is any act that endangers the peace of society . The analogy here is that a crime of guilty is often self-imposed on children who interfere with their parent 's harmony . He makes the bold move to suggest that many of these self-imposed crimes are perpetrated in utero . His argument makes sense even though it flies in the face of western medicine . He states that at least on a subconscious level , the child hears and feels what his parents say or feel about him . The most convincing argument for this is that of gender conflict . It makes sense that a child would have conflict with their gender if their parents were disappointed that they did not get the sex that they desired . This suggestion that they are not desired at birth , places the child into a prison of guilt as the child grows . Prisons of guilt and fear can also develop from similar circumstances.The court of the mind is similar to other court systems . When an individual is accused of an emotional crime , his mind makes a decision that is binding and will determine that individual 's future . This courtroom analogy goes further when delving into psychiatric evidence that we all operate from more than one ego state . To fully understand the complex metaphor the ego states must be reviewed . The three states of the mind are the child , the parent , and the adult . The child is the first state and is the feelings part of our being that provides drive and energy . The child ego says
 Dr. Barnett 's book is fairly short and easy to read . It contains an excellent explanation of the root causes of emotional -LRB- and many physical -RRB- problems , using a Transactional Analysis model . By using hypnosis to get at these root causes , he has been able to free many patients from depression , addictions , obesity , and psychosomatic medical disorders . It was particularly useful for me that he has the credentials of having been a family practitioner for many years prior to entering the full time practice of hypnosis . Many books on hypnosis aim to clear up emotional disturbances by using more superficial means , such as direct suggestion . Barnett does regression therapy to truly get at the root cause of the problem , and cure it . He makes an excellent point that it is not our negative emotions which cause us problems , but our resistance to feeling the truth of our emotions that is the REAL cause of stress and unhappiness . A must read for all serious hypnosis practitioners .
 In a world often fraught with depression and emotional prisons ... Dr. Edgar A. Barnett gives us this enlightened book to show us step by step the way that we can turn the key and free ourselves through the use of analytical hypnotherapy . The chapter on self hypnosis has taught me great relaxation skills . I have been a fan of this book for over 15 years and find it as relative today as it was when it was first published . This newest version comes with a wonderful new cover design and clean crisp text . Wonderfully written to be easily understood by both the student of hypnosis and the average reader . Well worth the asking price .
 It has been a long time since I purchased this book from a hypnotherapy school , but it is an under-appreciated classic . Examine ways you may be in a , `` prison '' of your own making . Written by a compassionate , medically trained hypnotist .
 Unlock Your mind was really ` the missing link ' for me . Since I read the book , sessions in my professional life as a hypnotherapist has become a lot easier . The metaphor about putting your feelings into prison as a child and giving them a second chance as an adult has helped my clients to understand their dispair and made suppressed feelings come alive to live a secure life . The persons change - and become free !
 This brilliant book was apparently missed by the majority of english speaking readers . It is a masterpiece of the genre and provides many firsts including the concept of `` profiling '' . The quality of the character development and the descriptive prose are amazing and I find it hard to believe that this book did not receive several awards . I read it for the first time 15 years ago and think of passages from it to this day . Few books have had this impact on me . For those who are able to find what is now apparently a rare book , I recommend it highly .
 This great book is the best of any type ever written about Chicago . How one man knew so much about what went on there is amazing . Many great characters that stay with you long after you 've finished the book . Great writing of a tale of revenge , albiet by a madman . Many unforgettable scenes . By the end you are as exhausted as Johnny Helenowski . I read it every 2 years and it still amazes me . I would be great to see this masterpeice back in print . 2009 , it is back in print !!! No reason not to read this tremendous book .
 I am simply shocked that this novel , which is perhaps the best piece of American fiction I have ever read , is out of stock . It draws a far more realistic and detailed portrait of the `` hard boiled detective '' that so many other writers have simply slapped together , then lets us watch , with first fascination , then horror , as he slowly unravels . Even the minor characters are better drawn then they would be in a trilogy all their own , and the entire work shimmers with energy and power . This is a book that demands republishing .
 I read this work about twenty years ago -LRB- maybe more -RRB- . It has never left my mind . I remember after reading this dark quest novel actually going to the University of New Hampshire to meet Mark Smith , finding my way to the room with his name on the door . Unfortunately , He was not there at the time so I never met him.But - I did talk to him on the phone to say that there are those out there that appreciate this overlooked masterpiece . `` The Neglected Books Page '' -LSB- ... -RSB- mentions that this work was one of the reasons the website was created.What can I say - an amazing , unforgetable read !
 I knew nothing about Mark Smith twenty years ago when I moved to New Hampshire to go to graduate school , but I had him as my professor first semester . When I picked up `` Death of the Detective '' i was swept away into his absurd and macabre universe . I agree with the other reviewers that it 's a neglected masterpiece that breaks the bonds of its genre . It details Chicago from the ghetto to the golden mile in vivid and hallucinatory descriptions . The inner confusion of the main character mirrors the confusion of America . America , where in the world are you going ?
 this is the most ambitious detective novel that i know of . the war and peace of detective novels , perhaps . a sprawling , huge epic of prose that is wonderfully strange and glorious . there are overtones of kafka and thomas pynchon here , but mark smith 's novel is so much more enjoyable than anything those authors have in the bookstores . i read over a hundred books a year , and it has been several years since a book has blown me away with its genius the way that this one did . i spent eight enthralling days lost in this giant work of the imagination , and loved every minute i spent wandering through the words . ca n't wait to read more of this author 's work . i found 4 more of his novels available on amazon at a very cheap price . read this thing , people . you really should .
 An incredible book never to be forgotten . Keep it , the reader will want to read it again . For those familiar with Chicago this book is especially interesting . The author has an incredible ability to describe events , ordinary or extraordinary , in such a way as to cause the reader to feel , see and hear the event with astonishing clarity . The characters come alive , the reader soon knows and clearly pictures them . And , the story is great and the plot is about perfect . I have read thousands of books I suppose but never one better .
 I happened upon this gem at a bus station several years ago . I still remember passages of the book as if I read them yesterday . Gothic , noirish , romantic -- the book is a multi-genre pleasure . I ca n't imagine such an ambitious undertaking would interest a publisher today . Smith 's characters are archetypal and complex . His attention to detail and intuitive hand extended to the creation of minor characters that -- on their own -- could serve as central figures in spin-off books . Seems unlikely that the book will be reissued . Luckily , I 've hung onto my copy .
 First read this one when it came out in paperback , years ago . Probably ' 73 , not for sure . I loaned it to a gent , who got lost in the crowd.I did n't get it back . Been searching for a copy ever since . Finally , last Friday I found it , and will read it again soon . Want to see if it 's really as great as I first thought . I thought then it was the most chilling piece of writing ever . Cold and clinging suspense on every page . Pick it up if you have n't read it before . If you have read it , read it again . A kick-ass read for sure .
 My first read of this book must have been ten years ago . I have reread it five times since , enjoying it more and more with each read.I agree with others that this is a masterpiece demanding to be reissued and garner the awards it deserves . The characters , especially Maggie , are rich , multi-faceted , and extremely memorable . I have stayed up with this book reading until the wee hours many a night . I only regret that the story ends and Maggie dies . I keep this book with five other favorite books of all time and reread it once a year . I also regret that this book is almost impossible to find in bookstores . Why this is the case I 'll never understand .
 This tome is an absolute godsend for those who are considering filing for bankruptcy yet may not know much about the process . This book covers all the bases concerning Chapter 7 and Chapter 13 bankruptcy filings . From common mistakes and misconceptions to the highly specific legalese of bankruptcy law , this book addressed nearly every one of my concerns about this complex and emotionally challenging process . I opened the front cover a bankruptcy know-nothing and set it down feeling like an attorney.This is not a DIY guide to financial rebirth -LRB- in fact the authors highly discourage this -RRB- , but more of an `` Everything-You-Ever-Wanted-to-Know-About-Bankruptcy-but-Were-Afraid-to-Ask '' reference . The authors do not delve into the minutia of the process . They seek to be more like tour guides , leading you through the perilous wilds of US bankruptcy law with their collective wealth of knowledge on the subject . I found more useful information in the first 10 pages of this book than I did in six hours of web-surfing . The most superlative compliment I can bestow upon this volume is that it helped to allay my fears and crystalize my plans for my financial future .
 This book is clear , concise , understandable and even funny at times . The authors have done an incredible job of taking a very complicated topic and making it understandable for a lay audience . At the same time , they avoid talking down to the reader.Personal Bankruptcy for Dummies is , first and foremost , a very useful tool for anyone even thinking about bankruptcy . It answers all the questions without preaching or browbeating . It ought to be read by every potential bankruptcy client before they meet with a lawyer .
 Very solid , down-to-earth advice , and they make you feel a little bit better about yourself .
 Jim and John have a wonderful way of making you feel like you 're sitting down at your kitchen table with a bankruptcy attorney who only has your best interests at heart . They do n't pull any punches , and sometimes what they tell you is n't what you really want to hear , but you know they 're giving you solid advice . Your anxiety level will plummet if you are thinking of filing bankruptcy and are looking for someone to hold your hand through the process.Paula Langguth Ryan , Author , Bounce Back From Bankruptcy , 3rd Edition
 Good book although some aspects are very general . See also Surviving Financial Disasters By Tiffany R. Love it comes with a CD ROM .
 I bought this book more for a just in case kind of need . I am not filing bankruptcy but if I ever need to then the book contains all the helpful information that someone would need . It has great examples and definitions .
 I was able to make REAL reccomendations about bankruptcy to friends and family after reading this book !
 I had very prompy service and the book was in excellent shape . Bravo to Amazon again and again . Bravo and keep it up . Plmbr
 When I selected this book I was looking for a book I could share with young children , ages 5 years and up , to give them a glimpse of Nigeria , its people and culture . I liked the photographs which accurately depicted various professions/lifestyles in Nigeria and some of them provide wonderful ideas for story book extensions . For example , the photograph of the grandmother making a traditional outfit could be complemented by presenting to the children a few yards of woven fabric that is typically used in Nigeria for such outfits . Other professional roles we see Nigerians in are
 `` Crewel Lye '' is the eighth book in Piers Anthony 's `` Xanth '' series , and in some ways , it is the most impressive of the first nine . Most of the Xanth books take place in a reasonably well-define timeline that we might call the `` present . '' This actually spans quite a long time , since the main character in Xanth-1 , Bink , is 25 years in that book , but around 60 in Xanth-9 . But `` Crewel Lye '' takes place ** 400 ** years earlier , so it does n't have the benefit of a lot of the usual Xanthian touches that prop up other books . -LRB- By Xanthian touches , I mean things like finding out how to get into Good Magician Humfrey 's castle so as to get an Answer . -RRB- Anyway , in the `` present '' time , Jordan is a ghost , which means that he died with unresolved issues . When little Princess Ivy asks what happened , he tells her the story of his demise . Thus , most of the book is actually narrated in the first-person , which is different from the other Xanth books , and a nice change of pace . First-person narration forces a writer to be disciplined about observations , thoughts , etc. , because only those of one person can be related to the reader . This is important for this book , because the `` cruel lie '' that does Jordan in actually has a different interpretation , one that Jordan does n't realize , but the reader can figure out . It makes for a very clever ending , even if it becomes somewhat obvious.Jordan 's story -- he is a barbarian who wants an adventure -- is full of action and violence , some intrigue , some romance -LRB- or just plain offscreen sex -RRB- , and even though I was concerned that I would n't get to read about the usual Xanth characters , I was engrossed in it .
 Crewel Lye is about the journey of Jordan the Barbarian . Like all Xanth books , this one is comical and full of puns . Since Jordan 's talent is full regeneration , it adds an interesting viewpoint through the eyes of a person who does n't care if he gets killed -LRB- he 'll just come back -RRB- . I think that anyone who reads the Xanth series should definitely read this one .
 I read this book several years ago and wrote a review of it then , but did n't post my name . Here is the review I wrote : `` Crewel Lye
 Crewel Lye
 Years ago , I saw my grandmother reading this book -LRB- we 're devour books together -RRB- and I asked how it was . She handed it to me and told me to keep it -- because I would n't want to return it to her and she could get another copy , which she did purchase!I was enchanted . There is no other word for it . This exceptionally `` punny '' book is hilarious . My son went as a `` baseball bat '' for Halloween the year before last , if that says anything ! To this day I 'm always buying Crewel Lye -LRB- though it 's not the first in the series , and I had such fun catching up ! -RRB- for friends and family -LRB- well , there 's not many readers left without a copy these days . -RRB- I must have bought this book at least eight times now , if not more.I think the Xanth series should be required reading , it really taught me how much I could love the genre . You wo n't go wrong with Crewel Lye , in fact , you might just end up hooked !
 Once again we have another book well written and filled with puns . One difference is brought to light almost immediatley , this book is written in first person , from the perspective of Jordan the Ghost . Jordan unfolds his history as Jordan the Barbarian with some help from young Princess Ivy and a magic tapestry . This is one of the great fantasy books .
 This is a good book because it is one of his few books that are not about royalty . It has great descriptive writings and is among the best Xanth novels .
 This is the fourth or fifth Xanth book I 've read , I found it a little more insteresting then some of the others . I think Piers Anthony is a great author . I guess I really ca n't keep my mind off of reading .
 This a great example on Anthony 's literature . Unlike most Xanth books , this one is told in first person , from the perspective of Jordan the Ghost . Jordan unfolds his history as Jordan the Barbarian with some help from young Princess Ivy and a magic tapestry . Piers ' ever-present puns and medieval humor is a laugh a second and a great example of humorous fantasy .
 Anthony 's works are all easy to read and the world of xanth draws you in automatically ; I guess its the bookworm 's equivalent of junk food -- not nourishing for your literary education but satisfying nothenless . This book was one of the `` better '' books of Xanth -- although i have yet to find one that did n't leave me rolling on the floor and lauging . Its fun reading about a barbarian ... they are n't the typical main chracter after all and its interesting how Piers Anthony manages to make something fearsome seem silly and human .
 My first Piers Anthony book . I can hardly wait for each of the Xanth books to appear.Best fantsy writer .
 I loved the Way Anthony describes the Impaitence of little Five year old Ivy With Her friend in this tale Of Barbarians , Good magic versus Evil magic , And cruel lies that at one time shock you , Then amaze you with their truth
 After devouring Mr. Anthony 's Incarnations of Immortality series , this was the first Xanth book I tried and I enjoyed it immensely . Now a diehard Xanth fan , this remains among my favorites of the series . Jonathan , the hapless barbarian lured into an adventure more than he expected , is a great hero , and his outlook is fun and different than other heros . Lots of puns , even in the title , which is good for some , maybe not for others .
 I first read this book when I was about 8 years old , it was the biggest book I had tackled at that age but I found myself completely engrossed in this epic adventure.I read the book again when I was 19 and found it even better than I remembered . Anthony weaves comedy , charm , adventure and tradgedy all into one neat package and he does it flawlessly.If you like fantasy/adventure you need this book .
 Crewel Lye was very well written , but it lacked the ability to keep me very interested like earlier in the series . I think the one thing that I did n't like about the story was that Jordan was telling a story the whole time and it was mostly fighting . If it were n't for the ending that was really well written , I would have probably given it less stars . It was a good book , but I do n't think that it fit in with the rest of the Xanth books very well .
 If Tabasco is involved you know it 's hot . Fiction has the National Book Award , children 's books have the Caldecott , community cookbooks have the Tabasco Award . First place in the Tabasco Community Cookbook Award 2000 has been awarded to Good Food Served Right
 Good Food Served Right demonstrates North Country -LRB- New York -RRB- diversity through an appeal to our taste buds . Written and researched by folklorist and home cook Lynn Ekfelt , this informative and entertaining book is part adventure travel , part ethnography , part grandmother 's recipe file . It is also a great read . `` The idea of depending primarily on local products is only part of traditional cookery , '' Ekfelt observes in the introduction . `` Another important aspect can be summed up in the old adage , ` Waste not , want not . ' This guiding principle is behind the cooking of all traditions and has led to the creation of such diverse dishes as bread pudding and head cheese . '' The book goes beyond the recipes to explore the ways food is `` so closely related to our concepts of nurturing . '' observing that , `` food preparation and eating is an important time of apprenticeship -- a time when new members of a family or community learn how to take their place as contributing members of their groups . MOre than food-related values are passed on during these sessions . They are also a time for retelling of family legends and establishing a communal response to events both within and outside the family . `` Good Food Served Right is divided into three sections . `` Nature 's Bounty '' explores the many uses of apples , cheese , fish , game , maple syrup and wild foods . `` Who We Are '' features favorite edibles from North Country African Americans , Amish , Armenian Americans , French Americans , Greek Americans , Homesteaders , Hungarian Americans , Italian Americans , Jews , Korean Americans , Lebanese Americans , Mennonites , Mohawks , and Yankees . `` Building Community '' looks at the foods traditionally served at county fairs , church suppers , fundraisers , firemen 's field days and ice cream socials.Each chapter follows a formula
 I could n't be more pleased ! Very , very , very very happy with this book !!!!! If you are a Railroad fan , you will love it !
 This book is a must for the bookshelves of treasure hunters and armchair dreamers . The history of lost gold and hidden treasures in the American Southwest is summarized here as well as it can be .
 My husband enjoyed the book very much and will read more books in this series . This is the 4th one from this author I have gotten for him .
 After reading some of the reviews of this book , I would have assumed it was n't really that good . However , I have read it from cover-to-cover , and very familiar with the air battles of WWII , and have NOT read any of his other books.First of all , I 'll deal with the last item . I have not read any of the author 's previous works . I do n't know what subjects he covered with those books , but for the topic at hand , the behind-the-scenes look at the USAAC/USAAF before and during WWII , he does a brilliant job . More on that in a minute.If you are looking for a book that covers the details of every major air combat in WWII , this is not your book . If you want a book that gives the details of each mission and how it was fought ... not your book . If you want a book that ties the details of how the generals fought the war , what they decided to do , how it impacted the overall battles and conflict ... this is your book . This book ties together all the details that you never hear when you read the other books ... why was Ploesti bombed multiple times at a heavy cost , and what did it really gain us ? Why did none of our fighters have the range of our bombers at the start of the war -LRB- they could have -RRB- ? Why did we change from daylight `` precision '' bombing in Europe to night-time mass attack in Japan -LRB- which we disagreed with in Europe -RRB- ? Why did the Navy control the bombs that the USAAF dropped?This book covers all that , and does it very well . Given that it does n't talk about the battles so much as the reasons behind them , it is still very engrossing . Understanding why we did what we did was very enlightening to be able to tie with the knowledge of the specific air battles we fought . Knowing what Arnold , Spaatz and the other generals -LRB- and our allies -RRB- thought put all the pieces in place . If you want a book that does that , this book is for you.I also do n't agree with the reviewer who claimed that the author `` had it in '' for specific people . The author covered each person who majorly influenced US air power in WWII pretty well . I feel he respected most of them , but if they had a flaw , he did n't cut them any slack and gloss it over . You get to see what lead each one of them into a position of leadership over the USAAF when WWII kicked off.Several other reviewers commented that it seemed there was too much general reciting of attacks later in the book -LRB- such as when the bombing campaign of Germany began -RRB- . I did n't find that at all , and if they think this book is bad , they should read some other books where the recitation of each mission becomes very droll after a bit.If there is a flaw to this book -LRB- besides a few very minor items -RRB- , it is perhaps that he uses generalizations a bit more , but this is a book about the overall impact of the USAAF in WWII , not specific units , people or battles.At any rate , enjoyed it greatly . Makes a good volume to add to my collection .
 It 's an ambitious project to tell the history of the Army Air Forces in World War II in one volume , but Geoffrey Perret goes beyond that , and he ` s up to it.He begins with a capsule history of Army aviation from the start . If you 're looking for shoot - 'em - up whoop-de-do , go elsewhere . Perret is primarily an institutional historian and nearly half the book is done before a shot is fired.Something has to give , and it 's logistics . Within the compass of fewer than 500 pages , Perret does a fine job on leaders , tactics , planes -LRB- but not other types of equipment , such as weapons , communications and navigation -RRB- ; and a reasonable job on politics -LRB- home and foreign -RRB- , recruitment and training . Strategy is another matter , which I 'll get to later . I would not have thought you could write a history of the AAF without mentioning Takoradi , but Perret has done it.To a great but not overwhelming degree , this is the story of Hap Arnold 's Army Air Forces . Arnold had many flaws , such as limiting his pool of commanders to a few , sometimes not very good mates from his younger days , but overall Perret is an admirer.He says he can not imagine anyone else commanding the air force , no one else standing up to George Marshall of the ground forces or Ernest King of the navy . Well , as the French say , the graveyards are full of indispensable men . But Perret is probably right that Tooey Spaatz , the most likely replacement , would not have done well . Spaatz had a good deal of the idiot in him , claiming as late as 1943 that by maintaining 36 sorties per day by heavy bombers he could control enemy shipping in the Mediterranean . -LRB- Perret acknowledges that some people at the time thought Frank Andrews would have excelled Arnold , but Andrews was killed in a crash . Indispensable men again . -RRB- Spaatz and his fantasies about heavy bombing is as good an example as any of the hidebound , stupid , blinkered ideology that cost so many Americans their lives -- Germans , Japanese and assorted would-be bystanders as well , of course . There are many such.Arnold was as guilty of this incompetence as anyone . Since the first heavier-than-air plane went up , the flyers have been promising that strategic bombing would win wars quickly and cheaply . The idiocy of this as ideology ought to be transparent , but apparently it is n't
 We all know the important role of the AAF in WWII , but most books and movies focus on the ground war . The battles in the sky , often involving thousands of aircraft , are hard to imagine in the day of precision bombing that requires but a tiny fraction of aircraft of the campaigns in WWII . From the creation of the AAF , to the horrors of air battles , to the targets destroyed , this book will fill in student of WWII and aviation with an important chapter of history that is unlikely ever to be repeated . Strategic bombing alone did n't win the war , but without it , the cost to the Allies would have been far greater .
 One of the best books you will find on the Army Air Force prior to and during World War II . This is one of the few authors that does n't impose his opinions on the reader . He goes out of his way to give both sides of an issue or a personality . Even such controversial figures as Britain 's Bernard Montgomery or our own Douglas MacArthur are treated with an even-handedness that is all too rare . Very entertaining and very informative .
 Four stars or three stars ?? The book is a readable narative that the author doeas n't claim to be definitive . To use military lingo it 's written in the `` tactical '' rather than the `` strategic '' . Not subject matter but writing approach . I would have preferred more policy and less execution . The high level decision making process and those who made them are too quickly skimmed over for my taste . The book tends to bog down in statistics too often . But to cover the entire WW11 air war from the army 's standpoint in one book is a daunting task ! The book ends up more of a `` battle '' book and lacks the depth that an exhaustive study would produce . Let 's say three and a half stars .
 Mr. Perret 's work is good for a single volume history of the AAC in WW2 . However , it is too wrapped up in personalities , particularly that of Gen. Hap Arnold , and overly consumed with the Mediterranean Theatre . If this were a cradle to grave history of the Air Corps , or a biography of General Arnold , the time spent at the beginning dealing with the early careers and personalities of the Air Corps might be relevant . However , this is a history of the AAC in WW2 and the space spent on the early years of the the Army 's flying organization , and the misadventures of its later commanding generals would have been better spent telling the tale during WW2 . Too much focus rests on the Mediterranean Theatre . So little space was devoted to the operations of the Eighth and other Air Forces based in England that Mr. Perret added nothing to my knowledge of the subject from Col. Boyne 's `` Clash of Wings . '' And as for the Pacific , either the AAC accomplished little -LRB- as some in the Navy would insist -RRB- or it was seriously neglected . Details of the tempo and nature of operations are lacking except for the occassional recounted exploit . Too often we 're treated to musings about Arnold 's frustration with this or that item . Still , Perret lays a good ground-work to start from , but I wo n't be stopping with him . Despite some nice descriptions of the aircraft employed , some informative work on Chennault and the AVG , and an amusing confirmation of the Air Force 's cradle-bred and ongoing obsession with appearances , this is not a definitive work on the subject .
 This is a good effort but the Author 's Book about the US Army during WWII -LRB- Theres a War to be Won -RRB- is a much better book . If you want something better , go get the Ballantine Books on the B-29 , the Mosquito or Zero if you can find them .
 Very interesting book . I read it cover to cover . A good book for any history buff .
 Though written in 1994 , and not updated since , this book remains the best and one of the few which treats the subject of genuine ` African journalism ' ... The approach to the subject matter is that of journalism ethics , and although the authors present no exhaustive list of what constitutes an African approach to journalism ethics , they give inputs which are helpful - both academically and professionally speaking . The editor and author of four chapters , Francis P. Kasoma of the University of Zambia , has for many years written on the subject of journalism in Sub-Saharan Africa , and is a rare capacity in the field of journalism ethics - also on a world basis .
 This book is truly another masterpiece by the master himself , Richard Webster ! I have begun reading this book since the day it came out and now , after finishing it , I feel like I have always denied myself of something that I could have used to make my life easier and better . If I would have known about Creative Visualization in my teens , then I know I would have all my dreams realized by now in my 20 's . Creative Visualization is something everyone can do and apply it into their everyday life to help realize their dreams and goals ! Many fun-filled excercises are included in this book to practice Creative Visualization . As with any Richard Webster book , you will certainly enjoy this one and will not be disappointed !
 I have read `` The Secret '' and `` The Law of Attraction '' , both great books.I LOVED this book because it presented and explained creative visualization as a practical and relatively easy thing to do each day without all of the drama of the first 2 books I read . We are all visualizing all day , why not direct it towards what we want from our lives instead of having our thoughts bouncing around aimlessly ? The book explained how most successful people , such as Tiger Woods , visualize what they want to happen , and then act . Your brain reacts the same when thinking about what you want to happen as it does when you 're actually doing , so harness your thoughts to make your life what you want it to be !
 I love this book because it allowed me to see just how much I have been limiting myself . I enjoyed learning the techniques to achieving your visualizations . The author makes valid points and talked about many specific subjects that I have been questioning recently and even experiencing , so that has helped me directly address the issues . Overall , I 'd hiiighly recommend
 Just received this book today 11/23/11 , will get to reading it over the holiday , since school is closed and I need something interesting to read . The notes in the book will help me to decide on new ideas for the coming year . Thanks .
 Do n't shoot the messenger!The tendency to shoot the messenger if you do n't like the news , is evident in the negative reviews of Suzanne Venker 's excellent book . She has the courage to tell the truth even though a book telling working mothers what they want to hear - which is that they are doing the best thing for their children - would probably have a better shot at being a best seller . It is evident that her love for children , and her concern for how the care they receive will affect society , is her motivation in writing , not any political or traditionalist axe to grind.As Ms. Venker points out in Myth # 5 -LRB- I 'm a Better Mom for Working -RRB- , however unpopular the idea may be , children 's needs do not change based on their parents ' economic status . As an educator and a former director of a non-profit day care center I can personally vouch for what Ms. Venker says about it being a myth that a small amount of quality time is a substitute for spending most of the day with a child . Children do just need quality time , and they need large quantities of it . They will starve on one bite a day of emotional filet mignon.I also had ample opportunity working in day care to see children 's perspective on what was important in their lives . I vividly remember a mother trying to soothe her children who were upset at being left in the morning by saying , `` Mommy is working so we can afford a trip to the snow on the weekend . You like trips to the snow , do n't you ? '' With tears in his eyes the older boy , age 4 , said solomnly , `` No , we 'd rather have you , Mom . `` In teaching elementary school age children , my current work , it is obvious to me which children have been raised in situations where their needs were met , and which were not . Aggression and lack of empathy are just two of the problems . This does not translate into full-time stay-at-home vs. full-time working outside the home . There is much ground in between . Ms. Venker lays out the issue of keeping a foot in the workforce very clearly , saying , `` while they have young children women will have to be creative in fitting other work around their primary obligation to their children . '' As a writer and a mother she does n't just talk the talk , she walks the walk . This book is not by some childless woman writing about theoretical ideas , this is someone who knows what every mother goes through in the ups and downs of raising children.Finally , as the middle-aged mother of two college students , I would urge mothers-to-be and mothers of young children to read Ms. Venker 's book and then remember the cliche that 's so true - they DO grow up fast . By the later grades of elementary school they wo n't always want to spend their free time with you . You 'll have years and years to work . Much as I love my work , I 've never regretted working very , very part-time while the girls were little . I sincerely hope you read and think seriously about 7 Myths of Working Mothers , and that you will be able to look back at the choices you made in your child 's early years with no regrets .
 The thesis of this book is simple
 What makes this book such an excellent read is the thoughtful and systematic way in which the author acknowledges and then refutes the most common justifications for moms not staying home to raise their own children . With the logical precision of a good trial lawyer , Venker takes on these prevalent myths , one by one , and shows convincingly the fallacy behind each one of them . In particular , I thought her use of various empirical studies to support her points was effective . I also liked her insightful treatment of the flawed economics of the case for moms going to work , since money is such a common justification for the decision to go back to work and leave the kids at day care . Finally , I give the author points for having the courage to say something that will not be politically popular and that will leave a lot of parents feeling uncomfortable about the choices that they have made . Yet , if it causes even just a few moms to re-think their choice about going back to work , it will be a book that was not written in vain .
 An excellent and informative book ! The author packs a lot of valuable information into a relatively short 170 pages and writes in a very readable style that makes the book hard to put down -LRB- both essential qualities for a busy stay at home mom of toddlers ! -RRB- . Ms. Venker is not against working mothers across the board , but her premise is that a mother 's work should take second place to her role as mother and be fit in around her children 's schedule -LRB- for example , working while the children are home with Daddy -RRB- . This book is a breath of fresh air to me ! I was an excellent student in college whose professors fully expected and encouraged me to plunge ahead in the academic and professional world . However , I knew that once I had children , they would become my first priority . Since that decision , I have felt the pressure and disdain of the media and of fellow mothers who believe that being a stay-at-home mom is a demeaning and foolish role . It 's hard not to buy into the lie that your mind will atrophy and your professional abilities will shrivel and die while at home with your children!Ms . Venker restores my sense of equilibrium with her book . She counters the myths that the media and `` gender-feminists '' have tried to feed us -LRB- many of whom never had children or had them but never even tried to stay home full-time with them -RRB- :1 . `` Men can have it all . Why should n't we ? `` 2 . `` I could never stay home full-time ! `` 3 . `` You 're so lucky you can stay at home ! '' -LRB- which disregards the substantial financial sacrifices many of us have made to do so ! -RRB- 4 . `` I could balance work and family if I had more support . `` 5 . `` I 'm a better mom for working . '' -LRB- I hear this one in every major woman 's magazine . -RRB- 6 . `` My children just love daycare . '' -LRB- One of my working friends used this one just last weekend . -RRB- 7 . `` I have it all planned out . `` I wish every mother in America had the courage to read this book !
 `` 7Myths of Working Mothers '' should be required reading for anyone considering having children . Before I read it , I felt guilty about my decision to quit my job and stay at home to raise my son . My college degrees and career aside , I felt like working and having children -LRB- simultaneously -RRB- was what society expected of me as a `` modern woman . `` Ms. Venker does not preach . She explains her views logically , and backs them up with research and evidence from a myriad of experts . That is not to say that she is n't passionate . `` 7 Myths of Working Mothers '' made me cry sometimes , and laugh sometimes , but most of all , it made me stop second guessing myself about my decision to stay home and be a full-time mom .
 I felt like cheering most of the time as I read this book . Ms. Venker writes so articulately regarding many of the thoughts I have had as a mother , but did n't know how to express . She is thoughtful in her comments and very honest . She does n't portray motherhood as being totally blissful , but does express the importance of actually parenting your children once you decide to have them . She helps us to realize that , as we have more and more choices in our lives , there are always repercussions to our choices . We need to make sure that our children 's needs are our first priority as we make our choices . We can `` have it all '' , but maybe not all at the same time . Thank you , Suzanne , for saying what we all need to hear !
 This is a wonderful , informative , eye-opening book about the importance of being around to raise your children . I feel that Ms. Venker says what so many others are afraid to say
 I bought this book after reading a review that it made one reader 's blood boil.I was disappointed in that respect - it did not make my blood boil and I am a part time stay at home mom and work part time . I think that this book did put in print some of the `` gut feelings '' that many moms have after having kids but are afraid to express to their families or their working friends . I do n't feel that stay at home moms get the credit they deserve as I know it is one of the hardest jobs in the world and so important . This book did not offend me as I am secure in the way that I am raising my children and think that for some people who are too swayed by other people 's opinion it will be a major eye-opener . They may not like what they see .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book . It said in print all the thoughts I have had since becoming a full-time mom eleven years ago . Contrary to what I now read in the media , I do not believe the media is biased against working mothers . I believe the media goes out of its way to support working mothers and puts down what full-time moms do in the process . I agree whole-heartedly with many points in the book , including Mrs. Venker 's observation that the media contends that working mothers have two jobs , raising a family and working outside the home when in fact their children are being raised for them the majority of their week . I also agree that it is a myth that the majority of working mothers have to work . This book is a wonderful breath of fresh air for full-time moms . Bravo !
 I 'm going to post my review before I read any others -- and say that I can only imagine how hopping mad this book will make mothers who choose to work . The author has decided to cut through the culture 's politically correct rhetoric and simply tell it like it is
 Venker 's book is a compilation of true facts about the consequences of full time working mothers . Venker is able to give a response to every single excuse a full time working mother has made for choosing to go back to work - even the sacred `` You 're so lucky you can say at home , we could never afford it '' excuse.Here are some great quotes from her book : `` But to suggest that women should remain in the workforce their entire lives to prove something to themselves and the world at their children 's expense is simply wrong . '' '' -LSB- the working mother -RSB- She 's amazing we say ! Just how does she do it ? And the answer , of course , is that she does n't . She pays someone else to do the work of motherhood for her so that she can pursue a career . She ca n't , after all , be in two places at one time . '' `` Because the fact is , if a woman needs something external - like a career - in order to feel good about herself , then she does n't have a strong sense of self to begin with . '' `` Those who care for other peoples children on a full time basis are not `` baby sitting '' or `` watching , these care givers are raising other women 's children '' `` Thus , when the educated mother choses to pursue a career instead of being home with her children , what she invariably tells her children is that her education and abilities are so superior that to stay home to pass this knowledge and intellect on to them would be a waste of time . '' `` The question we ought to be asking is why , in the space of a generation , we have come to consider taking care of our own kids - even if its just for a few short years before they are in school - as a perk of the rich , like yachting ? '' `` The Census Bureau reported in 1997 that the difference in median income level of married-couple families with children below the age of 18 in which both the husband and wife work `` year-round and full-time '' and families in which only the husband worked was $ 17,638 . Subtracting work related costs , you 'll find that the average two-income family nets perhaps ever thousand dollars a year . '' `` Couples get used to making a rather hefty income together and having whatever they want , whenever they want . When they re asked to give all that up to raise their children for free , they find that it 's too tall of an order . So they do n't give it up . '' `` If you choose to raise children your careers will suffer and if you choose careers , your kids will suffer - and so will you from the guilt and compromises you 'll be forced to make . '' `` Second , working mothers are much less inclined to discipline their children during the hours they are with them for the simple reason that they have n't seen them all day and do not want to spend what little time they do have fighting with their kids . '' `` Mothers who hire nannies must also face that fact that their nannies know their children better than they do . `` About mothers who say there is no difference between a kid raised at home or in daycare , as long as the parent is kind and caring during the hours they do spend with the kid `` That 's like saying there 's no difference between an employee who comes to work everyday and does the job and an employee who only shows up one day a week , but on that particular day is really nice . '' `` Regardless of how a working mother explains to her children her reasons for being gone all day , the only thing her children will take from her explanation is that there 's some place else she would rather be . '' '' It is in the sacrifice of raising children and fulfilling obligations to family that human beings find their glory and rise above animals . Certainly , people working on assembly lines and sitting in freeway traffic look more like ants than someone who spends her day teaching her children about God or coaching her child 's soccer team . '' `` And right means the child does NOT pay the price for the parents ambitions and that the parent has the centering and family love that makes life a pleasure . `` This is a must read book to any woman thinking about having a family , and especially to every woman who is considering going back to work .
 I spent the first 13 years of my life as a career woman and then we decided to start our family . It was very important to me to have one of us there to raise our own children -LRB- not daycare -RRB- so we waited until we had purchased our first house and we found that my husband 's job was sufficient to cover our needs . This meant that we got a little later start than most and we had a few less toys than some , but it was worth it to both of us ! 30 years later , I lost my husband and had to make some hard decisions again , as I still have two young children at home . After allot of research and creative thinking , I opted to turn a hobby of mine into a job that I could do from home . It is n't easy , I do n't draw a huge income , but it makes ends meet and I can give the same TLC and attention that I gave to my older children to my younger two.I agree strongly with the author , if you have children , then you need to fit the career to the children , not the other way around . Children deserve our best , not our leftovers at the end of the day , after all , they are not an accessory and they need and want our focus . I enjoy my children and my career , though after losing my husband , I was told that the only option that I had was working full time . I am sorry , but those nay sayers do n't give women enough credit ! How sad that so many leave their young children for other 's to raise , simply because they do n't believe that staying and/or working at home is an option !
 Before reading this book I had every intention on staying at home with my children . Now I have all the more reason to stay at home . Parents need to parent their own children.I applaud Suzanne Venker for her courage in writing this book . Finally the truth is told .
 Women have become so polarized in the past 30-40 years that we are our own worst enemies . Some women have had to work in every generation to support their families and some women hire other people to raise their children so they can play golf and have their hair done . FINE ! Perhaps if women stopped being so critical of choices made by others , we could find more constructive ways to help children to grow up in loving and attentive environments.On a personal note , I left my career to raise my two daughters and have never regretted a moment . They are wonderful , funny , competent women and they are looking forward to being parents . Parenting is the most difficult job in the world - no pay , no sleep , every penny goes to them and no vacations . -LRB- Holidays are working days for moms . -RRB- So much work , so little time . Best job in the world .
 I am a 28 year old male college graduate and i seriously recommend this book for any current/past college student . People who are 19-29 really need to read a book of this nature to prepare for the life that is ahead of them . I am so blessed that i had parents that stressed that `` life will change drastically once you have kids '' , `` be sure to have safe sex and put education first , and get your education before you start having kids '' and `` life involves alot of sacrifices and tough choices '' . I was raised with a strong sense of family and raising children and making sacrifices for them . Having had parents like this , made reading S.Venker 's book like a deeper conversation with them.I am also very concerned with how children are being raised in this day in age , especially women . Women are being raised with a `` Corporate '' mentality and raised to hold onto their careers for dear life as it will be the only way to protect themselves from THE SUM OF ALL FEARS -LRB- nasty divorces , abusive relationships , etc -RRB- . Raising daughters this way will prevent them from shaping their priorities around starting a family and makes it harder for them to embrace unexpected motherhood . Any husband in this day in age , has a fight of his life coming for him if he marries a woman like this . Telling women that going into the workforce will complete them and give them a since of purpose is a ridiculous as it gets . Men work to support their families , but you 'd be hard pressed to find men that claim that their joy in life is working 10-12 hrs a day and being away from their family , missing all the developments that take place.Society paints full time mothers in the same light as a person with a 7th grade education , and thats not right . Regardless of what role you play in the family , both spouses are the reason for the success of the family and the career -LRB- s -RRB- as they both make it possible for everything to get accomplished . In society today , full time mothers are looked upon as people who have no profitable talent , and im sure that alot of husbands harass full time mothers , using their financial responsibilities as leverage.Where this mentality hurts women is that it creates a divide b/w men and women and really stifles the support for raising children and family roles . No longer will the children have a parent at home to raise them , someone else will . In the end , children will suffer the most , the party that doesnt have a means to voice their opinion . Our society no longer values the sacrifices that raising a family demands.I think the root of the problem is extreme feminist propaganda and husbands that have taken their full time parent spouses for granted . Due to both factors , society has undervalued -LRB- a complete understatement -RRB- the importance of part-time/full time motherhood , and women today are forcing themselves to reject the characteristics within their biological nature .
 I found this book extremely well written and helpful in my decision to take some time off from practicing law to raise my young son full-time . My favorite aspect of this book is that the author repeatedly `` tells it like it is '' and addresses many of the `` myths '' I hear almost every day -LRB- and that I once told myself -RRB- about choosing to work rather than raise children full-time while they are young . It 's a very helpful book if you are struggling with deciding whether to take time out from work to raise your kids full time . -LRB- As an aside - the author can be a little judgmental at times , but I looked past that . No book is perfect . I found her good points outweighed the judgmental tone of portions of the book . -RRB- I also enjoyed Maternal Desire and several attachment parenting books -LRB- Attached at the Heart and Beyond the Sling -RRB- - even though I do n't 100 % practice AP - if you are looking for other recommendations related to this issue .
 I consider this CD-Rom the best English dictionary on the market . Each entry has IPA symbols and also a red loudspeaker icon for the British pronunciation and a blue one for the American . A microphone icon let you practise your pronunciation.The feature I like using every day is the QUICKfind with the automatic sound . You just point the mouse at a Word document or at the text on a web page and the software speaks up the sound for you . While listening to the sound , the QUICKfind let you have a small dictionary window open on the screen with the meaning of each word you are pointing the mouse at , and the two loudspeakers with both English and American pronunciations are still there . Just imagine all those foreign languages and literatures university students who are going to prepare for their oral exams and have to be able to read aloud loads of poems with a perfect pronunciation and also explain the words ' meanings - what a lot of time saved with the aid of this software!The main window has three other useful icons , i.e. Exercises , Pictures and Study pages.Among the Exercises , you can find Word Exercises -LRB- adjectives and adverbs , affixes , homophones , irregular and problem verbs , noun forms , suffixes , verbs meaning ` perform ' -RRB- and Pictures Exercises -LRB- animals , back , birds , body , car exterior , car interior , cars and trucks , clothes , flowers , foot , fruit , hair , hand , hats , head , in the kitchen , in the office , kitchen equipment , office equipment , phrasal verbs , planes , ships and boats , skeleton , sports , vegetables -RRB- . Among the Pictures you can find about 100 tables of content with colourful drawings . If you point the mouse at a drawing , its word appears , whereas if you click on the drawing , its meaning appears.Among the Study pages you can find very useful documents in PDF format , divided into two categories , i.e. `` Vocabulary , Grammar , Pronunciation '' -LRB- a guide to pronunciation , determiners , homographs , homophones , irregular verbs , modal verbs , phrasal verbs , prefixes and suffixes , punctuation , regular inflections , regular verb tenses , relative clauses , word building -RRB- and `` General Information '' -LRB- common names , common symbols , computers , geographical names , letter writing , measurements and quantities , money , periods of time , relationships , sounds and smells , telephoning , varieties of English , work and jobs -RRB- . I would give this item six stars , if only I could ! Highly recommended to all those who need a very fast desktop companion , for it 's a real pleasure to work with , and once the software is saved into your hard disk , you wo n't need to run the CD any more .
 I have been searching the product like this for long time , I got one . The important feature are pronounciation and quickfind . Just by mouse over the word you can find out the meaning .
 Good product . It is as described on Amazon . I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a good value proposition .
 `` Social Things '' is a delightful introduction to the field of sociology -- an engaging read for anyone interested in the field . It 's exceptionally clear and readable , with a brief history highlighted by the contributions of major theorists and schools of thought . But the author 's charming and personable voice enlivens the journey and makes it a fascinating and pleasurable excursion . No one need be intimidated !
 This book is a most read for any social observer . A real journey thru the history of sociology.Highly recommended
 the description mentioned that it had a fold in the back and i was expecting something horrible , but it 's barely noticeable . Overall , it was in great condition , almost seemed brand new .
 So far I really like it . It 's very informative and useful . I would have given 5 stars but I have it on Kindle and in hindsight would have rather gotten the book in paper . It 's difficult to `` flip through the book '' and find what you need . But I am fairly new to Kindle so maybe it 's just me . Or old fashion enough to prefer a book in hand . But I do recommend it in whichever form you prefer .
 A magnificent compendium of Native American cures and treatments , which are just the thing unless you are actually , you know , sick .
 This is a good book for beginners that teaches the basics of arrow making the traditional way . It also offers alternative ways using modern tools . If you are looking for the way a specific tribe/people made arrows then further research will be required as with any book on this subject . It does however give some detailed information on the arrow crafting techniques of some plains Indians .
 I thought that this book was informative . He describes the herb , and the tribe -LRB- s -RRB- that used it , and how . There is several pages on the tribal tradition , but I would have liked to have seen more indepth about several of the more common tribes and their herbal medicinal usage and practices.I really appreciated the author bringing together how the whole person must be treated in order to treat dis-ease . This is really missing in allopathic medicine.I would recommend this book to any herbal practitioner that would like a different view of herbal treatment , using traditional Native American ways.Kathy Miller
 Another book you do n't loan out , you 'll miss having it for reference.It lists recipes for ailments , and companies where you can purchase the items needed in the mixes.I had to buy more than one , one for loans , one for keeps.The best advice is also given in this book , just because one mix worked for another , it may not be the same for you . We are all different , and so are the many different species of plants . So it does n't just give you one recipe for one ailment , unlike so many other herbal books .
 I believe this book is a `` must-buy '' ; whether you want to discover the wonders of Native American traditional medicines or just interested in herbs . It 's easy to read , and Dr. Cichoke provides the remedies for many illnesses .
 This is another excellent book on Native American herbal remedies and healing ways.The reasonable price allows me to add it to my collection .
 This is a great book , i have n't read it all but going through iti am going to look through it quite often to reference . I would recommend this book to those who are interested in learning more about herbs and their uses .
 A very good comprhreshive book . It has a lot of common problems that you may come across with . A very good reference .
 This book has helped me get away from alot of the junk the doctors want you to take.One of the better books out there .
 Great book very interesting , glad I bought it , and for the rest of the books I 've bought , just glancing thru them , they 're great , love them all , a couple I have to order more because my daughter loved them and took them home with her ...
 Perfet for any Culture , or People .
 Some of the readers who have reviewed this book have criticized it as not being up to the level of its predecessors . I think they mean it 's not as steamy . Face it , the woman was getting a bit older , calmer , and more mature . She was losing the feverish intensity of her youth . But the beauty of the Anais Diaries , other than the view they give of this brilliant , underappreciated author is that they offer an in-depth look at an entire life , starting when she was a by turns dreamy and extremely practical 11-year old girl , longing for her father and being a good girl , through her twenties and thirties when she had the courage to try everything and the sense to lie about it brilliantly.I wish the editors had gone on and done the `` personal '' versions of her later diaries , as I 'm just prurient enough that I 'd like to have known what her love life was like in middle and early old age . But the later diaries show a woman who had achieved her ambitions and peace with herself.I 'll be honest here . I love Anais Nin . I 'll be more honest ; I am IN love with Anais Nin . Reading all of these diaries is my greatest literary adventure since discovering Carlos Castaneda in 1975 . An in depth reading of the diaries is one of the most profound learning experiences a reader can find . If you want to go on with it you can read Henry Miller , and Proust and all the books that influenced her . You could make a life out of it.I think though it would be better to live one . That is her lesson ; live your own life , not the canned life the society wants to sell you .
 This is the last , so far published , of the Anas Nin 's Unexpurgated diaries , edited by her second -LRB- bigamous -RRB- husband Rupert Pole , after her death and that of nearly everyone else discussed . The intensity of her love life continues . Her style continues to evolve to more emotion , sensation and thought brought up from the subconscious , and less external facts . This was partly due to the influence of psychoanalysis and Surrealism.She , ahead of most women , was involved in the change of role from helping men to working independently . This was aggravated by her fear of abandonment , left from the early loss of her father . She was in conflict between her own ambition and the fear of losing her men if she competed successfully with them . She was starting to succeed with her own fiction at this time , but her greatest literary success was still her contribution , in every possible way , to Henry Miller 's work . This book itself is among her best works and probably of more lasting value than Henry 's work , but not in a form that could be published during her life time.Her conflicts and neuroses contribute to the unique value of these books . The emotional scars left by her father contribute to the complexity of her love life and to her difficult but intense and semi-promiscuous sex life . Her partially liberated role and her dependence on the diary for emotional support made it difficult for her to convert from diary writing to fiction , resulting in writing more real and candid than possible when writing for publication . She was in contact with other leading artists of her time , sometimes physically as well as intellectually , and was completely devoted to her relationships and her writing , but most of her writing was so personal that she showed only small sections of it even to her lovers.Her first works to become popular were her erotic stories , written a few years later . These are unusual and perhaps unique as the first serious erotic literature in English and as the first erotica written by a woman . They therefore revealed aspects of sexuality and particularly of female sexuality that were not previously available in writing . Most of that material , as well as her other fiction , was taken directly from these diaries , where it appears more realistically -LRB- or surrealistically -RRB- , in more detail and in its real context.More can be found at
 nearer the moon is a book whic has affected my life in so many good ways . I have become a better lyricist , and a more insightful poet because of her ability to be so bold , honest , and real while being one of the greatist poets and writers of our time . Anais Nin 's writting not only stands asa representation of how beautiful life is , but also stands as a bench mark in history . We can look into our past and see when her writing was rejected from culture and society , and see how far we 've come . Through Anais Nin we can actully see Americas liberation process .
 Masterton has done it again . This book surprised me and also scared the hell out of me at times . People in the reviews are complaining about this book being a rip off of other books ... give me a break . This has a HP Lovecraft twist but in a Masterton way ! He brings out the FLAVOR of it all . the ending was a disappointment with what the character does , but hey , that is life in the real world . If you enjoy a really creepy haunting tale , this one is for you ...
 This is one of the BEST books from the MASTERton of horror ! Action , suspense and excitment from page one ! This is a book that would keep you glued to your couch from page front to end ! I recommend this book to all who love an awesome scare ! You will not be upset ! This is not one of his regular horror books that has to do with the devil , but has to do with something totally different . A great change , and one worth reading !
 `` Prey '' may well be a disappointment to Lovecraft fans . The tale treats with a certain beast from Lovecraft 's story `` The Dreams In The Witch-House '' , and has altered the character somewhat . While this treatment works well within the context of the story , it would be better if one was not familiar with the character beforehand . However , Masterton is an especially skillful teller of Weird fiction , and the story rockets along . The story of a recently-divorced man who has custody of his young son , and retreats to a remote house on the Isle of Wight , working through his thoughts there while attempting to renovate a strange old place , is well-told and not without its effective moments . The other characters are well-drawn , and the interplay between characters is believable . There are elements that are left unexplained , though , as if the original story was heavily edited for publication . An interesting sidelight to this story and HPLs story is that a creature somewhat like this was supposedly found on the Isle of Man in the early thirties , and it is possible that Lovecraft had heard of it before he wrote his tale , and that Masterton has also , hence the setting . This is an above-average story of the supernatural , with some elements of the classic ghost story added to pieces from the Cthulhu Mythos...well-worth reading .
 This is the best book written by Graham Masterton . A true homage to Lovecraft and his Brown Jenkin . Scary , gory , dark , sinister with characters that one cares about . What a great book , so well written . Once you start , you wo n't be able to place it down , t is that good .
 This being my first Graham Masterton , I was skeptical . It was hard to get into , but once I drew a mental , it was downhill from there . I inhaled the rest in one afternoon and refused to part with it until I had finished . He does not write like Stephen King or some of the other `` classic '' horror authors . His descriptions are not clear enough to give you an instant mental picture of his subjects . Translation ? You have to think a little more , but the climax gets you . I found one mistake in my book though , do n't know if he wrote it , the editors missed it or if someone 's record skipped , but there was an obvious error . Great book overall . I love stories like that - way out there . He might have given the priest a little more spunk though and not inferred that God was powerless .
 I would like to say that i am fairly new to Mastertons world but i recently read Prey and enjoyed it immensly . Not only did i find it full of gore and spine chilling moments , i also found i could not put the book down . I like the way in which he twists the ending , and keeps us all guessing until the very end . I promise that if you read just one of Mastertons books you will want to read many more !
 PREY is n't Mastertons best , but is entertaining enough . It 's in keeping with his usual blend of intelegent horror and all out gore . I loved the book , and read it in next to no time , I dont usually read books twice , but I did this time . OVERVIEW
 Something unseen is lurking in the attic of Fortyfoot House . David 's dreams and delusions seemed so real to him and Danny in their new home which had been an orphanage in the 19th century . There is an adjoining cemetery with an assortment of 60-70 elaborate gravestones and a small , abandoned Gothic chapel across the stream from the back garden . In this garden near the back gate there stands a marvelous sundial near the rose arbor . The ` thing ' in the attic is causing them nightmares.There was a recent -LRB- 2003 -RRB- novel by Michael Crichton with this same title . Thus , when I saw it on sale , I thought at first it was his until I remembered THE HOUSE THAT JACK BUILT . This horror story was released almost ten years earlier in Britian and is not about scary monsters of animals or cloned dinosaurs . It is scary , full of ghostly figures and apparitions . SHIVERS calls this book `` one of the most disturbing novels I 've read . '' Not so , it 's not disturbing -- it 's just a restless soul seeking redemption . Apparently the old woman had osteoporsis , as she was all bent over.It is legend that if a person dies under mysterious circumstances or is killed by persons unknown , his spirit lingers behind until someone discovers the secret . Like the movie THE GRUDGE , these restless spirits neeeded redemption and the truth to come out concerning their deaths . It reminded me of the cable-t.v. movie of a house which lured people there but lived off the occupants . When one died , the plants were more vivid and healthy . Now , that was scary.Graham Masterton has mastered his art in the horror genre . If you like to feel shivery and get that heart beating fast , this is the book for you . I take back what I wrote in another review about his Polish connections . He is a gem who found his niche .
 There are characters in this book that still haunt me a few years after reading it . This book has to be in my top 3 for scariest books ever read . Wildly entertaining . The characters were well developed . The town people gave an extra creepy feel to the story . If its a genuine scare you want then you should read this book . Watch out for Brown Jenkins ! Masterton at his finest .
 This is a great book that keeps you reading to the late hours of the night . The gruesome depictions of human suffering , mutilation , and occult influences are a great indication of the grand finale . A must for all fans of dark fiction ! Graham Materton is a very disturbed and imaginative writer ...
 I 'm telling ya , people
 This was my first Graham Masterton novel and wont be my last ! I have read this book a year ago and it still lingers in the mind ! It was so original and took me by surprise with all of its twists and shocks . I enjoyed the characters and I was frightened by the bad ones . While reading this book you feel relieved to know that this is only fiction . Kind of like a nightmare you wake up from and are so happy being back in reality ! I highly recommend this book to horror fans !
 Buy this book , it kept me awake for days . Brown Jenkins and the long legged man fill me with dread
 David Williams with his young son Danny move into Fortyfoot House , a run down 19th century orphanage in Bonchurch to restore it . He hears scuffling and scratching in the walls and attic that could be a rat and in reality is more like a rat monstrosity . Locally the town has a history of children who disappear , never to be seen again . They are taken where the clock ca n't find them , taken by this rat/boy creature , Brown Jenkin . He starts to see spirits of people long dead , yet are not dead . He learns the history of the house , which is still happening yesterday , now and tomorrow . The house not only has a sinister past , but an equally sinister present and future . This time travel tale is unsettling , and engrossing . It 's an uneasy read . I can not stress to you enough just how good Masterton is , and if you can only pick up one or two books at a time , let this be on your list .
 I have been a fan of Graham Masterton 's fiction for a number of years now , since I first came across his work when just a schoolboy . This is certainly a very entertaining horror read , and engages the reader on many levels.Masterton is a master of mood and setting , and here he perfectly captures the air of an English summer on the Isle of Wight , in the midst of which stands Fortyfoot House with all it 's menace ... The evil presence of a being known popularly to locals as Brown Jenkin , part giant rat , part human , scurries through the walls of the house , twittering and calling in the darkness . Strange lights and sounds come from the attic at night . Why did so many children die in the space of a few days at Fortyfoot House in November 1886 ? Why is the roof constructed in such a bizarre fashion , so that it 's angles appear ... impossible?Masterton has drawn heavily from the Cthulhu Mythos originated by classic writer H. P. Lovecraft for this story . At first I was dismayed that he did this , as I am thoroughly versed in the original canon . My fear was that he would take such liberties as to ruin my enjoyment of this book , despite being such a Masterton fan . However , with reflection I do not see it as a problem at all . Sure , he has taken huge liberties with Cthulhu Mythos lore , but why not ? Too many people are too precious about it . Besides , the constant addition and taking of liberties only serve to enhance and contribute further to the cycle . While this novel is certainly fringe-Mythos , it is still a fantastic read . And you can not ask for more than that.With plenty of gory detail to satisfy without overpowering you , Masterton has written another great horror tale . A classic horror page turner .
 David Williams is not having a good year . His wife leaves him and his son , Daniel , for another man , taking most of his money in the process . In his emotional distraction he loses his business . It is only by happenstance that he finds a position restoring Fortyfoot House , a century old deserted orphanage . No sooner does he settle in but he starts hearing spooky scratching and rustling in the attic . And he sees ghostly presences in the garden and bedroom.The only good news in David 's life is the appearance of Elizabeth , an attractive college student , who moves in while on a summer job . She helps with the cooking and provides needed companionship . As David investigates the strange goings on about Fortyfoot House he discovers that the strange noises and lights are blamed by the villagers on a strange rat-like creature called Brown Jenkin . He is associated with the original owners of the house . In 1886 a terrible disease struck the orphanage and all the children died . In some fashion Brown Jenkin had something to do with the deaths.Soon the haunting turns into killing , as first a rat killer , and then a neighbor , are horribly slaughtered . David discovers that the house is n't quite where it appears to be . The horror builds until the lives of both Daniel and Liz are threatened and David is drawn into an insane ritual that promises the end of the world . David must face inhuman evil if he wishes to end the nightmare.Graham Masterton , less known that writers like King , Straub and Koontz , is still one of our best contemporary horror writers . `` Prey , '' written in 1992 , is something of a tour-de-force . Masterton makes use of both legends and occult mythology to craft a tale that draws the reader in and keeps him or her reading to the very end . Masterton has the ability to build the horror of a scene so that is has real impact . His narrative flows naturally and his use of internal dialog contributes to the dark atmosphere . `` Prey '' is a classic of top-notch spookiness .
 I think this is one of the best page turners I have read in along time . I definately think it 's better than `` Jack Built '' . It is very twisted and makes you think about time and space . Worth your money on all counts . If you like horror ... this is a good one !
 I have only read four of Graham Masterton 's novels to date - `` The Burning , '' `` The House That Jack Built , '' `` Spirit , '' and `` Prey '' - and all four have left a lasting impression on me . I do n't understand why this author does not receive more praise from horror readers . Why does an overrated writer like Richard Laymon sell thousands upon thousands of mass-market reprints , receiving laudatory accolades the likes of which have n't been seen since Roman generals celebrated triumphs and ovations in the streets of Rome , while Masterton remains in the shadows ? Beats me . I 'll take a Graham Masterton novel over the vast amount of hash that passes for horror any day . His novels literally burst with energy , extreme gore , and intriguing plots . For instance , this author took the old haunted house theme and reworked it in a new , intriguing way in `` Spirit '' and `` The House That Jack Built . '' With `` Prey , '' Masterton fleshes out H.P. Lovecraft 's story `` The Dreams in the Witch House '' into a lengthy novel loaded with soul numbing horror . While I agree with many other reviewers who state that this book is not Masterton 's best effort , I disagree when they say it 's an unworthy read . Even an average effort from this storyteller is a cracking good yarn . `` Prey '' takes place on the Isle of Wight , a location known to me primarily as the site of one of the best live performances from Emerson , Lake , and Palmer . But forget about hearing `` Pictures at an Exhibition '' here . Masterton introduces us to Fortyfoot House , a monolithic structure with a past so horrifying that it 's continuing presence instills great dread in the natives . David Williams , an interior decorator plodding through a shattered marriage and catastrophic financial difficulties , moves into the house with his son Danny to renovate the decaying abode in an effort to resuscitate his ill fortunes . Right from the start weird incidents occur . Father and son witness through the windows of a shattered chapel a ghostly man clad in black moving across the lawn . An old painting of an evil , red headed woman in the same chapel scares both of them . And then there are the scratching noises in the attic , noises that David first attributes to common rats until he hears the local myth about Brown Jenkin . According to the hysterical tales floating around the island , Brown Jenkin is a dangerous supernatural creature of frightening size and shape . Moreover , there is talk about local children disappearing whenever strange lights appear in Fortyfoot House . David Williams considers this talk nonsense and begins renovating with the help of a young woman named Liz who turned up to squat at the abandoned house.After the local exterminator dies in an extremely grotesque manner while searching for Brown Jenkin , Williams begins feeling real dread . Despite increasingly bizarre occurrences , however , he refuses to leave Fortyfoot House . After all , he needs the money the job will bring in . Still you would think the apparitions moving across the lawn and in the picture hanging on a wall in the house would cause the most stouthearted to head for the hills , especially when one 's child is in danger . But Williams stays as things get weirder . More deaths occur , as do more malefic hallucinations . David learns about the history of Fortyfoot House from a local woman and the local vicar , learns about the family that lived there and ran the place as an orphanage , about a wicked woman named Kezia Mason and her alleged ties to witchcraft . And he learns more than he ever cared to know about Brown Jenkin and the purposes of the house when he opens a trapdoor in the attic only to stare into a nightmare beyond all known conceptions of time and space . `` Prey '' goes well beyond the bare bones story created by H.P. Lovecraft , turning `` The Dreams in the Witch House '' into nothing less than an apocalyptic tale where the eldritch horrors of the Cthulhu mythos put in a personal appearance.I ultimately liked `` Prey , '' especially Masterton 's skillful creation of a detailed backstory explaining the origins of Fortyfoot House . I enjoyed the gory sequences as well -LRB- check out what happens to the vicar when he and David decide to step through that trapdoor -RRB- . What I could n't help but notice were the numerous plot holes threading their way through the story , plot holes so huge you could lob the planet Jupiter straight through them without touching the edges . What in the heck is this guy doing staying in the house after these nightmares start unfolding on a regular basis ? And with a kid ? No way , Jose . Masterton occasionally does an effective job of overcoming this problem , at least in the beginning , but after a time the continued presence of these people in Fortyfoot House just does n't ring true . And while I thought the ending exciting and properly disturbing in the grand tradition of Lovecraft , I did n't buy for a second how Williams suddenly got another chance to avoid the disastrous effects of the house . Does n't that sort of negate the events of the entire novel ? And why not just grab Liz and run off instead of letting her go?Yes sir , there are more than a few problems with `` Prey . '' Are they enough to ruin the book ? Hardly . The pace moves at lightening speed once Masterton establishes the plot elements , the creative history of the house is massively entertaining , and there is enough bloodshed to warm the black hearts of the gorehounds . I ca n't give the book five stars though , both for the issues listed above and the lack of the distinctive Lovecraft narrative voice . One of the things I love about good old H.P. is the ornate -LRB- some would say overblown -RRB- prose , which always seems to add an additional gravitas to the shrieking horrors . Masterton writes in plain old English , effective enough for a good story but not comparable to the master . An entertaining read .
 This was my first Masterton book ; I remember getting a copy of it in my language -LRB- I 'm Polish -RRB- from another fellow Polish student in 9th grade . That 's all it took for me to be hooked on Graham forever , just this one book.That was ten years ago , now my bookshelf is crammed with Masterton , I pretty much bought everything he wrote , and let me tell you , there was n't one book I have n't like , from what I read all ready . I treat his book like precious jewels , because he does n't write that much , and hopefully he has new things coming out so I can immerse myself in him again.Prey was a fascinating read . This was beyond a haunted house story . I still remember vividly reading this into the wee hours of the night , sweaty , with matted hair over my head , not daring to turn the lights off and go to sleep.This story will suck you in , its scary , deep , well written , and its insanely entertaining!Briefly why I loved this book
 Masterton 's Work has never been for all people . He has a style that brings the other world into reaching distance of this world . He creates works that lovers of the surreal side of horror enjoy . In many respects that is what his horror novels have in common , since none of them are consistently.As usual , Masterton creates a vivid first person narrative , and shows the person a picture of a dark and foreboding place in the other side of the world of `` reality '' . I have never been disappointed by a Masterton Horror novel , and whilst I also wonder why he has not received more wider acclaim than he has , it is very evident that he has influenced the film world of horror either implicitly , or explicitly . I sometimes suspect maybe that he has done a script under a Nom De Plume , especially since Masterton 's Books have appeared under the names of `` other authors '' . PREY is a rather vivid example of Masterton 's many books that I have seen all too many times . He can paint a brilliant picture of a lush , beautiful island , as well as the house in the book , and then push us '' through the looking glass '' to the other side , and in many ways , have the other side come slithering into our world . Very few writers create the kind of atmosphere that Masterton can , and yet , when he does , the `` elite '' horror fans continue to pan his work in the worst possible way.Overall , with Masterton 's works , I would much prefer to buy hardback copies of Masterton 's material , and on occasion I have , but they are mostly in the rather short lived `` trade paperbacks '' which have enough acid to cause them to give the book the PH level of a Kitty Litter tray .
 A HORROR BOOK CAN NOT GET BETTER THAN THIS ; G.M HAS A WAY WITH WORDS TO SCARE THE BEJEE 'S OUT OF YOU . HIS STYLE , PROSE AND CHARACTERS ARE ALWAYS REFRESHING , ENTERTAINING AND NEVER LACKS TO GRASP YOUR ATTENTION AND INTREST . ANY LADIES THINKING G.M IS A GREAT AUTHOR WRITE TO ME VIA E-MAIL .
 Despite his considerable output of poetry , short stories and autobiographical work , this is Langston Hughes ' only novel . It is the tremendously crafted story of Sandy , a black child of the 1920s in rural Kansas . In poignant tightly written chapters , Hughes ' depicts various events in Sandy 's life often slipping into the perspective of those closest to him . Sandy lives most his life with his strong-willed and deeply religious grandmother Aunt Hager . She is a benevolent woman who desires peaceful racial relations despite the overwhelming amount of racism and discrimination professed by both white and black community members . Sandy 's mother Annjee is a loving and hard working woman eternally devoted to her husband Jimboy who is a good hearted man constantly on the move . Sandy 's aunt Tempy is a well-off woman trying to immerse herself in white society and denigrating her own race in the process . His other aunt Harriett is a wilful woman who turns from the church for a different kind of existence . Through these expertly drawn characters , Sandy views their examples and he must make the choices that will effect his future . The novel is a tremendous chronicle of the struggle of a family to survive financially . It gives accounts of the psychological dilemma created by growing in a racially divided society and the diffuse joy in life that can be found even in troubling circumstances.Maya Angelou wrote of Not Without Laughter
 Langston Hughes is a truly gifted writer . In this story he shows six different characters , all afflicted by racism and the numerous tactics each devises to combat its force . Their methods include , hating white america , enduring the blow , assimilating , laughing in the faces and then there is Sandy ... He is slowing coming of age amidst all of these adults that he loves and admires , but soon he shall have to pick a path of his own . He knows that he must fight against the threat of racisim with out developing so much anger it consumes him as well . He knows must stand up for the race and culture he loves and some how advance his people with the power of his life . This story , is one of the best depictions of a black family that I have come across and can relate to . I miss Langston , and I love his legacy .
 If you 're not a Langston Hughes fan-once you read this book you 'll be a fan for life . I guarantee you 'll want to read everything he 's ever written . Wait until you discover '' Simple '' . Not without Laughter took me back in time to a small southern town and the loving , secure , life defining relationship I shared with my grandmother .
 Such heart ! I have read his poetry , but I had never read his prose . So smooth , so wonderful . I adore the characters . They followed me throughout the day . This is written so well , I really felt like I was right there . I also ran through a gamut of emotions while reading this . That 's what a book should do - make me feel , make me think , make me wonder ... This book did that for me .
 I can not stress enough how much I like this book , and all of Langston Hughes ' writings . He is my favorite author , poet , playright and I always enjoy his work . No mattter what race you are -LRB- I myself happen to be white -RRB- , you should be able to realize the social importance of all of Langston Hughes ' work . This particular book really sheds light on the plight of so many black people that really is n't tought to young people . The progression that all the characters make in this book is really written quite well . I liked the fact that the book took place over a long period of time . Also , there are some events and plots that are unexpected , but definitely realistic .
 Okay , I had to read this book for school . From the description on the back I did n't think that it would be very interesting . I was wrong . It held my attention with it 's colorful words and characters and kept me guessing about some characters . Anyway , overall it was a very good book . I only wish that the ending was developed more and was n't one of those `` use your imagination '' endings .
 This book by Langston Hughes captures the life of the Midwest through the eyes of a young growing by in the early 1900 's . I thought the portrayal of that life , the struggles and hardships , and the community love despite thiese things , was excellent . The writing was simple and provided a good flow to draw me into the story and to be placed in the time frame . This is a keeper for the library collection .
 James Mercer Langston Hughes -LRB- February 1 , 1902 - May 22 , 1967 -RRB- was an American poet , social activist , novelist , playwright , and columnist . He was one of the earliest innovators of the then-new literary art form jazz poetry . -LRB- quoted from wikipedia -RRB- This novel , published in 1930 , covers the life of a colored boy in Kansas , during the early 20th century . It is mostly plain but beautiful prose , but sometimes it derails into blues texts and other songs . The poet ca n't deny his calling.Storms!Langston Hughes was born in Joplin , Missouri . I picked up this book from my Mount Readme for no better reason than Irene battering the east coast and super - taifun Nanmadol approaching East China . It seemed the right time to read a novel that starts with a twister which carries grandmother 's front porch into orbit , written by a man from Joplin , of all places.A secondary motive
 `` There ai n't no room in this world fo ' nothing ' but love , Sandy chile . That 's all they 's room fo ' -- nothin ' but love . `` In the above passage , Aunt Hager Williams gives her thoughts on the slavery she experienced in her youth to her young grandson , Sandy -LRB- James -RRB- Williams in the climactic chapter of Langston Hughes 's remarkable coming-of age novel `` Not Without Laughter '' -LRB- 1930 -RRB- . The novel offers a picture of African American life in a fictitious Kansas town , modelled on Lawrence , beginning in about 1911 and concluding with the end of WW I in 1918 . `` Nothing but Love '' is a fitting summation of the book as a whole.Hughes ' partially autobiographical novel tells the story of young Sandy Williams between the ages of 9 -- 16 , and Sandy and his family are the main characters . The boy 's aging grandmother , Hager , is the titular head of the family and inspires the boy with her ambitions for him to make something of his life . She earns money for the family by washing clothes for white people . Hagar 's daughter and Sandy 's mother , Anjee , works as a domestic for a demanding white family . She is married to Jimboy , an itinerant guitarist and singer who spends little time at home but rather wanders throughout the country looking for work . Hager has two other daughters . Tempy Siles has made a successful marriage , moved into the black middle class , and tends to look down upon the rest of the family . The young daughter , Harriet , has a restless streak . She dislikes white people and religion and spends a great deal of time singing and dancing in disreputable parts of the town . After a time as a prostitute , she succeeds as a blues singer.The novel tells the story of how Sandy learns from his family and from other largely African American people in the town and , in the final scenes of the book , in Chicago . The book and its plot begin slowly , but I soon was engaged with the lives of the characters . Hughes gives a rare realistic and enthusiastic look at African American life during the early 20th Century in its variety , difficulty , and hope . There is , of course , great emphasis on the pervasive discrimination African Americans suffered in the American midwest , as most of the institutions in Kansas enforced rigid segregation and discrimination and most of the whites had racist attitudes . But there was much hope and strength in the African American community as well . Sandy receives his greatest inspiration from the strong Aunt Hager who speaks in dialect , as do many of the characters , is deeply religious , and wants Sandy to make a contribution to uplift the race . Hager is an admirer of Booker Washington . Sandy is exposed to the world of learning from Tempy , who raises the boy after Anjee leaves the family to live with her wandering hustand and after Hager dies . Tempy is an admirer of DuBois , but she presses Sandy in the direction of rejecting the African American culture which the young boy , and Hughes , are unwilling to do.Besides the emphasis on educational uplift , there is much in Sandy 's world of guitar playing , music , the blues , and poetry , as songs such as `` St. Louis Blues '' , `` Easy Rider '' `` John Henry '' and many more get a great deal of attention and quotation . The book is in the language of poetry and dialect . Scenes take place in dance halls , barber shops , carnivals , and pool halls , as well as in schools , churches and the home . The town `` bottoms '' -- the home of prostitutes and gamblers -- is described as the only location in the community that is free from race discrimination . The book describes the importance , and frequent repression of sexuality , in the budding awareness of Sandy , and in the experiences of the other characters . Hughes offers a complex and varied perspective on African American life . He emphasizes the importance of knowledge and empowerment . He also treasures the distinctive features of African American life in its poetry , dance , and music and emphasis on family . He suggests to me that African American life can develop its own culture without merely adopting that of white America . The overall tone is one of laughter , love , and forgiveness.Hughes ' novel won the Harmon Gold Medal in 1930 , a prize awarded between 1925 -- 1930 for high achievement in African American art and literature . The novel is not as well known today as it deserves to be . It is a precious story of African American life and of growing up.Robin Friedman
 This book really makes you think of how hard it was for African Americans during the 1930 's and it captures your heart almost immediately . You feel like you know the characters and I would recommend this book to anyone !
 It shed new light for me and allowed me a glimpse into a world I previously had no understanding of . How life was or may have been , from the eyes of a brown skinned child in 1930s . The beauty & strength of African American history shines brightly in this book . A must read !
 Love Langston Hughes ' poetry , but this was a nice departure . I would recommend this book to any young person who has not read anything by Langston .
 book in better than listed condition . I 've really enjoyed reading this book , it takes me back to the Southern Renaissance era as if I were living there . It takes a bit too get used to because of the style of english spoken back then , but great book for someone that can appreciate America 's history . Nice heartfelt story
 Obviously I recommend this book for any lover of `` Langston Hughes '' ... , this is definitely a great read and it 's a book I will keep in my library .
 The Lesbian and Gay book discussion group at the NYC LGBT Center read this book in Feb 2010 . I enjoyed the book and thought that everyone else would , too . It 's a great coming of age story , but I was amazed at how much we found to discuss
 This is a fine novel written at a time of overt racial discrimation about members of a family surviving the best way they could . It does have great relevance to the 21st century because although much has changed -LRB- this was the pre-civil rights period -RRB- , much still needs to be changed . This book should be required high school or college reading .
 The book came quickly and was in the promised shape . Will definitely but from this seller in the future .
 I really liked this book . The characters were intersting and the relationship Sandy had with his grandmother made me think of my grandmother . The book would be good for young people to give them a idea of what black life was like back in the 20 's and 30 's .
 I had to read a book for a book report due in a week . I was beginning to feel hopeless before I stumbled onto this in the library . Langston Hughes is an amazing Writer and poet . This was the first of his novels that I have read and I think it could n't have been more perfect . This book is so rich in its characters and Hughes shows no mercy in telling of the bittersweet culture that engulfs the world of Sandy and his family . After reading this book , the beauty of this people was more evident than ever before . With words that are lovely and flowing and thoughts that are deep and abundant , Hughes is a person whom I wish was still with us .
 The author helped launch the first credit card in the 1950 's . He describes in detail the many bad things that have happened from Americans becoming too reliant on plastic , living beyond their means . Should be required reading for all high school students !!!!
 De Camp has collected a variety of major early writers of Sword & Sorcery in this volume.Several names have become less famous as the years have passed , but this collection has caused me to add the various authors ' names to my bucket list.The Hipster gives it a Thumbs Up .
 Transforming Power is Linthicum 's challenge to the Evangelical World to be smart about power - not the smoke and mirrors power of politics , which he hardly mentions , but the real , daily life power of bringing positive change to neighborhoods and cities . Starting with a solid biblical theology of society , with its spiritual , cultural , economical and political strands , Linthicum then moves to a description of God 's intentions for the world . His discussion of the shalom community will not be new to frequent urbana.org readers , but he manages to bring freshness to the topic.Linthicum 's core message is what he calls the `` Iron Rule of Power ''
 The book is an inspiring , practical Biblically-based manual for moving fromcharity to transformation of community . It is enriched by practical examplesfrom real life experiences in low income communities and working with people with soundtheological underpinnings . It is inspiring ; one feels hopeful and notdependent on experts , but that transformation , step by step , can happenwith committed people inspired by hope and small first successes . A mustbook for people working in low income communities , especially with faithconnections .
 Transforming Power was a great help to me in my understanding of systems and of the necessity of utilizing power to make systemic change . The foundation for this book is that power , when used correctly , is strengthening and liberating . It is critical that Christians understand power and use it in such a way that gives people a purpose , direction , and joy which sets them free.After reading Linthicum 's view that Christians are often afraid of power and see having power as a negative and `` un-Christian-like '' it occurred to me just how much this has affected the role the church is playing in today 's society . A common belief is that Jesus was gentle and did not want or utilize power . While it is true that Jesus was gentle and loving , it is also true that He used power to fight injustice and saw it as a powerful tool . As Christ followers we need not to be afraid to utilize healthy power in order to bring about a shalom community.There are two major sections of this book , `` Theology of Power '' and the `` Practice of Power . '' Linthicum begins with `` Theology of Power '' which lays out a Biblical theology of power giving readers a Biblical framework to place power . He does this by first describing God 's desire for a shalom community and then looking at human 's destruction of this community.Jesus ' use of relational power to triumph over the corrupt and dominating power of the current systems is an example of the positive way in which power can be used . There are many Biblical examples of relational power being used in a positive way by the early church and by the apostles.Linthicum gives practical principles and strategies for utilizing power that brings about transformation . It is the work of the church to learn the Biblical examples of using power and apply it to our world today.I would give this book a rating of five starts . It introduces the reader to Biblical narrative that is often overlooked and incites the reader to action . This book is an easy read that is very powerful . The descriptions of systems by Linthicum were clear and easy to understand . I have already used a number of his Biblical references and power practices in my ministry since reading this book . I know that I will be able to use the theology of this book in many situations during my ministry .
 This is an outstanding piece -- it should be far more widely read than the attention it has received .
 `` I hope this book will never be read . '' So begins Yourcenar 's Fires ... a richly dense collection of famous myths and legends stunningly revitalized through the voices and eyes of the heroines . Intertwining the stories are excerpts from Yournenar 's own journal taken from the time during which she had written the stories . Achingly familiar to anyone recovering from a broken heart , Yourcenar marries the heartache of this century 's woman to women throughout the ages .
 Love is a punishment , says Yourcenar , and in some intellectual and emotive way this book is one . I 've read all of her books , and this is her most felt , chirurgically precise , passionate and torn aproach to what love is and represents in all the roles we - human beings - play at one time or another in our lives . All the possible deceptions , miscommunications and broken hearts are hold in these pages , through the reconstruction and modernization of some greek myths such as Antigone , Achilles and Patroclus , Sapho , and Maria Magdalena -LRB- ok , she was not greek ! -RRB- . Along with `` Memoires of Adrian '' and `` Zenon '' , this is a must-have from Yourcenar .
 `` Fires '' is a collection of hybrid love stories . Most are taken from real or mythological ancient Greece . Ms. Yourcenar does a spectacular job giving these old stories a modern flavor without losing their original context . I also recommend `` A Blue Tale & Other Stories '' by her -LCB- The University of Chicago Press -RCB- . Go where the love is . Although in some remote cases it can be a struggle -LRB- i.e. Romeo & Juliet ; Hamlet -RRB- , love deserves to be accessible , humane , and democratic . Be not afraid to Love/Live .
 this is a rare book in english . I am always shocked to see how hard it is to find it and how no librarian knows Marguerite Yourcenar which is so big in Europe . . so I was glad to find two copies here , one of which i bought used from a third party.good quality , very cheap price.I highly recommend this book , though you 'll need to be indulgent with its decadent romantic philosophy of love . it 's just like fire .
 This book , also if is not so take in consideration in the critical analysis of M.Yourcenar , is the more next at my opinion , to the sensibility of this extraordinary writer . The tranfiguration of the reality in the world of the grecian mytology -LRB- except the episod of Maria Magdalena -RRB- is a very suffer parable of the human condition . This is a little book that sould follow you for the life . -LRB- From the same author and in the same way
 This book has story after story of the most incredible spiritual messages passed down by the centuries from Christian , Buddist , and Sufi monks ; Jewish Rabbis ; Native Americans ; etc. ... I have over 13 years of following a spiritual path and if I ever had to choose one book for `` to the point '' and direct spiritual nourishment , I 'd choose this book .
 A friend gave this book to me , and it was as much a part of her dear empathic self as the truth within its ` pages . Full of touching stories and simple truths , this book will open your heart and challenge your limits in the depthless wonder of understanding that we are all on our own seperate paths , yet on the same path , here on the trail of life . This book should be in re-print NOW !!
 A book of much more depth than the `` Chicken Soup '' books , though it has something of the same purpose .
 this book is one of the most encouraging signs -LRB- conveyers ? -RRB- of health and wisdom in our species . it seems to me ironic that it would go out of print , supplanted by what i remember to be a distinctly less deep and compelling compilationSoul Food
 this is a beautiful book . the one i had for years got compromised by the mold damage we had in our old home so had to be thrown out . since this was one of my favourite books -- of course i had to get another one .
 Those looking for a quick and easy introduction to the symbolism of the Celtic cross would do no better than to buy this book . It is a very easy read , precise and to the point . Many , many wonderful illustrations bring even more enjoyment out of this book , and allow the reader to fully understand the text.But , just an aside , ` Croes Celtaidd ' is Welsh , not Gaelic , as it says in the Editorial review !
 Although I have n't actually read the book , since I just received it a couple days ago , I have scanned through it a couple of times , and it appears to be very informative . One word of caution to any and all who are interested in this item - contact the seller BEFORE you order from them to make sure that everything mentioned in the review is there . Case in point ... I ordered the item from oldorchardbooks , and all that was in the box upon being received was the book . The cross , and `` black silken cord '' that was mentioned in the review was no wheres to be found . I contacted them to find out what was going on , and mentioned the word `` misrepresented '' in the e-mail . They told me that I should have contacted them before placeing the order , for then I would have known not everything was there . I will admit that they did offer me a refund , but considering I was charged more in S&H costs than the item itself , I figure there is no point in returning it , since they probably would n't refund the S&H costs . Thankfully , the book is interesting enough , which is why I gave it 4 stars .
 For some reason , this visionary book has kept its relevance for over fifty years -LRB- revised early Sixties -RRB- . A work of Goodman 's youth , around the time he taught at Black Mountain College , Communitas is by turns common sensical , prophetic , poetic , absurdly idealistic , & frequently -LRB- deliberately -RRB- hilarious.What was so terribly dehumanizing about American cities -LRB- the model here is New York -RRB- in the Forties has not been corrected in any major way . In the aftermath of 9/11 , with that horrible , gaping hole where the Towers stood , one turns again to Communitas & reads about banning cars from New York , making the the city 's avenues pedestrian & bike friendly , preserving good neighborhoods with indigenous personalities , & transforming other harsh , declining or gentrifying areas into safe , humane areas that are welcoming & which provide homes , schools & shopping areas that erase racial & class divides.The Goodmans eagerly to take on Frank Lloyd Wright , Bucky Fuller , the international & all the other various schools of designs for living then current . They reach back to earlier American , British & European models of community that showed promise through their partial successes.This is a deeply felt & humane call for holistic , human-sized communities within our cities . Ultimately , the solutions may not be so grandiose as some of those suggested here . But the World Trade Center Towers , awesome as they were , were coldly & absurdly beyond human scale ; symbols of our subservience to a system of economics that is usually blind to basic human requirements ; gigantic obstacles to the simple warmth of an afternoon 's sunshine . I suspect Paul Goodman despised them .
 If you find this book lying on someone 's coffee table , do n't pick it up -- you 'll be hooked ! I am not an aficionado of trade cards , but I found this book to be endlessly fascinating . Cheadle wisely keeps his writing to a minimum , letting the illustrations speak for themselves -- page after page . I know of no book that is more intriguing just to page through.Henry Kort -LRB- kort@ainet.com -RRB-
 Vastly illustrated and very informative . Although the majority of this book is pictures -LRB- very nice ones at that -RRB- , there are some very interesting facts and historical information about the victorian card craze . Because there are in excess of 100,000 different cards in existance , do n't expect to find every card in here or the current market price . It is just a matter of time before a more extensive guide is published , -LRB- I would still recommend because of the great illustrations ! -RRB- The only problem I have with this book is the layout which can be annoying if you are trying to find info on one of your cards . You have to search through several sections of the book . -LRB- e.g. Jackson 's chewing tobbaco card in the `` Exploration and Travel '' chapter instead of the `` Tobbaco '' chapter -RRB- . More expensive cards are usually only discussed in the chapter rather than illustrated , which I find kind of strange -LRB- Maybe he did n't own any of those to get the photo ? -RRB- .
 The beautiful 224 page , 81/2 x 11 '' softbound book contains more than 500 full color , sharp , large photos . '98 values . There are 70 topics ranging from angels , baseball , dolls , expositions to Uncle Sam , women , wringers and washing . There 's plenty of background information on each topic . A useful glossary of terms is provided . A must for tradecard collectors . Fascinating to read and refer to .
 This is a great book . It 's a definitive reference on the somewhat obscure subject of Victorian Trade Cards , but for those of us who love them , it 's a feast . It is crammed with illustrations , broken into categories , and contains history and collecting tips . The pricing information is somewhat out of date , due to the impact that online auctions have had on these collectables -LRB- some are more expensive , some less , as auctions make them more available . -RRB- If you 're at all a fan of this genre , do n't hesitate to buy this book !
 A wonderfully written book on the topic of Victorian trade cards . Information is given on the history of the cards as well as many examples . I highly recommend this book to those who are interested in collecting or just want to know more about Victorian cards .
 Freyre 's Masters and Slaves forms what is considered by many to be a trilogy of books published in the 1930 's that revolutionized Brazilian Studies . The other are two books , -LSB- by other authors -RSB- ... Freyre , the most popular and readable of the three , was a Pernambucano -LRB- from the sugar cane regions around Recife -RRB- and often blurs the distinction between Brazil as a whole and sugar-cane regions of Brazil . His methodology reflects his education , a US oriented 1930 's anthropological perspective -LRB- he was a student of Franz Boas -RRB- . This book in particular treats a very specific historical event
 Gilberto Freyre is now considered one of the grestest thinkers of Brazil , alongside S&eacute;rgio Buarque de Hollanda . As mrs. Laidman recognized , we ca n't look for his work as if it 's been written yesterday
 When Gilberto Freyre first launched this essay , 1933 , it revolutioned the way brazilians thought about themselves . Until then , we understood us as a `` white nation '' , with some black people who , eventually , would disappear . Black people 's only importance were as slaves , planting sugar cane or coffee . Freyre brings to History black people 's contributions
 Freyre did extensive research for `` The Masters and the Slaves , A Study in the Development of Brazilian Civilization '' , an informative and stimulating social history of Brazil . However , not all of what is written should be taken at face value.The book was written more than 50 years ago and Freyre , like any other historian or ethnologist , unavoidably comes to the table with cultural and personal biases transparent to himself.Freyre makes a number of presumptions , sometimes contradictory , sometimes a bit absurd from today 's perspective , about the sexual attributes , habits and dispositions of the Amerindians , peoples of African descent and the Portuguese . Portuguese men are categorized as oversexed -LRB- over and over again -RRB- , Amerindian women as ever willing sexual partners while the Africans are determined to be less sexual because they use music and dancing to stimulate their sexual urges -LRB- ! -RRB- . Then , just to confuse the reader , Freyre talks about Africans escaping to the Brazilian bush and ` raping ' the -LRB- ever willing ? -RRB- Amerindian woman . Did these alleged rapists bring their drummers with them ? All three groups can step forward and take offense at Freyre 's presumptions.In the year 2000 we would interpret Freyre 's presumptions as racist , but we have the benefit of hindsight and he did n't . In his time he would have been considered forward looking and anything but a racist . The reader needs to take note of the author 's presumptions , biases and preoccupations and then continue reading . All things considered , this is a remarkable and valuable piece of scholarship .
 This is the Second English-Language Edition , revised and with an extended new Preface , of Gilberto Freyre 's masterwork , Casa-Grande & Senzala.With astonishing erudition , a commanding sense of style , and a gift for gripping narrative , Senhor Freyre has applied all the modern techniques of social study to the remarkably successful melting-pot culture of `` medieval '' Brazil . He deals with race , climate , agronomy , sexual habits , architecture , the arts , religion , sorcery , literature , history , food , economics , politics , and the thousand other forces that made the Brazil of today what it is . In doing so , he throws blinding light into the color problem , the meanings of `` civiliation '' and `` culture , '' the political and economic situation in Latin America , the significance of ethnolocical and anthropological judgments , etc. . From beginning to end The Masters and the Slaves -LRB- the Portuguese title literally means Big House and Slave Quarters -RRB- is absorbing , colorful , and dense with material . It has the qualities of great literature , not least in that it suggests far more than it states , sends readers ' minds on treks and side-trips of their own . -- excerpt from book 's dustjacket
 It ws very easy to buy and the book arrived in my house in perfect conditions . Everything was fine on it .
 Se voc quiser saber o que &eacute; o Brasil , mesmo hoje , voc tem de ler esse livro para entender-nos !!
 oooooooooooookkkkk
 I do n't understand it ... There are thousands of books out there , all sorts of garbage that you can find at any run-of-the-mill bookstore , and when there is a provocative and profound study of the ailments of society , and HOW they can be CORRECTED ... it can not be heard - for it is OUT OF PRINT . And most people only care about the Fabio-cover pages and unimaginative fiction . As JKG puts it '' -LSB- life in society -RSB- can also be pleasant - a womb in which the individual rests without the pain of mental activity or decision . `` JKG wrote this in the Affluent Society
 This was part of a trilogy that began with * The Affluent Society * -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , and continued with * The New Industrial State * -LRB- 1967 -RRB- . However , as Galbraith readily concedes , he learned a great deal in the intervals between writing these books . In 1958 , Galbraith 's political career was on an upward trajectory ; by 1967 he had ruptured with Pres. Johnson over the Vietnam War , and in 1974 he had become reconciled to life in the political and academic wilderness.For strangers to Galbraith 's views , it is necessary to understand that he was first and foremost a student of what was , rather than idealized systems . Hence , many of his critics , faced with a dualistic world view , will accuse him of favoring a command economy , on the grounds that he was critical of the pretensions of capitalist economies . I hope readers will immediately see the error of this way of thinking
 In this excellent book , Galbraith examines the economics profession 's claim that the current economic system reflects the individual 's free choices . For example , the leading orthodox economist Paul Samuelson defines economics as `` How ... we choose to use scarce productive resources with alternative uses , to meet prescribed ends ... `` Galbraith comments , `` the imagery of choice ... means that this choosing - this decision to purchase this product , reject that - is what , when aggregated , controls the economic system . And if choice by the public is the source of power , the organisations that comprise the economic system can not have power . They are merely instruments in the ultimate service of that choice . '' So if the consumer has the power , she , not the firm , is to blame for the firm 's products or results -LRB- e.g. pollution -RRB- . In theory , the market uses power for the public good ; in fact , large corporations use this power for their own purposes.He sums up , `` economics ... also serves the controlling economic interest . '' Mainstream economics is a system of ideas that diverts all attacks into channels that are safely futileIn analysing the US economy , Galbraith oddly distinguishes what he calls the ` planning system ' from the market system . The ` planning system ' is composed of the thousand giant firms that run the show . The market system is composed of the roughly twelve millions of small businesses.What does the US economic system produce ? `` Unequal development , inequality , frivolous and erratic innovation , environmental assault , indifference to personality , power over the state , inflation , failure in inter-industry coordination are part of the system . '' He shows how mergers usually produce worse performance , higher rewards for executives and job losses for the workers . `` On no conclusion is this book more clear
 John Kenneth Galbraith -LRB- 1908-2006 -RRB- was a Canadian-American economist , who taught at Harvard University , served as U.S. Ambassador to India -LRB- 1961-1963 -RRB- , and wrote a number of bestselling books , such asAmerican Capitalism , The Affluent Society -LRB- A Mentor Book -RRB- , The New Industrial State -LRB- James Madison Library in American Politics -RRB- , The Great Crash 1929 , The Age of Uncertainty -LRB- which was a TV series on the BBC -RRB- , etc.He wrote in the Foreword to this 1973 book , `` This book is in descent , the last in the line , from two earlier volumes -- ` The Affluent Society ' and ` The New Industrial State . ' There are also some genes , though not many , from ... ` American Capitalism . ' ... The earlier volumes were centrally concerned with the world of the great corporations ... There is also the world of the farmer , repairman , retailer , small manufacturer ... This book seeks to bring them fully into the scene ... This -LRB- book also -RRB- gives the first elements of the international scene . `` He begins with the observation that not only does General Motors exist to serve the public , but `` General Motors also serves itself . '' -LRB- Pg . 3 -RRB- He asserts that no innovation of importance originates with the individual farmer . `` Were it not for the government and farm equipment and chemical firms , agriculture would be technologically stagnant . '' -LRB- Pg . 48 -RRB- He notes that the market system is subordinate to the planning system , which supplies power , fuel , machinery , transportation , communications , etc. . He then contrasts the `` relatively secure and favorable income for participants in the planning system '' versus a `` less secure and less favorable return for those in the market system . '' -LRB- Pg . 50 -RRB- He suggests that the growth in acquisitions of one firm by another is motivated less by monetary rewards , than by the `` prestige '' of `` not a greater rate of return but a greater size . '' -LRB- Pg . 101 -RRB- The technostructure thus favors a policy that keeps prices under control , and then serves its affirmative interest in the growth of the firm . -LRB- Pg . 115 -RRB- Galbraith invents the term `` Bureaucratic Symbiosis '' for the tendency of public and private organizations to `` find and pursue a common purpose . '' -LRB- Pg . 139 -RRB- He asserts that the small businessman and farmer are `` extremely vulnerable to adversity emanating from the planning system . '' -LRB- Pg . 177 -RRB- He concludes that `` the economy must be managed '' ; but not one economy , but two
 I collect old hymnals and lived in Mennonite country for a few years . 606 is the Mennonite Doxology . It 's an awesome arrangement that is sung so beautifully a capella by the Mennonites . So glad to have my own copy of this !
 I was replacing my old cook book & I thought this was the same one but it is n't but it is a nice cook book .
 I first found this book in 1992 ... and it changed my life . I am not kidding . Because of this book , Iwent on to studying serial killers , profiling and forensics ... I was a paralegal major before that . The Evidence Never Lies is one of those treasures that should not be lost ... never mind out of print !! I searched for it to see if there were a newer edition ; I can not believe it is out of print . Please Mr. MacDonell , write another like it . It is truly great
 After spending literally thousands of hours reading true crime books , I can say that this is the real thing . I was absolutely thrilled to see that it is available because I am going to make it required reading for the students in my Criminal Investigation classes ! They may grumble at first about having another book to read , but when they start on `` The Evidence Never Lies '' , they 'll not want to put it down !
 As the spouse of an award-winning crime reporter , we found `` The Evidence Never Lies '' to be a compelling , thought-provoking analysis of the incredible career of Herbert MacDonell . For those whose careers focus on crime , crime buffs , and seekers of great reading , this is a must-buy .
 I had to use this book for a forensic science class that I took . This usually means the book will be boring . However , it is very interesting . The cases and all of the facts are set out in detail , and it makes you think . Thinking this way is good practice for anyone interested in criminal justice .
 I knew Herb before he investigated the cases discussed in his book , while we were working at Corning Glass . I was unaware of his investigations until after he left Corning and became a professor of criminology at Corning Community College . In the 80 's I took his night school class `` An Evening Wasted with Herb MacDonnell '' where , among others , he discussed the cases in this well-written book . If you have not read this book yet , I highly recommend it . A previous review says it 's a book you will not want to put down . I completely agree .
 Jeff did a beautiful job explaining every detail above and beyond this trial . I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book which he wrote from The Heart . I admired him during the trial but After reading his story which brought tears to my eyes , I not only admire him . . I applaud him and wish him the Best that Life can offer . Bless Jeff Ashton!I followed this trial from day one and did n't miss a day or a beat . Jeff writes much about what the public did not see , feel or hear . . You wo n't regret this purchase .
 This is a comprehensive history of the development of Cape Coral , Florida , as well as the company that developed it , Gulf American Corporation . Highly recommended for anyone interested in Cape Coral 's early years -LRB- 1950s thru 1970s -RRB- .
 This book saved my grade in Constitutional Law . A week before the final I was so confused and lost in the material and I was freaking out ! I bought this book as a last hope at saving my grade , and not only did it save my grade , I got one of the best grades in the class !! This is the BEST supplement I have seen yet that explains and ties everything together . I would recommend it a thousand times over to all law students who need a little -LRB- or a lot -RRB- of help with Constitutional Law .
 I ca n't say enough about how important this book is for understanding the importance of social and family structures in the United States of yesterday and today . Wilson astutely points out the ways that social norms for behavior lowered crime rates in 19th century New York -LRB- despite what many might think -RRB- and even affect such small details as whether a car is left untouched in a crime zone -LRB- according to Wilson , studies show that many people will not touch a car until someone else vandalizes it first ; then it creates a free-for-all in which the car will be stripped , showing that `` group think '' is a dangerous trend if left unchecked -RRB- . On the other hand , group think can also be used for the good if moral voices in society can harness the tool of `` peer persuasion '' for the greater good -LRB- as was the case with the some of the more positive movements in U.S. history -RRB- . This book is a must for anyone who wants to understand the basic psychology of society as a organism , or who wants to evaluate ways to make a positive difference in our nation . Outstanding !
 I have read over 100 books , but none as fabulous as this one . I know , I know , it 's just a pony pals book ! But this book had real meaning . I do n't know why Angela or whoever is complaining about nothing bad ever happing to them , because that was exactly what happened in this book . The Pony Pals go away to a riding clinic . No one has ponies , the other girls are rude and the owner is snobby . Her daughter is secretive and always upset . Then the pony pals find out that Shelly -LRB- the lady 's daughter -RRB- once owned a pony , but everyone always pressured her to trade her pony for a horse and go to lots of shows . Then the pony died and no one was upset but her . Angry with everyone , she decides not to ride again . Can the pony pals help her and her mother ? Read the book and find out !! This book was very touching and helped me realize that ponies are just as good as horses , if not better .
 This book was a great book ! Where Pam , Anna , and Lulu go to a riding clinic in Virginia . They meet a girl who misses her pony . Can the Pony Pals help her ? Read this book and find out !
 Martin Booth 's prose is smooth , vivid , calming , and almost a mirror image of the island he describes in terms of knowledge and the impression of the story . The plot he weaves around a lone man -LRB- Patrick Galvin -RRB- who ventures into Hong Kong as a priest and emerges cleansed of his Christian beliefs and inducted into the customs of Hong Kong - yet this is not truly a book focused on religion , it does not point fingers at Christianity as being wrong or evil , simply a portrayal of one man who feels his god has `` left him in the lurch '' . This book will strike its most poignant chords with those who have lived/are living in Hong Kong , or those who have had some exposure to traditional Chinese culture and living . Martin Booth creates a character that , through flashbacks , teachings , and snaps of his current life in old age describes his transformation from a naive `` gweilo '' -LRB- a term roughly translated as '' -LSB- white -RSB- foreigner '' -RRB- to one that has managed to adapt to his new surroundings and his new life . The Iron Tree is glaringly honest and simple to its core , with characters contrasting before the vibrant Hong Kong background . Even the firmly faithful and loving Father Callaghan , a priest Patrick becomes firm friends with , remains rooted in the realism of his world ; for example '' -LSB- after having restrained Patrick from saving a drowning man -RSB- `` We 're here to save the living , my son , Father Callaghan said , ` not the dead . They 've already gone to their gods and are beyond our touch . We 're here for the abandoned , not the lost . ` There is a secret guilt in Patrick 's past that is not revealed until the logical ending of the book , where all loose ties in his past are tied neatly together as he finishes his story , and his straightforward voice is clear and unique , shining through every word of this expertly crafted prose.Overall , a powerful novel - I firmly recommend it , for it will leave your mind - if not your heart - in awe .
 `` Six Bridges - The Legacy of Othmar H. Ammann by Darl Rastorfer is a very well written book about a great 20th Century engineer and his engineering feats in long span suspension bridges . This is a must read for everyone for it reveals the trials and tribulations of a man who made history by using scientific principles to design world record breaking bridges.With his European education Ammann sought out a dream to come to America and seek opportunities in the new country . Within two weeks he started his first position . The early years of Othmar Ammann 's career are clearly outlined showing how he gained his knowledge with diligence in various career positions . His thoroughness and dedication to hard work is demonstrated by the trust , faith and confidence of the people who hired him . His reputation was building.I enjoyed the stories which tell of his character building during hard times also . After his plans for a bridge challenged his future with an employer , he was able to move on and demonstrate his convictions with successful accomplishments . Interesting political considerations are also profiled in the important decisions of costly construction and pressures from public opinion . Ammann 's skill to work with people results in many obstacles being overcome.When the trials and tribulations of office competition evoled , Ammann had the fortitude to break away and start anew . He was a man of visions and had dreams to fulfill . He was a man of principles and nothing could sway him . He was confident his engineering background and skills could lay a path of successful bridge design and construction.No other bridge engineer has influenced one city more than O.H. Ammann . The history of the planning stages of the designing and construction of these six bridges is well written and interesting for all readers . These six bridges
 During the first half of this century , American bridges became the largest and most beautiful structures ever built ; Othmar Ammann , a Swiss engineer who came to New York in 1904 , was the quiet genius who built six of the very best.George Washington , Bayonne , Triborough , Bronx-Whitestone , Throgs Neck and Verrazano-Narrows are his monuments ; like the skyscrapers , literally `` invented '' in New York , the builders of suspension bridges perfected their art in the US . It shows what can be accomplished with new wealth , pride and vision . One of the finest is the Verrazano-Narrows bridge ; the towers for the cables are as high as a seventy story building . To put this in perspective , that 's twice as high as the tallest `` skyscraper '' in Phoenix.Each tower was assembled with 10,000 steel cells , fastened with six million rivets and two million bolts . The Empire State Building has 365,000 tons of steel , the bridge has 1,265,000 tons . Like the Parthenon , where the pillars were sculpted to present the most pleasing appearance , the bridge towers are tapered from top to bottom . The two towers are plumb , but the curvature of the earth means the tops are one and five-eighth inches further apart than the base . Since metal expands in hot weather , the roadway at the center of the span rises or falls by 12 feet during a temperature change of 100 degrees.Bigger bridges will be built . Some will be more beautiful . But these six are the ones that set the standard . Everything from now will be an adaptation of them . It 's like the Golden Age of radio , or television , or movies , or the Internet ; experimentation and innovation is always greatest when technology is new.A suspension bridge is truly an artistic sculpture , because it is based on natural curve of a cord strung between two points . Look at a spider 's web , the curve of a bird 's wing , or wheat bending in the wind ; there is a contrast between nature and the massive stone blocks of earlier bridges . The book is admirably illustrated with more than 200 photos ; they show the artistry , and the incredible labor that went into the construction of each.In today 's society , when lowest cost seems to be the only consideration , some wisdom from Ammann in 1958 stands out , `` In fact , an engineer designing a bridge is justified in making a more expensive design for beauty 's sake . After all , many people will have to look at the bridge for the rest of their lives . Few of us appreciate eyesores , even if we should save a little money by building them . `` It shows good design is possible , and adds a great deal to a community . Like Will Bruder 's design of the new Phoenix library , skillfully described in the book `` Phoenix Central Library '' by Oscar Riera Ojeda , et al , this book is a must for anyone interested in better communities .
 This is the first to examine the works of Ammann , one of the finest modern bridge designers of modern times . This uses over 200 archival photos to present displays of his New York bridges , their construction , and the development of his ideas . The in-depth details on bridge designs of the times and Ammann 's place in the world of bridge designers makes for excellent coverage.Diane C. Donovan Reviewer
 I 'd like to take this opportunity to `` thank '' Othmar Ammann for creating the main object in my worst nightmare - The Verrazano-Narrows Bridge -LRB- the nightmare involves getting a flat tire while traveling the upper deck -RRB- . It 's good to face your fears and Darl Rastorfer 's fine book `` Six Bridges
 This book is as special to New Yorkers as it is to Engineering Enthusiasts . As New Yorker in Exile , I now live a life where if I traverse one major bridge a year , it 's an event . When I lived in New York City -LRB- Manhattan , Brooklyn , Queens and Stane Island at various times -RRB- , the crossing of these major Bridges was a daily event . Not a day went by when I did n't listen to the Traffic reports and have to quickly calculate my Commute strategy in order to choose the most efficient Span to cross . When going Upstate to visit the parents , I often crossed The Whitestone , Throgsneck or Tri-borough if traffic was too congested in Manhattan . Sometimes , I 'd cross the Verrazano , The Brooklyn and the George Washington . This book honours the creation of the modern bridges , their design , construction , completion and functionality as well as describing the political and economic climate in which they were conceived and completed . It answers many of the passing questions that came to my Driving Mind as I stalled in traffic at the Tolls of these Bridges and it brings back memories of my life in the City of Islands . As I mentioned in the title of this review , while kinda technical and history-laden , this is a love song to the Bridges of New York City . Buy it , read it and you 'll learn to be grateful for living in a time when these bridges ease travel and not curse them as I used to do occaisonally during Jams . Before reading this book , I never bothered to imagine New York before them and now I appreciate them all the much more .
 What an awesome book ! Author Hilary Hart offers intimate and really moving encounters with eight contemporary and mostly hidden mystics from different backgrounds , like Buddhism , and Sufism . It was amazing to read the ways so many different people can come to experience the divine.What sets this apart from so many spiritual books is it brings divinity down to earth wihtout losing the divinity!And finally , a spiritual writer who finds a way to be honest and real , herself . Not an ounce of pretension !!!
 Something subtle and insistent is happening in the world and Hilary Hart in her impressionistic interview style captures its essence . To comprehend the book requires the reader to still the analytical mind and tap into the realm of the intuitive . Approach follows theme . Spiritual guides and teachers from a variety of traditions illuminate the sometimes vague , dark , powerful , tantilizing , and mysterious force that promise the return of something precious that has long been supressed .
 This amazing book begins with the author exploring with seven women and one man what the feminine consciousness is , why it 's coming in now , what its role is and how it will help reshape our world . I ca n't tell if all eight of these people have reached enlightenment , but if not , they are well on their path , with each having their own spiritual journey and discipline . The book ends with those interviwed saying such similar things , concentrating on four areas
 I keep buying this book and giving it away . So readable , so resonant . Great cover art . Different pieces show up in my memory at interesting times . The Mystery is in this work .
 This book is extraordinary - so much beauty and I am eternally grateful for the chance to read it . I was initiated over and over again while reading the words from thesebeautiful wise women .
 I loved this book . Very thoughtful and relevant . Every chapter made me feel more connected , more inspired and more hopeful .
 I was given this book as a Christmas gift by a very good friend . She is American , I 'm a Scot and , at first , I wondered why she was sending me a book called Inheriting Scotland . Then it dawned on me , my friend was one of the authors of the series of interconnected stories which make up this book.On boxing day I sat down and read the book and I can say - and this from one who is steeped in Scottish folklore - that I enjoyed it immensely . All of the different authors jell together so well that the tale seems seamless . Of course I enjoyed Janet 's contribution , but also I thought that that ` The Inheritance ' episodes were very well done , and held the book together , and I also very much enjoyed ` The Corbie 's Nest ' and ` The Luck of the Sixpence ' . I thoroughly recommend this book to all readers with a love of Scotland , and a bit of mystery , intrigue and romance .
 El Se & ntilde ; or de las Moscas William Golding La isla desierta , el segundo comienzo de la humanidad , la juventud e inexperiencia de sus ocupantes , la relajaci&oacute;n de los controles morales y la gradual ca&iacute;da de sus habitantes en la inercia y la anarqu&iacute;a , estos son los elementos que encontramos en el se & ntilde ; or de las moscas . Me pregunto que seria de mi si estuviese en esa situaci&oacute;n , caer&iacute;a en la anarqu&iacute;a o tratar&iacute;a e imitar la decadente sociedad de la que vengo ? Aunque estoy de acuerdo con el autor en muchas cosas , no estoy de acuerdo con la premisa de que el mal es innato y que la supresi&oacute;n de los controles provoque caos . Quiz&aacute;s sea yo el menos indicado para se & ntilde ; alar esto y solo sea un simple so & ntilde ; ador , ya que en mis a & ntilde ; os de colegio fui un Piggy cualquiera , blanco de las burlas y las mofas de los m&aacute;s astutos aunque menos intelectuales que yo . Y despu&eacute;s en mi vida adulta como profesor he visto que el egocentrismo de los ni & ntilde ; os los lleva a veces a ser crueles con sus compa & ntilde ; eros . Pero aun me resisto a creer , deseo firmemente demostrar que ese proceso puede revertirse , aunque veo que por lo visto en los &uacute;ltimos tiempos la violencia infantil en las escuelas por parte de ni & ntilde ; os ha aumentado bastante . La novela sin embargo trata el punto de vista del autor que supo expresar sus pensamientos magistralmente , aunque debo decir que las descripciones de la selva me resultaron cansonas . Pero eso ya es culpa m&iacute;a , pues nunca he sido muy adepto a las descripciones de paisajes , siendo atra&iacute;do enormemente en cambio por los aspectos psicol&oacute;gicos de las obras ... . Descripci&oacute;n de la obra Esta obra de William Golding es una f&aacute;bula al estilo ingles -LRB- parece ser que a los ingleses les encanta escribir este tipo de f&aacute;bula moralista de mundos en decadencia . Solo tenemos que acordarnos de Un Mundo Feliz , 1984 , Hacienda de Animales y otras mas , todas sobre mundos o sociedades en su ocaso o dominados por seres autoritarios -RRB- en que un grupo de PRE-adolescentes y ni & ntilde ; os se ve atrapado en una isla desierta . Los personajes principales de la obra reflejan cada uno una condici&oacute;n distinta del ser humano . Ralph , el gobernante elegido por el grupo , tiene buenas intenciones , don de mando , y una inteligencia por encima de la mediocridad aunque no siempre tiene las mejores ideas . Se apoya inconscientemente en Piggy y solo al final se da cuenta de que era el &uacute;nico amigo verdadero y el &uacute;nico con visi&oacute;n suficiente para pensar casi como adulto . Piggy representa la inteligencia , no siempre escuchada cuando se mueven otros intereses , a veces solo cuando es demasiado tarde . Jack es el antagonista por excelencia , en busca de poder no escatima en esfuerzos por satisfacer sus ansias de ser un gobernante de la isla y dar rienda suelta a instintos que quiz&aacute;s en un mundo civilizado hubiesen permanecido acallados . Su odio visceral hacia Piggy desde un principio es el odio hacia el sentido com&uacute;n que le impedir&iacute;an dar rienda suelta a sus ambiciones y man&iacute;as . La historia puede prestarse a m&uacute;ltiples interpretaciones , pero creo que la mas clara de ellas es la sombr&iacute;a visi&oacute;n del autor hacia la humanidad en si y de c&oacute;mo el mal es algo innato que surge en el ser humano una vez se han relajado los controles que lo mantienen a raya ... Luis M&eacute;ndez
 Le&iacute; este libro muy joven , 15 a & ntilde ; os . A esa edad fue uno de los que m&aacute;s me impresion&oacute; de todo lo que hab&iacute;a le&iacute;do , y a esa edad hab&iacute;a le&iacute;do mucho
 Es uno de los mejores libros que se pueden recomendar para pasar un momento totalmente entretenido , y sobre todo para reflexionar acerca de nuestras propias carencias y limites .
 This gives a great overview of the historical figures we need to know about . Of course , further review will be needed if you wish to delve . This books does a great job of covering great people . A wonderful addition to my library as a to teach book for my kids .
 I decided to get my girls and the children in the family educational gifts and no more toys -- for now . The book was in excellent condition .
 Tim Gautreaux 's writing is simply amazingly good . His characters are sublimely human , and he has a knack for finding the good in all of them - even those who might be a bit unsavory . He places them in situations that are ordinary and unique at the same time - and in those situations he finds ways to reveal things to us that allow us to learn more about ourselves . The characters learn about themselves as well , and this is a treasure to observe . The stories here deal with joy and sorrow and all of the areas in between . The people here are struggling to come to grips with their own families , with their work , with the people around them - and with the world in which they live.In the title piece , a man attempts to assert more of a guiding influence on his grandchildren , and in the process winds up changing several aspects of his own life as well . His trials in striving to accomplish a task given him by his wife , while sitting with his grandchildren at the same time , is presented with some of the most genuine humor I 've read in a while - but it 's a gentle humor , and it never belittles the characters or the situation -LRB- and this finely-tuned humor is used to good effect in several of these stories , even the more ` serious ' ones . ` Misuse of light ' is a moving portrait of a man who works in a camera shop learning about the lives of his customers through the small areas where their lives intersect with his . When someone sells a camera to his shop and he finds a roll of film in it , he develops it in order to get a glimpse into other lives . Opening this door can , as he learns , have jarring effects - on him as well as on the lives he enters . When he uncovers information that causes pain to the young woman who has sold him the camera , rather than abandoning his ` study ' , he probes a bit further in order to get to a level in this past wherein she can find a bit of peace . It 's something that makes the character endearing - it 's a story to restore faith . Another story dealing with faith it ` Good for the soul ' , in which a parish priest with a bit of a drinking problem , attempting to do a good deed -LRB- against his better judgment -RRB- , runs afoul of both the law and his community . ` Easy pickings ' details a rather inept thief 's attempt to take advantage of a solitary elderly woman - rather than being a cakewalk , he finds that he 's definitely bitten off more than he can chew . There 's a great deal of the above-mentioned gentle humor in this tale - and Gautreaux delivers it with tender respect , never ridiculing his characters . ` The piano tuner ' is , like ` Misuse of light ' , a finely-crafted work in which one character sets out to help another cope with the world - and does so with no expectations of any sort of reward . It 's a good example of how those among us who are a little ` different ' can find their niche - and a gentle lesson in showing such folks more tolerance . ` Resistance ' is another case of one human helping another - in this instance , an elderly man , a widower , sees a need and fills it . The little girl who lives next door is very obviously the victim of an abusive , drunk father . When the neighbor learns that her parents are unable/unwilling to help her with her science project , he takes on the task himself - and the light he creates shines not only into her dark life , but also into his own . ` Sorry blood ' and ` Sunset in heaven ' both deal with aspects of growing old . In the former , an Alzheimer 's patient is victimized by one of the lowest low-lifes you 're liable to meet -LRB- and hope that you do n't -RRB- . In the latter , the plight of an old man similarly afflicted opens the eyes of a middle-aged man to the possibilities in his own life . ` Rodeo parole ' is a frightening , surreal look at a desperate attempt by prisoners to be viewed in a more favorable light by the parole board - by making themselves sitting targets for a bull enraged by repeated electric shocks from prison guards . Its few pages explode with action.My two favorites in this collection are ` Dancing with the one-armed gal ' and ` The Pine Oil Writers Conference ' . In the former , a man on the run from -LRB- or is it ` to ' -RRB- himself meets a woman hitchhiker as he travels west from Louisiana . They 're both looking for something - and neither is sure just what , although they think they know - and the ` answers ' they find are n't the ones they expect . It makes for a very interesting and revealing encounter - both for the characters and the reader . ` The Pine Oil Writers Conference ' is , for me , the gem of this book . Gautreaux has created the classic ` riddle wrapped in an enigma ' with this story - an aspiring writer -LRB- a minister -RRB- attends the conference , hoping to find out if writing fiction is ` the thing he does best ' . The short excerpt included in this story produced by the character for a conference workshop is so well written than it made me sorry there was n't more of it.I 've never read anything by Tim Gautreaux before - but you can bet I 'll be looking for his other short story collection -LRB- SAME PLACE , SAME THINGS -RRB- as well as his novel -LRB- THE NEXT STEP IN THE DANCE -RRB- . This little book was a great discovery .
 This collection of short stories is outstanding in its own right ; but the locations of the stories and the depiction of the characters set it apart . If you are interested in southern Louisiana , be it Cajun or piney woods , this is a book you must have !
 This collection of short stories is populated with surprisingly complex characters yet quirky characters . The stories are vividly set in rural blue collar cajun communities -LRB- with some New Orleans thrown in -RRB- . He avoids stereotypes , and instead gets you inside people 's heads in a wonderful and friendly way .
 Like Flannery O'Connor and Ellen Gilchrist , Tim Gautreaux crafts sly tales that build upon the landscape and characters of the Delta South in a manner that shows his love of the people and place , their hopes and dreams , foibles and flaws . The stories turn equally tragic and humorous with deft turns of Gautreaux 's pen.In Welding With Children , Gautreaux devotes a fair number of the stories to older people caught in a modern world not of their making , yet they manage to find ways to reach out to -LRB- in the case of the title story -RRB- their grandchildren , to neighbor youths , or even strangers . The old Cajun woman and her bour&eacute;e playing neighbors who end up outwitting a would-be robber/murderer is an especially delicious tale.However there are other stories -- such as the one about a camera salesman who develops old rolls of film in used cameras his shop buys in search of found art , or the one about a minister/would-be novelist at a writers ' conference -- that illuminate other corners of the soul.This , and Gautreaux 's previous work , should put Hammond , Louisiana , on the literary map .
 These are fabulous stories narrated in a clear , concise manner . The characters are typical Southern Gothic who help keep the Southern Literay Tradition alive . Gautreaux is a great storyteller who has both the gift of creating a vivid environment -LRB- Louisianna -RRB- , and the ability to make you relate to his characters .
 I love every story in this book . I did not want the story `` Welding with Children '' to end . I wish Gautreaux would make it a novel . My favorite story is `` Good For The Soul '' which is hilarious . You can not live in Southern Louisiana and not know Father Ledet . I pray Tim Gautreaux lives to be a very old man and writes for the rest of his days . I am buying every person I love this book for Christmas .
 This second collection of short stories from Tim Gautreaux is , perhaps , even better than the first . Of course , if you look inside the book and see who published the individual stories , it 's obvious that they must be good ; The New Yorker , Atlantic , and Esquire are not noted for publishing bad fiction.While these are fiction , the stories ring so true to life and the lives of the characters , that we can all see ourselves in someone in this collection . Most of Gautreaux 's stories have a touch of humor , but all show the depth of character that draws readers into the stories.Anyone who reads these stories and enjoys them , should also read his novels . You 'll find that same voice and an author you can trust , who will not betray your empathy for his characters .
 I just finished reading this book , and could start all over again . Gatreaux has a wonderful way of crafting a story with believable people . No matter where the reader is from , because of his character descriptions , it is easy to identify with these folks from Louisiana . Gatreaux 's short stories evoked all kinds of emotions , but there were many places where I simply laughed out loud . The best thing about this book , is the ability of the author to depict flawed characters living flawed lives , who nonetheless experience redemption in various ways . I will be looking for more books by this talented writer .
 If you get off the interstate and on to the old highways , you can see them . They 're the people who live between the suburbs of one great city and the suburbs of the next . Tim Gautreaux invites us to get out of our cars and into the grey-wood houses with a bentwood rocker on the front porch and an Oldsmobile engine hanging from the pecan tree in the side yard . He gives us a sad , funny , sympathetic and ultimately hopeful introduction to his friends . He shows us their fears , their friendships , their courage and their dreams . Take him up on his invitation . You wo n't regret it .
 These short stories are awesome and pure Louisiana
 A friend handed me a tattered copy yesterday . I finished this afternoon . It was superb . Rarely have a read a collection this compelling . Buy it , read it , and pass it on .
 I read this book upon the recommendation of a clerk at Books Along the Teche in New Iberia , LA. . J.L. Burke may be New Iberia 's favorite son , but Tim Gautreaux offers much more to the reader . His dialogue and characters ring authentic . Each story is one you are glad to read , and `` Easy Pickings '' is a story you will remember with a smile and a chuckle for the rest of your life .
 Finally someone describes Tomcat beyond the online docs . I have noticed that some argue that this does n't cover anything past the online docs , but I have never seen anything on Embedding Tomcat into Java application , SOAP integration , Log4J integration , or even Struts integration in the online docs.I also got a lot out of the server.xml appendix.I just do n't understand the `` just like the online doc comments . `` Great book .
 Overall Rating : Excellent ! Useful book for beginners and advanced users.Teaching Value : Excellent starting point to learn configuring and using Tomcat.Reference Value : Good reference book.It 's a well-written and well-organized book . It covers and touches most of the topics associates with tomcat like Integration with struts , Log4j , Apache Soap etc. . You do not have to be familiar with tomcat or apache web server to read this book . Starting chapters even show , in detail , how to set up tomcat server . Advanced users can skip through these chapters.The book is written for tomcat version 4.0 , so even the reader familiar with earlier versions of tomcat can expect to find something new . Explanations of new features of tomcat like Security Realms -LRB- Chapter 5 -RRB- , embedding tomcat -LRB- chapter 6 -RRB- and Persistent Sessions -LRB- chapter 7 -RRB- are very good.The book is very well organized and has lots of small examples and code snippets . So you can write and run what you are reading about -LRB- I always find this approach better -RRB- . I would highly recommend this book to all levels of programmers looking to use tomcat and even those already using tomcat .
 While this book does not dive into the details as some other reviewers have pointed out it does provide concise and easy to read chapters . I bought it specifically for the chapters on integrating with Apache and Struts . I found both chapters excellent not to detailed views of how each worked and what I needed to do to use it.This book will not hold your hand but is an excellent guide along the way .
 I bought this book with the expectation it would give me a `` brief '' explanation of key topics in Tomkat ; like setup , Apache integration , SOAP ntegration , and the basics server configuration via the server.xml file . It Does !! I was pleasantly surprised to get an overview on some advanced features like embedding Tomkat , persistent session configuration , Log4J and a 10,000 foot view of Struts .
 Imagine action films were 30 minutes long . There would be no time for sub-plots or romantic involvements or `` No ! You go on without me ... '' . All there would be is car chases and explosions . Godwill 's book is rather like that.I liked it.Forget the measured blend of theory , fact and example which is the style of O'Reilly 's authors . This book cuts to the chase , and it works.You see , Tomcat is a servlet runner . It is n't that interesting or even the best of breed -LRB- Jetty is way better -RRB- . Tomcat is as interesting as what you do with it , and Goodwill drags you along through a flash tour of all the goodies.Its a bit like a night tour of Naples on the back of an Italian cigarette smuggler 's Vespa . Somehow , at the end , despite not having understood much , you find you know your way around and feel comfortable exloring further on your own.Take it or leave it . That 's just the kind of book it is .
 Well it 's a book that covers all the tricks behind Tomcat , now the understanding of the application server is much much more clear than with the documentation .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- First of all , there is only one chapter dealing with Servlets and JSP 's , which is very helpful in describing deployment . Second , this is the first and only book dealing with Tomcat to date , so it probably wo n't contain every answer you are looking for . But compared to the documentation you get with Jakarta , this book is a volume of encyclopedias !
 I have read James ' other books , and enjoy how he writes . He does n't treat the reader as an idiot like some of the other technical authors . He writes to the experienced developer who wants some insight into different areas . I found this book to be very helpful in diving in much deeper to Tomcat than what is available via technical documentation . No , it wo n't answer all of your deployment questions , but it will point you in the right direction .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- this is by far the best book on Jakarta-Tomcat . I learned more in the few hours spent reading this book , then I did in the days -LRB- weeks ? -RRB- spent reading existing documentation and newsgroups . The book covers all of the newest features , and provides practical examples . All in all , a very useful resource .
 I picked this text up three days ago and I am very pleased with everything I have read . It really takes the angle of administering the Tomcat server with the developer in mind.Some of the areas that I found most useful included coverage of Servlet Filters and Tomcat Valves , a chapter on embedded Tomcat applications , and a great Appendix covering the server.xml file.I recommend this book for any developer , or administrator , looking for the fast track to using Tomcat .
 Finally a text that goes beyond the high school like documentation packaged with Tomcat . I found everything I needed . I especially found value in the Chapters on deploying other Jakarta technologies into the Tomcat container.Great text .
 A very good start for developers who want to know the basic of Tomcat 4.0 . The book not only explains Tomcat architecture well , it also has screen shots to support those examples . Very good writeout , much better than the other books . This book will definitely benefit the beginner to intermediate developers who want to know Tomcat in the shortest time .
 Just recently finished reading and studying the content of the book Apache Jakarta-Tomcat by James Goodwill . I have used Tomcat as a basic JSP engine for sometime now , but admittedly knew only the basics . Godwill in his book goes through how to setup the Tomcat server , as well as various different utilities and advanced configuration.As a result of reading this book , I now know how to use the Tomcat Manager , configure the tomcat security realms , and integrating Tomcat with Apache . In addition , was learned alot through the examples on struts and SOAP.All in all this book is great for someone looking to broaden their understanding of Tomcat .
 I like this book a whole lot , its great for starting out . It cuts out the fluff and gives real world shortcuts on how to configure Tomcat . I would say it is a must have first book on Tomcat .
 If you are wanting to learn more about how a lot of technologies work togethor , then this is a great book . Although the title may be misleading , the author touchs the surface on configuring the server . How Servlets , JSP , and integrating other open source projects work togethor . I really enjoyed the book , because it was short and to the point . It pointed you in the right direction to learn more . With very simple examples that get to the point , and do not drag on . I always get bogged down by those 1000 page books . About halfway through a chapter , I get bored and want to see something new . If you are the same way , this book is for you !
 I really got a lot out of this book . It covers many of the more useful Tomcat subjects . There is a focus on the use of Tomcat as it relates to the developer , but that is what I am so it was perfect for me.One of the more useful chapters was the chapter covering Tomcat and the Apache SOAP project.Great Book James .
 A fascinating read told in the first person following a brave private through every front in WW1 . It is humbling to see how brave and strong these men were . It puts perspective onto any bad day I may have thought I have had.I really enjoyed the tales of fun and mischief that keep a human touch to what was an utterly unbearable war . Ca n't recommend it more.Enjoy
 I love to read firsthand accounts of people in history as they experienced going through famous or momentous events in history . This was a great book as it puts you right there in the Great War -LRB- WW1 -RRB- . It gives you a feeling of what it was like to experience the times . I would encourage anybody who loves history , especially the Great War to read this book . The footnotes right behind each chapter are very enlightening . You just look the number up in the diary entry at the back of each chapter and it gives added details . A great read !
 By the end of page 2 of Matt Ash 's ISLANDS , the protagonist finds himself abandoned by his wife for a baby-faced tennis pro and fired from his position as History Professor for suggesting publicly that Fr . President should keep his cassock zipped . By the end of the short first chapter , we suspect that Matt is virtually friendless , cut off from as past he 'd rather not remember and scrambling to survive by any means possible.This is the first challenge that the reader has to face in this daring and disorienting novel
 I bought this book for my dad , who is a true wine lover . He still enjoys this beautiful book , and logs in his visits to different wineries , wine tasting parties , and his favorite wines .
 I love this book but fail to find the right words to describe it . As Simic writes in metaphors I am making a clumpsy attempt to compare this collection to a cup of tea -- subtle aroma with awakening strength ; simplicity in forms with depth in meanings . Sympathetic , elusive , hopeful , hopeless , provocative , and more . The writer left ample room for a reader 's own perspective . The poems cover a broad range of subjects and the collection is stimulating from beginning to end . Here is just one example
 I very much enjoyed Charles Simic 's Night Picnic . I have yet to discover a volume of his poems , or essays for that matter , to which I would give less than 4 stars . Although I have given this volume 5 stars , if I could I would have given it 4 stars . This is NOT a minor work , to be sure ; however it is not , in my opinion one of Simic 's best works . Still , I do highly recommend Night Picnic - the poetry is delightfully engaging and the hardbound volume itself is of a quality rarely found these days.I do hope you will pick up this volume , but afterward may I suggest you go further and invest in Simic 's absolutely mesmerizing volumes
 IMO this is one of the finest Western novels ever written . Not only is it a gripping story , but it 's a subtle philosophical novel as well.The setting is Montana at the transition from open to closed range . The protagonist is a progressive rancher who is attempting to save his cattle from a drought by careful fencing while following the letter of the law regarding open range . He is actively opposed by the other ranchers who see him as a threat . One in particular , an Englishman and his siblings here to prove themselves to their father in England.The rancher is middle aged with a heart condition . He has raised a white girl from infanthood after `` buying '' her from an Indian tribe . -LRB- Her parents had been killed in an Indian raid . -RRB- He is trying to protect his project through a female attorney in Bozeman . -LRB- She had support from the ranchers in establishing herself . -RRB- The plot is two pronged
 Though Jerome Doolittle can scorch the souls of Republicans , dishonest businessmen , dopey politicians and a lot of other of folks , he saves his greatest venom for hypocrites.In Head Lock , he finds a good one , a preacher , outspoken opponent of abortion , senatorial wannabe and sexual miscreant.I 've been reading several of the Doolittle series featuring the somewhat odd private investigator Tom Bethany in the last few months , and , unfortunately , have read them a little out of order . This is not a fatal mistake ; I 've just found myself a little confused by the lives of some of Bethany 's friends as they leave one career -- say , operating a massage parlor , for another , running a religious theme park . That 's also not the fault of the author or his sharp writing . Doolittle is a must read for anyone appalled by what passes for political and moral leadership in this day and age . Be prepared for some of Doolittle 's zingers , hurled at many people in all of his Bethany books , but thrown with a little extra sting at phony moralizing . Suffice it to say that , in this book , Bethany puts away the bad guy in fine fashion , though not until after he 's done irreparable harm to a teenager he does n't even know . I recommend Doolittle without qualms ; someone has to take on the phonies of the world and not be real nice about it in the process .
 Once again , Jerome Doolittle is unafraid to take on issues that are controversial . Via Tom Bethany , the non working workaholic , he inserts some thought provoking insights into the heated debate of abortion . Perhaps the most frightening part is the antagonistic characters may be ousted from Jerome 's book and placed into the world and we would be able to identify them . Jerome knows how to weave a story and fill it with humor , comraderie , and perhaps even a touch of wishful thinking .
 My son starting displaying tics , so I went to the library insearch of information . This book looked good , so I took ithome and read it . I found it very readable and informative.I believe the author is not a medical expert , which normallywould make me skeptical of the information , but in this casethe book seems very well researched and reasonable . I like it.The text includes frequent quotes from people with TS , theirparents , and others , which I found helpful and reassuring.I have n't read enough TS books to really say how thisone compares to others , but I do n't think anyone who buysthis book will be disappointed.FYI , after reading this book , I was convinced my son didin fact have Tourettes , so I took him to a neurologist , andit was confirmed . I felt the book had prepared me well foreverything the neurologist told me .
 Pinkerton Agent , Gabriel Caine was hired to find a murderer named Ivo Hardwick and return him to stand trial . He ran into a strange group of fortune tellers along the way . He thought little of it until he stopped one of them , Sophie Madrigal , from killing the very man he was sent to locate ! t seemed that Sophie had her heart set on revenge and was determined to relocate and kill Hardwick before Gabriel could drag the villain back to what < > he considered `` Justice '' ! It dawned on Gabriel that Sophie , Aunt Juniper , and Dmitri had connections and he would quickly locate Hardwick if he stayed close . By doing so , he found out that the group were not a bunch of tricksters , as Sophie wanted him to believe . Sophie and Juniper were real!Sophie wanted only to get rid of Gabriel ! No matter how rude she was he refused to leave her alone ! Her visions , that seldom happened , increased in his presence . So did her talent . It seemed that Gabriel was a perfect media for her , though she loathed to admit it . And no matter how much she began to like him , she dare not tell him . His fate , according to her talent , was to die during this mission ! ***** Awesome story ! This is one the reader will be reluctant to put down for any length of time ! I sure could not ! A major recommended read from an author who has proven her talent many times over ! *****
 In the nineteenth century out west , Sophie Madrigal makes a living by telling fortunes , but her real motive is to bring Ivo Hardwick to frontier justice administered by herself for the murder of her son . Pinkerton undercover agent Gabriel Caine also seeks Ivo , but being a quasi-member of the law he must bring the killer in alive.When Sophie and Gabriel meet on a train , the attraction overwhelms everything else . However , they have nothing in common but the need to find Ivo links the twosome . Still , Sophie 's Aunt Juniper decides that it is in the cards for Gabriel and her niece to share a lifetime of love . Using every trick she knows as a spiritualist , Juniper plays matchmaker between two stubborn individuals who fate has deemed belong together.GABRIEL 'S FATE is a refreshing western romance because of the inclusion of the occult in the thrilling story line . The plot is action packed , and the strong cast makes this is a fascinating reading experience . The lead couple disagrees on everything , making them an engaging duet , but it is the support ensemble of eccentrics that allow Gabriel and Sophie to shine as they amusingly enable fate to take its `` natural course '' of action . Emma Craig provides the audience with an appealing amusing novel worth reading by sub-genre fans.Harriet Klausner
 Gabriel Caine was born in a family of revivalists , which he considered in the same light that Emma Craig considers clairvoyants . A strange bond to share , indeed , this disbelief in the gifts and beliefs of one 's family . But Emma 's prickly and non-trusting nature does n't allow for men to enter her life , and Gabriel willingly accepts whatever bond he can find . Too bad the only other bond they share is a desire to locate murderer Ivo Hardwick.With his roguish , dark looks , Gabriel 's accustomed to women simpering and smirking over him . But Gabriel prefers a challenge , and Emma meets that challenge perfectly . Beneath that haughty exterior , he believes she has character and heart , which he intends to reveal . He also intends to uncover Emma 's carefully guarded secret . He knows she intends to kill Hardwick , but he does n't know why . Further , his under cover assignment to the Pinkerton Agency requires that he bring Hardwick back alive.Emma Craig creates a fascinating and daring blend of spiritualism and the occult in GABRIEL 'S FATE . By treating psychic gifts as blessings from God , the spiritual battles of these wounded and disbelieving characters lends strong motivation to the tale . The secondary characters , including a tarot card reading aunt , a Russian midget , and a Chinese pub keep the reader entertained with their antics and audaciousness . In addition , Craig 's heroine breaks romantic standards with her concern for extra pounds on a figure the hero considers lush . Consequently , with powerful conflict and strong motivation , GABRIEL 'S FATE comes very highly recommended .
 This is just a great book by a truly sweet man ! He has lots of stories to share about growing up in the 1930s and '40s in Small Town America which unfortunately no longer exists . Hammondsport New York was not the only small town back then , but one of many . I wish my children could have had the experiences Charles Champlin did -- I wish I could have had them ! The good old days really were better and obviously simpler and more innocent.I bought this book used from a Seller at Amazon MarketPlace in 2012 , but it was published in 1989 . There are no reviews for this book ! Why not ? It is fun to read , it is about real people , it is a part of the history of America . I am constantly looking for books such as this and when I find one I read it slowly , savoring the photos , the dreams and the corny jokes . It makes me very sad for what this nation has become .
 I have used this organizer for the last 4 years . I recommend it to any one who is interested in keeping track of finances , investments and goals . It deals with all aspects of personal finance including what your family should do in the event of your death . Perfect for anyone , young with no money and millionaires with dirty accountants .
 Having never used the first edition of this series , I picked up New Interchange Level 1 so that I could have a structured series to help my students learn general basic English skills . I have been pleased , and find that overall it is a good series to teach from . THE GOOD
 I use `` New Interchange Intro '' to teach my ESL students conversational skills with a considerable amount of success . Each unit contains a `` snapshot '' that introduces the topic , conversation , grammar focus , fluency exercise , pronunciation , listening , and `` word power '' which helps to develope students vocabulary through a variety of tasks . The `` New Interchange Intro '' is comprised of sixteen units and each unit can be broken down into 2-3 one hour classes depending on the level of your students . The `` Teachers Book '' is an invaluable addition for successful lesson planning and delivery . It is also neccessary to purchase the tapes since some of the exercises can not be completed without them .
 I love the Cambridge Interchange series . This is a perfect book to use if you are tutoring ESL - especially if you have never tutored before . The teacher 's text shows what the student sees while on the opposite page explains how you can use that page - explanation of grammar , pronunciation and it has activity suggestions .
 Great deal on this book . I will be back to purchase more books . Thank you so very , very much ! Peace and love !
 I ordered this book last week , and I was very surprized when I received the book today in the mail . Great job Books4esl !
 Great book . Students are enjoying it . It was in pristine condition and arrived in a timely manner .
 By far the best surveying text available . It covers both basic concepts and more in-depth topics with equal clarity . This text is a must for surveying students , and practicing surveyors alike .
 This book is simply excellent . It covers surveying subjects thoroughly and with great technical depth . It taught me to calculate state plane coordinate conversions by hand so that I understand what happens in a computer.This is the type of text that will elevate the PLS profession .
 Good book and reference.Lots of examples and exercises with lilustrations and up to date theory . A great buy for the surveying student .
 Book got here fast and was new even though listed as used . Terrible boring book but its a textbook . when this semester is over if someone wants this for around 40 $ contact me and its yours
 Highly recommended for day-care centers and early-learning centers for story-time . Very helpful to all children especially bi-racial and foreign nationals . Also a great start for the younger children -- they understand everything !!! Dr. Henderson ... `` you go , girl ''
 `` Well , honey , you are black . '' Richard looks down at his hands and arms and says matter-of-factly , `` No I 'm not . I 'm brown . `` The social construct of race is a concept ambiguous to many adults , and can be incomprehensible to young children , particularly those of color . Able to accurately identify the Crayola colors in their environment , African American youth are often bewildered when their own chestnut/walnut/pecan / ebony/beige/mahogany / red skin tones are universally referred to as `` black '' . And in a society that typically assigns negative connotations to the word `` black '' , racial identity becomes even more problematic.Call me Black Call me Beautiful addresses the question of racial identity through Richard , a young African American boy . As the story begins , Richard is portrayed as a happy child with a multiethnic array of peers , both on the soccer field and in the classroom . When Richard 's demeanor turns sullen , his concerned mother prods her son for an explanation . It is then that Richard reveals that a white friend , Max , has called him `` black '' , a label perplexing to Richard as he stares at his hands and arms , which are clearly brown to him.In simple yet poignant terms , Richard 's mother first affirms her son 's observations
 I can attest -LRB- both professionally and personally -RRB- to the many obstacles parents of color face in raising healthy children . The reallity is that there are specific challenges parents of color face in nurturing and guiding our children on a path to success that mainstream children 's books simply do not address . Call Me Black Call Me Beautiful makes a vital contribution to children 's literature and is an effort that is long overdue .
 My 2 year old daughter calls this book
 Difficult book . A dancing synthesis of the coastal African meets the western Academy -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- . Johnson is able to awaken a wider audience with his word manipulation , while remaining loyal to the African experience . The Alchemist & a most magical company is one of his poems that come highly recommended .
 In her revealing book The Me I Knew I Could Be , Crystal Phillips shares her extraordinary journey of how she first began to gain weight as a young woman , to the period in her life where she binged her way to some 292 pounds , to the things she did to get down to a size 6 . This book is more than about dieting tips ; Crystal gets very transparent when she admits her passion for food and how she had to discover the root of her problems that made her want to binge . Through entries from a journal that she maintained , Crystal discusses her former marriage and how she knew they should n't have wed ; she discloses the hurt she felt when her brother died from an incurable disease ; and she tells the challenges she endured when she wanted to make a lifestyle change ; how she learned to love herself for who she was.Inspiring , humorous , shocking and at times sad , The Me I Knew I Could Be will read like a novel with its conversational tone . It will answer inspire you to believe you can achieve anything -LRB- not just losing weight -RRB- . The book is positive , sparkles with hope , and will empower you to find and live your life 's purpose .
 This book changed my life . Years before even hearing about this book I met the woman of my dreams . The issue was not finding the woman of my dreams , but having the chance to date her . This woman went away faster than she arrived and I never dated her.Ironically , I first heard of this book while reading a Men 's Health magazine . Like many men out there , I thought improving my physique would be the answer to attracting and dating beautiful women . Deep down i knew something was missing though . Despite creating a great physique for myself , women did not approach me and i certainly did not risk approaching them . Also , I saw some of the scrawniest men dating beautiful women!I decided to stop spinning my wheels and buy the book finally . It taught me that physique was only a small piece of the pie . A great physique is only a symptom of self improvement , a principle that this book places great emphasis on . In fact , I 've learned that attracting beautiful women is a symptom of being your best self.I am now dating the woman of my dreams I mentioned before and have been for 9 months . This book not only teaches men how to grow some stones and approach women with amazing confidence , it teaches men how to continuously improve themselves , sustain a loving relationship and just have fun with it.Thanks for all the priceless knowledge and encouragement to take action , Corey Wayne ! Thank you for teaching me that it is my birthright to be truly in love with the woman of my dreams .
 I found an advertisement of this book in one of my fitness magazines and I was intrigued . I read every word of it in the magazine and I just knew I had to get it . Like Corey Wayne -LRB- the author -RRB- , I felt frustrated and helpless in my dating life as well . I was a 21 year old student who had n't had a girlfriend since I was 16 ! I knew a lot of girls , but none of them wanted anything but a friendship from me . The only girls I could seem to get were girls I had no interest in . I had practically given up all hope when this epiphany came ! Over time I developed the confidence to talk to women , relate to them , and pass their tests ! I soon had beautiful women calling me and texting me left and right . I also found the power within myself to become more masculine and now women are more attracted to me than ever ! I recommend this book to anyone who wants to improve their dating life !
 I got this book recentlty , and It has been lightbulbs flashing every since . All of the advise in this book makes since ... and looking back , I can see everywhere I have been going wrong.The `` 3 % Man '' in the title means that only 3 % of men truly know women . The basic theme of the book is teaching how women are attracted to masuline men , who are centered , not waivering , not appeasing and willing to walk away . The old saying `` distance makes the heart grow fonder '' ... is true , when used correctly . This book spells it out , and once you read it , you can not refute it . It will be lightbulbs in your head to!This book has already changed my life with my confidence I have now because now I know all about a womans tests , and I know exactly what to say . I did disagree with some of the things that the author says to women ... but I realize how I can replace his personality with mine , and get the same results . See , it is not a bunch of lines to memorize ... it is simply understanding a females mind and tactics ... and KNOWING what to do in every situation.This book is not so raunchy like some other dating books . Plus ... I am a Christian , and I realize that everybody has there own levels of morality in dating . So using common since , you can use these techniques ... and still maintain exacly your comfortable level of morality that is best for you . For example , the author seems to be pretty casual about divorce , and for me ... divorce is not even an option.As they say ... knowledge is power . This is the real deal . You can check out samples of the book at
 Being a student , and advocate of `` the Dating Game/seduction/pick up community '' , let me say thatwhile initially i saw some overlap of some of the material taughtby David D. and others , Corey has done his homework , and isdelivering a good value to men . I learned some new ways to communicatewith women by reading this book . I think to get everything outof it , you will have to reread it a couple of times , but if you ` rea guy who has no game , even though the price is a bit steep , -LRB- in reality it 's essentially an ebook in print -RRB- -LRB- i.e. average price of a dating ebook is $ 39.99 -RRB- it is spot on , and you will get your money 's worth !
 It is one of the best informative books I have read and will help help any guy with is relationships . The book teaches everything needed to get or keep the woman of your dreams and to keep the fun in your relationship and life .
 Coach Corey Wayne presents a great deal of valuable information ! He tells it like it is & all you have to do is apply this information while interacting with females . No matter how poor or well your social skills or `` understanding '' of the opposite sex is , there is something everyone can learn from . Great writer , well written & you ca n't not afford to own it for yourself . Buy this book ! I did
 I 've struggled for years to understand how attraction works and to attract a woman I can love . Though I just finished this book , my newfound confidence in interacting with women will make finding that woman much easier . I was at a friend 's house last night and was listening to a couple of girls relationship problems and I could pick out where the problems arose and seen their thought process play out exactly like Corey says it does in the book . That 's when it hit me that this book is for real . Thank you Corey , you changed my life .
 This book echoes much of the other advanced materials out there , but puts it into a straight forward logical way for men to understand . The greatest thing I learned from this book is how to stand up for yourself as a man in relation to a woman . There are not many tools in our arsenal as men to put women in their place , but it must be done . My experience showed me that there was really only one way to put women in their place , and its the one thing all us men are too scared to do if we love our significant other . And that is to give them no mind , go on with your life , continue to have fun with other people until she decides to chase you -LRB- if ever -RRB- . If she does n't chase you , then she has a low interest level in you and you should move on . Do n't take it all so seriously , let her reciprocate if she wants to.The reason why we all make so much mistakes with women is because we think we are supposed to game her into loving us . Rather we are supposed to give her the opportunity to game us . We are the prize not them . Women are a burden and they want to show us why they deserve us to take care of them and bang them hard and only them .
 I read this book online in one sitting - it was more than 200 pages but I read quickly . I ca n't thank Corey enough for writing this book . He makes it abundantly clear how showing too much enthusiasm too soon can give off the wrong impression with a woman , and often , this impression can be fatal in a new relationship . Corey gives excellent advice on not calling too soon , talking for too long , calling too often , and even weekday dates until the woman has proven sufficient value for weekend dates . I think he 's a genius . This looks like playing games , but going after what you want -LRB- a great woman -RRB- does require a plan , and there are customs and rituals that need to be observed . Excessive interest and availability turns a woman off - it does not help to surround your love interest with attention - if you do that to a cat , it will run away . If you let the cat visit when it likes , it will surely come back . This really was a fantastic book . I 'm done chasing after women . We all need to remember our own value and dignity , and what WE , as men , bring to the table . Corey , I wish I had read this book many years ago - I would have done things differently . My advice ? READ THE BOOK . If you do n't throw yourself at a woman , but simply let her know of your interest -LRB- once or maybe twice -RRB- , she will respond and pursue you , IF she is interested . A woman knows how to let you know . Therefore , there is no need to pursue madly the object of your affections - this backfires , every time . Instead , step back , be patient , invest very little at the start , and see if it is reciprocated . Corey , thanks again for this amazing book . Your website is also awesome , as are the regular tips you give and even the email dialogues you post there . You 're really helping us !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Are you a single or married guy , trying to figure out how to deal with your girlfriends ' / wives ' mood swings ? Then I have a book for you , its called `` How To Be A 3 % Man , Winning The Heart Of The Woman Of Your Dreams '' It 's the best book Ive ever read , dealing in relationships , from the masculine point of view . The first time you view this book , read it and highlight it when necessary . The second time you read it , have your computer on and create rules for yourself when dealing with women , in a romantic capacity . I know why , several of my most important relationship failed ; the only difference is , now I have the rules to make the relationship last and to increase the level of attraction between us !
 Meeting women and retaining that initial attraction is the goal of this book.Reading this book 10 - 15 times will give you a level playing field in creating more quality in your love life.Repetition is the mother of skill .
 I 've read few dating books from Amazon so far , but this one is just brilliant . Author will show you the most common mistakes guys do when dating with women . It really makes dating simple and fun . Thanks Corey !
 Dude BUY IT ! you can afford it This book will help you make your life what you deserve it to be.read it with an open mind follow the teachings they are brilliant , but when you start reading make sure you have some time cause you wo n't want to put the book down.If you really love women and will follow the practices you will find the women of your dreams or if you are married it will help you understand her and she will love you and you only .
 Imagine your life with the woman you always wanted . Imagine truly and deeply loving the person you are with and she loving you back . Imagine waking up next to an angel . Imagine being grateful for finally being with the woman you dreamed of ever since you can remember but never seemed to be able to get . Imagine finally smiling and taking a deep breath full of happiness . Well , this book can literally change your life from merely imagining to actually making it happen . This book is easy to read and it has hundreds of proven and effective strategies and ideas that will work every single time . When the student is ready the teacher appears . When you 're ready for the woman of your dreams this book will be your teacher on to not only how to find and approach her but also on how to have her fall in love with you for ever .
 This is a truly brilliant book . It enables the reader to learn what he has been doing right and wrong in his relationship life.Every man who wants to develop his ideal relationship with his girlfriend/wife must read , learn and live this book .
 Bichu The Jaguar is a great story from an animal 's point of view . Bichu is just an ordinary jaguar making her way around the jungles of South America . On her travels she stumbles into a lot of trouble . Three white skin men are out hunting and end up shooting Bichu in the side . Bichu escapes them but runs into Urubelava a native hunter and also his daughter . For a long time Bichu is constantly ducking and hiding from Urubelava . But in the end the wounded jaguar makes a final move onto the green hill with red bushes and yellow banana trees . She has finally reached her home.Alan Caillou was the adventurous author of Bichu The Jaguar . Caillou used to work with the British Intelligence Corps . He would go in and out of North African territory bringing special information to the allies . He was captured by the Italians and escaped before they could execute him . He became a safari guide after the war . Later he came to America and started to write novels . This amazing man was not just an author but also an actor and he played character roles from movies from the ` 60s all the way to the mid ` 80s . I really enjoyed Bichu The Jaguar . It was more exiting than most books I 've read . The main reason I like this book is because the characters are always moving , there was always something new about to happen . I also like this story because it can be quite humorous in some parts . This is by far one of the best novels I 've read . I would call it a 7 on a scale of 1 to 10 . This author obviously knew a lot about animals.I think other people should read this book because it tells you a lot about an animal 's life . It can also tell you what a native South American 's life is like . This is one story you 'll never get bored of and want to read again and again and again . This novel is great to read because it is so well written and hardly anybody knows about it . When I first looked at this book 's cover it did n't seem very interesting to me . I thought it was just about a jaguar . But it 's really about the jaguar trying to get back to her home .
 So , what 's so great about it ? Just incredibly vivid writing bringing to life a story of primal pain and drama , and in the process bringing you into the heads of two charactors , Bichu and Urebelava , who are utterly unlike you , and who you 'll probably never forget.I know that because I did n't . I first read this story when I was 11 . Some scenes in it , as well as the basic plot , went straight into the stock of symbols in my personal subconscious . That is of course rare enough , but for a book that a child can relate to , to stand up to rereading by an adult without seeming shallow and limited , is virtually unheard of . Tolkien 's LOTR is the only other novel I have ever experienced that pulled off this feat.If anything I 've said about this book resonates with you , then do yourself a favor and get a hold of a copy .
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James ' Court is an informative , beneficial , and interesting book to read . The plot is based around a 17 year old , Catholic boy named Michael . After the death of his father , he , his mother , and siblings get away from Philadelphia to spend a summer at a relative 's house in rural Kentucky . There Michael is faced with many challenges concerning his Catholic faith and beliefs . He becomes involved in many heated biblical debates with local fundamentalist . I found that these debates made the book exciting and it kept me hooked in . Through many instances in the novel , I gained greater knowledge on why Catholics believe in what they do , and on the biblical information to support those beliefs . That made the book very unique . If you are a person questioning the Church 's teachings and beliefs , then this novel is a must read .
 Martin Deporres Kennedy has a fine gift for storytelling . He pulls you into the story . I read this through in one sitting . The story is a vehicle for introducing theological ideas , often through debates between characters . These debates are very realistic , and may reflect actual arguments that the author haard or participated in . I would strongly recommend this for students . It would be a wonderful thing for Catholic high school religion teachers to assign their class .
 This is one of the best books ever written in the field of AI . In particular with the innovative application of Dempster-Shafer , merged with all the best AI paradigms.While most AI books contain coursework material or surveys of current algorithms , this book is a mathematical feast.Be prepared to spend time , to understand the theorem proofs , before applying the theory.The book is out of print . People who have the book and understand the theory are much ahead .
 I 'm a long time NY Yankee MLB fan . Growing up I had many Yankee MLB heroes . I was too young to see Babe Ruth but read about the greatest baseball legend . I wanted to learn more so I bought Babe The Legend Comes to Life.Robert W. Creamer wrote a great book . Its 443 pages of interesting reading with no boring parts . Great B/W pictures too . I read the page burner in 3 days and had difficulty putting it down . The book reads smooth and the reader is given thousands of interesting baseball facts about George Herman Ruth growing up , his family and being put in a boys reform school at a young age for many years . With the help of one of the catholic brothers young teenager Ruth is disciplined , given an education , a small part time job and being allowed to play in sports especially baseball.We see his natural ability as a pitcher , and the beginning of becoming a power hitter . Eventually we see him spotted as a player and getting a contract to the minor league . He does great as a pitcher and some hitting . The Red Sox give him a small contract and he is in MLB . May still do not know Babe Ruth was a great pitcher , who if would of stayed a pitcher would of eventually been a HOF pitcher.However we see Ruth hitting monstrous deep home runs . Many are amazed at the distance and frequency . The Red Sox had money flow problems and would not offer Ruth a fair contract so they sold him to the Yankees.We see his partying life style , drinking , huge eating and having sex with many women . He marries a young 16 year old women but is unfaithful to her . We see him not listening to his managers , missing curfew , etc. and getting numerous fines and suspensions . His first wife died in a fire after being separated from the Babe for about 3 years . He remarries but still is not faithful to his second wife.The reader is shown Babe never really grew up and consistently disliked someone telling him what to do and controlling him . This may have been partially because of his locked up , imprisonment at the reform school . He got out and went crazy grabbing life with two hands and doing as much as he could when he could . The Babe is shown not deliberately wanting to hurt people but he would do what he wanted and got many people offended by his larger than life lifestyle . The reader is shown Babes kindness especially to children , spending hours signing autographs , playing games with kids and his family and going to hospitals to see sick people and cheer them up . We do see his kind side.We see him hitting 714 home runs the home run king till hammering Hank Arron broke his record and Roger Maris broke his 60 home run single season record . What is remarkable is Ruth played much of his baseball years in the dead ball years and a few times hit more home runs than entire teams did . He had a great average , slugging percentage , rbi , etc. . MVP , led baseball in many statistics year after year , playing in many World Series and the first group elected in the Hall of Fame ! You name it , the Babe did it ! -LRB- Except manage in MLB ... he desperately wanted that -RRB- . Because of his crazy almost inhuman off field antics and high cost no one wanted to let him manage . The Boston Braves did a crappy deal with him as an assistant manager/player . The owner really put the screws to him for the gate -LRB- money -RRB- . The Babe quits.We see his physical collapse with cancer . The book has a sad , sad ending of Ruth suffering in super pain and using morphine and other drugs to combat the pain.What a great player . I do n't approve of his off field lifestyle but in a way I can understand his grabbing life with both hands after being stuck in a reform school for so many years . INMO The greatest ball player of all time because of his tremendous offensive power and his early great pitching ability . INMO no one comes close to the complete ball player -LRB- offensive player with so many records and super great stats and earlier a super great pitcher -RRB- . The baseball player/steroid users of today INMO do n't even count in the stat records.Babe The Legend Comes to Life a great baseball book and a great read for anyone wanting to learn about a man who lived life in high gear on and off the field . 5 stars
 A good read , better than many biographies . The story is a must for all true baseball fans . Babe 's achievements are even more impressive viewed after the drug enhanced records have been exploded .
 This book is so good it 's pure evil ! It 's every baseball player and fans dream , because Creamer goes the extra distance to help determine what makes the Babe , the Babe . I love the preface of the book as Creamer points out that if you are a casual reader you may skip some pages , but if you are a serious baseball fan it is a must to read every page ! Point well-taken . I titled this also because , it is not very well known that the Babe 's longest homer possibly was his last , the 714th , when he was on his supposed last legs when he was traded to the Boston Braves . Everything about the Babe is so unreal when compared to the modern baseball player as Creamer points out in upbringing to new found wealth and how he built the game from his bat to his personality that was incurred by this new found life he could have with money . Babe Ruth is probably the best entertainer in American History , and anyone would do themselves a favor to get inside Creamer and inside the Babe 's mind to figure out why .
 One of the best baseball legend biographies I 've read . It moved quickly , but thoroughly ... a very enjoyable read . Although the term `` page-turner '' is clich&eacute; , that 's what this is .
 Although I suspect that most people who will read this book already know how BIG Babe Ruth really was to Americans , I wish those who do NOT realize his profound inlfluence on modern culture would take the time to check this out.Creamer has fashioned an extraordinarily readable , concise yet fully detailed biography of this great ball player . There is enough journalism here to satisfy those seeking accuracy , enough analysis for those interested in perspective , and enough elegant writing to please pretty much everybody else.Beginning at the beginning , and ending , abruptly , at the end , Ruth 's life is presented within a vivid portrayal of early 20th century America . His tenacity , exuberance , lust for life is all here , including many unflattering incidents . Warts and all.If I had to single out the best things about this book , I 'd have to start with how Creamer places Ruth 's achievements into context . Staggering and astonishing are the two words I keep coming up with . Winning the Home Run Crown is one thing . Winning it over and over again for nearly two decades is another . Setting a home run record is one thing . Doubling the record is entirely another thing.It took forty years for Maris to break Ruth 's record by one . When Ruth broke the record the first time , in 1919 , he broke the old record by three or four , hitting 29 . The next year , 1920 , he hit 54 . He averaged 40 a year for SEVENTEEN years.Before Babe , the all-time home run king hit 136 homers . Ruth passed that in his first few seasons as a full-time -LRB- non-pitching -RRB- player . Every homer he hit after that extended it ... when he hit 700 , only 2 other players were in the 300 's . And do n't get me started on his pitching . Wait till you read about how good he was . I had always known he was a pretty good pitcher ... I did n't know he was THIS good.The name Babe Ruth is synonymous with `` legend '' , and there are hundreds of legendary tales surrounding his exploits . Creamer sorts of fact from fiction , and most of time , the fact is the legend.For example , the `` called shot '' may or may not have happened . The events that we are certain that occurred during that game are still amazing.Plus , I prefer to believe that he hit a ball so hard that it went between a pitcher 's legs AND over the center fielder 's head . I just love that mental image.There is a lot of sadness in Ruth 's life , from his relative abandonment as a child , to his inability to become a big league manager , to his vitality-robbing cancer ... his life had ups and downs like only true epic characters can have.The book also gets Ruth 's media domination right . At least it feels right . I was n't there . Most of us were n't . But baseball was the only entertainment for the majority of the country , along with those relatively recent upstarts , radio and film ... there is nothing today that really compares . There is really no one person whose personality captivated a country like his did.And it sounds like he loved every second of it.After reading this book , I would give anything to see Babe Ruth play just once ...
 An engrossing , informative biography of baseball 's greatest player . Some biographers make the mistake of rattling off facts and statistics , as if to impress you with how much research they 've done . Creamer wisely focuses on the story , including descriptions of important games that make you feel like you 're on the field with the Babe . Comments by Ruth 's contemporaries add to the realism . `` Babe '' gets off to a slow start -- a chapter dealing with Creamer 's feelings about writing the book , and more details about Ruth 's childhood than you probably want to know . But once Ruth starts playing baseball , the book grabs you and wo n't let go . One caveat
 Of the 200 + baseball books I 've read , `` Babe
 Originally published in 1974 , Creamer 's book was the first `` serious '' biography of Ruth and remains the standard work on the subject . The first few chapters are a bit slow as the author painstakingly chips away at decades of apocrypha and rumor to reconcile the many conflicting accounts of the Babe 's youth . The pace picks up once Ruth reaches the big leagues and really takes off after he 's sold to the Yankees . Creamer is frank about the Babe 's ravenous appetites and the effect these had on those around him , notably his first wife . Ultimately , Ruth comes off as a jovial , well-meaning but rather selfish man who was fun to be around but not someone you 'd want to depend on.This Kindle edition has a hyperlinked table of contents and index but contains no photographs save the cover .
 This a great book for baseball fans . sportslovers of all kinds and anyone interested in American history in the 20th century . Babe Ruth the icon is made human again for all of us who missed him when he played the game . The first sports celebrity in a nation that has gone on to become obsessed with celebrity and sports heroes . Babe paved the way in an era that saw tremendous change in American life . He is portrayed here '' warts and all '' and emerges as a warm hearted man with a huge appetite for living who was clearly in the right place at the right time.This is one of the finest sports biographies I 've read .
 This superb biography by Robert Creamer describes the life of Babe Ruth -LRB- 1895-1948 -RRB- from early boyhood on through to his untimely death from cancer . As the author shows , George Herman Ruth was the rowdy son of a Baltimore saloon-keeper , a young man that spent years in reform school . Gifted with incredible baseball talent , the Babe joined the Red Sox in 1914 and was soon the top left-handed pitcher in the American League . As the author shows , Ruth 's prodigious batting eventually led him from the mound to everyday status as an outfielder . After Boston 's owner foolishly dealt him to the Yankees prior to the 1920 season , Ruth exploded onto the scene in the nation 's largest city by hitting 54 homers - more than any other team in the league . Creamer shows us how media attention , radio , movies , and Ruth 's love of the spotlight helped to make him into a national icon . The author also spares little in showing the Babe 's flaws ; his rowdy volatility and his self-indulgent night life and skirt chasing . But we also see how the Babe loved kids and could be very warm and engaging.Readers might also enjoy Creamer 's biography on Casey Stengel and his narrative of baseball in 1941 -LRB- BASEBALL AND OTHER MATTERS -RRB- . This is an excellent biography by a talented writer .
 the book starts out saying that some people may find some things in it boring , and that you could skip those parts , so i immediatly thought '' this must be a bad book '' . this book is written very good , and doesent miss anything , it includes every detail of his life , his feelings and his quotes . after you start reading this book , you wont want to put it down . all the information is well put and very informative about life back in the early 1920 's and before . it goes from when he was in a boarding school to his life as a yankee . great book !
 Legends transcend time . The Stories get better , the adjectives get bolder , until they become pass&eacute; . Ruth was the only athlete who was already at legend at age 21 . There was no reason to exaggerate , and no words to describe his ferocious dominance . And the timing of his nuclear assault on history could n't have been better planned . Fresh from the Black Sox crisis of 1919 , America 's greatest sport teetered on extinction . To this day , this baby faced Neanderthal had more athletic dominance over his peers than anyone in history ... and more charisma than ten W.C. Fields . He changed the sport . Some say he changed the world.Home Runs were non-existent before him . Baseball runs were earned one base at a time ; singles ... sacrifice bunts ... a sport of hard drinking pitchers , and gritty base stealers led by Cobb . After Ruth arrived , the physical dimensions had to be rearranged just to accommodate his abilities . Mammoth stadiums were built with double the capacity , replete with awe inspiring 450 + ft fences . All because of Ruth . But the parks were no match for him . He was the all-time home run champion at age 25 , HR champ 13 times in 15 years , and in his 17 years as a hitter , he hit 235 home runs 450 ft. or further . By comparision , Bonds was HR champ just twice , and hit just 3 , count em , 3 450ft HRs his first 15 seasons pre-roids . I 've just read the new Ruth book out called The Big Bam , but afficionado 's like me still choose Beamer 's documentary as the voice of record . Unlike the rest , he best captures Ruth 's massive power and abilities , childhood innocence , great sense of humor and rebelliousness , and rock star image . Ruth was the real deal . He was a true legend in his own time , and wore the badge humbly on his sleeve . He lit up every room he entered , and lit up every pitcher he faced . This book is a classic , like the man himself .
 This is a comprehensive book on our favorite early 20th century player from Baltimore . 50 years after his death he remains possibly the greatest , and no doubt the most famous , player to have ever entered the major leagues.This book can best be described as warts and all . It starts with his rough childhood in an orphanage - which was basically a reform school - and how the Babe just excelled and became a natural player and hitter . It goes on and chronicles his rowdy life on and off the field , his indulgences and his mishaps until his premature death . He was not a man of moderation or a person that was able to pace his life . He was the opposite of say the current but now retired '' Iron Man '' Cal Ripken also from near Baltimore but a person famous for moderation . `` The Babe `` would often show up with a hangover and little sleep for a game . Then he would stuff himself with hotdogs during a game and still knock the ball out of the park.He was a fascinating person , bigger than life , and every baseball fan must buy or borrow and read this book .
 Author Robert Creamer has created one of the finest George Herman `` Babe '' Ruth biographies . This book incorporates a plurality of fascinatingly engrossing details about the baseball career and non-baseball activities of Babe Ruth.This portrait describes Babe evolving from his tumultuous life in Baltimore as the delinquent son of a saloonkeeper into whom many people consider as the greatest baseball hitter and baseball player of all time.Robert Creamer gives the reader an exceptionally in-depth description of Babe Ruth 's life activities , attitudes and habits before the beginning of his major league baseball career . Creamer even mentions a few facts about Babe 's minor league baseball playing roommate Rodger Pippen who roomed with Ruth during their 1914 International League season . Although not germane to the Babe 's career I do wish that Creamer had given a very brief history about Rodger Pippen 's history and his later-to-be significance to Baltimore . Pippen 's International League statistics for that 1914 season were omitted . After Pippen 's baseball career he later became a notable sports editor for the `` Baltimore News-Post '' . Rodger Pippen was the primary individual who convinced Baltimore to create Memorial Stadium n the early 1950 's . It is also believed that he may have been the first individual to create the phrase `` Believe-It-Or-Not ! '' . Rodger Pippen was a longtime friend of my great-grandfather Boston Fear 's family . When Babe Ruth was dying from cancer he decided to make one last trip back to Baltimore to visit Rodger Pippen , other friends and family.Robert Creamer presents many detailed facets about Babe Ruth 's baseball career with the Boston Red Sox , the New York Yankees and the Boston Braves . It would have been a bit more of an improvement if Creamer had explored the Babe 's epic making record breaking 1927 sixty home run season in more exquisitely minute detail . The biography could also have given the reader a more behind-the-scenes explanation of the silent and talking movies the Babe played in . Also , Babe Ruth 's life after his major league baseball career -LRB- the retirement years -RRB- and his off-season exhibition baseball performances could have gone into more depth . Perhaps some day a Ruthian baseball scholar will write a book comprising these oft-overlooked topics.Robert Creamer 's book splendidly evokes an appreciation of how highly important Babe Ruth was to revolutionizing and popularizing baseball . This biography is most definitely one of the `` must-read '' books about Babe Ruth . Every baseball lover should possess a copy of this book on their home bookshelf.Babe Ruth may very well be the most famous American athlete of all time . No less an authority as baseball hall-of-famer Ted Williams called Babe Ruth `` the greatest baseball hitter and baseball player of all time '' and that `` Babe Ruth was Bunyanesque -LRB- like the mythological folk tale Paul Bunyan -RRB- bigger than life '' . For a small state in geographical square mile area Maryland certainly has produced an unusual statistically high proportion of Baseball Hall of Fame players -LRB- e.g. Babe Ruth , Jimmy Foxx , John Franklin `` Home Run '' Baker , Judy Johnson , Robert Moses `` Lefty '' Grove , Al Kaline -RRB- or potential-to-be Baseball Hall of Fame inductees -LRB- e.g. Cal Ripken , Jr. , Harold Baines , Bill `` Swish '' Nicholson -RRB- . However our state is very proud to state that we produced `` The Sultan of Swat '' , `` The Bambino '' , `` The Maharajah of Maul '' , etc. who is otherwise known as George Herman `` Babe '' Ruth ! Even some of Babe Ruth 's descendants today live around the Baltimore , Hagerstown and Salisbury cities of Maryland .
 Robert W. Creamer has captured the true essence of the player known as George Herman Ruth . Through quotes from players past you can actually sense the personality of Babe Ruth . The author makes you feel as if you are at home , in the locker room , on the field , or sharing the exploits of the Babe . America 's greatest hero is brought to life within its pages , so much so , when the likes of a McGwire or Sosa hit a homerun today , you picture the Babe . Someday I hope to acquire the autograph of Mr. Creamer to make my edition complete .
 Robert Creamer definitely has written a baseball classic . If you 're a baseball fan , it belongs in your library .
 I really enjoyed reading about this part of Babe Ruth 's life and the history of baseball . I learned a lot of interesting baseball facts and had fun going back in time .
 I 've read half a dozen Babe Ruth biographies . Some are excellent , others merely readable . This is the best of the bunch . Robert Creamer took a lifetime of experience in sports journalism and applied his story telling ability here . It flows . The story reads like a novel but the detail and factual support give the reader the sure knowledge that a great deal of research went into this book.Creamer was featured prominently in Ken Burns ' film Baseball . Now I know why . He is an eloquent spokesman for the game . It 's clear in this book , too .
 Cronicals Ruth in the minor leagues before he went to the majors . He was a minor league star . . who 'd a thonk it ... must read . .
 This book on Babe Ruth really covers it all . Robert W. Creamer really did his research on Ruth and it shows . The reader just does n't get to read about his home runs that he is most famous for or his sad demise from throat cancer . From before he got to the Boys school and after he left baseball , his exploits are covered . What a life and what a ride Ruth had . It 's something we 'll never see again .
 I have read every book about the babe and this is my favorite . Its and oldy but goody !! Creamer is the consummate baseball writer when it comes to days of yore .
 This book was excellent . The author gives us an intimate portrait of one of the greatest and most colorful athletes of the 20th century
 Detailed aspects of his life before and after baseball . Lived large and died young.Still holds record today for pitching and slugging . Baseball fans will like this and read about aspects of his life that are not well known . A good read .
 Before I readBabe
 I knew I 'd have loved this book the second I read the title of the first chapter , -LRB- actually the second , but the first is more a methodological introduction -RRB-
 Babe
 As author of the yet to be published `` Babe Ruth
 Although I am only 27 years old I consider myself a baseball purist -LRB- as well as a huge Dodger Fan -RRB- . I have a big attraction to the greats and the detail of the book is incredible ! I was Rivitted and a Must read for ANY Baseball fan .
 One of the finest sports books I have ever read ... great as a sports book , even greater as a biography ... probably better as a biography ... the characters , especially the Babe , come alive . It 's as if you are living history as it happens and the characters are real , so , so real . Gives the reader an understanding and appreciation of the men who played the game as never before . Simple , yet complex men , in a simpler time . Simple to us , but still complex and uncertain to them ... A rare find . A rare book . A good , good book . Highly recommended to the devout baseball fan , the casual baseball fan and to the reader who has a casual , passing interest in Babe Ruth , his life and times . Highly recommended .
 That was written for boys & swallowed every legend whole . Robert Creamer has written quite a bit on baseball . This may be about the best biography of its time . You ca n't do much better than Tom Parker if you take the audio route . I 've read or listened to other works by Mr. Creamer & they are consistently good . That said he has alway seemed a bit to attached to the numbers . Baseball is the most satistical of sports & I do enjoy them . Ever year there is a new on that can be applied however unofficially to players of other eras such as the Babe . One of the newest ones now in vogue is the quality start.Six inningss minimum with three earned runs or less is a quality start . Having said that sometimes the numbers overwhelm the story . Stats on the Babe 's minor league years will be forgotten about 2 seonds after you hear them . Mr Creamer endeavors to be accurate & may knock down some of the legends , or reduce them to believable proportions . The belly-ache heard round the world & The Babe hitting three home-runs in his last game are examples of the hype at the time . Creamer gets real & lifts , in the end his biography to a more adult level . I think Mr. Creamer dwells a bit more on Babe 's other appetites , as well , such as women . His various ailments , injuries & suspensions have surprisingly depressed records that could have been even greater than they eventually were . Babe 's juvenile behavior in his early years & the number of people in the baseball world that he irritated by his sometimes arrogant attitude through-out his career thwarted him in the thing he wanted most
 The greatest name in baseball has to be George Herman `` Babe '' Ruth . Babe Ruth is the standard by which all other power hitters in baseball , even today , are measured . The recording of Babe will explain how this came to be.Follow along on a fantastic journey , from Ruth 's early days in the orphanage to his start in Baltimore . Relive the early years as a dominant pitcher for the Boston Red Sox to his trade to New York.You 'll hear stories about his wild party and nightlife in New York , his two marriages , and his relationship with other players . You get to know then man and come to understand what drove him every day.Listen and you 'll hear the story about the called shot , his continuing love of children , his creation of the Babe Ruth Foundation , his wanting to manage and so many other things he did . This is the Babe Ruth of books about baseball and Babe Ruth !
 The book captures not only the facts of the Babe 's life , but his spirit and feel as well . You almost believe you were back in the times of his life , with the state of mind of the fans , the ballplayers , etc. . The Babe remains bigger than life today , and you can only imagine how big he was then . Creamer takes you beneath the surface and gets you into the real life and times of Babe Ruth , the greatest player ever . You will find how despite his shortcomings , Babe Ruth was a real , warm and genuine individual , with an absolute soft spot for children . Five stars , hands down !
 I only have two images of Babe Ruth . The first is the slightly silly 1920 's baseball videos where all the men run around in high-speed motion , and the whole thing looks somewhat comical . The second is of Babe Ruth at Yankee Stadium on his final visit , suffering from terminal cancer , taking the last waves of the fans while propping himself up with a bat . This book fills in a lot of the missing pieces -- The Good Stuff * Babe lived a fascinating life . Starting out in a combination prison/orphanage , Babe never really had things easy . The book does a very credible job of relating the trials of Babe 's youth , and his efforts to use baseball to lift himself out of a bad situation . * Creamer presents a fairly unvarnished look at Babe 's life . The man could be uncouth , crass , borderline uncivilized , and yet generous , gentle and respectful . He could spend money like water , and while he was the highest paid player in the league by a considerable margin , would be broke by the time the next season started . * By the end of the book , I was very moved by Babe 's story , and you almost can feel the tragic hero dying on the battlefield at the end of the last great battle . * One thing I had never realized was that Babe was an excellent athlete . I always had the caricature of an overweight player whose only real skill was whacking a ball over the fence . Turns out Babe was an excellent pitcher , a reasonable fielder , and was an order of magnitude better than any hitter of his day . The book does an excellent job of presenting those parts of Babe 's life that seem lost to history . -- The Not So Good Stuff * Once again the Kindle edition of a book sets new records for typos and misspellings . * There are no photos in the book . * Probably my biggest complaint is the book misses a whole dimension of Babe 's personality . His feelings for his first wife are an amalgamation of conflicting emotions - starting with affection , love , and at times bordering on contempt and embarrassment . And yet we are never really given a glimpse of his personal feelings . Babe was a frequent visitor to various `` dens of inequity '' , and never lacked for feminine company-while his wife sat home in Boston . Did it bother him ? Did he care ? * I would have loved to see a section comparing Ruth to today 's players . What was the speed of the average fastball when Ruth played ? Could Ruth hit today 's pitching ? Could Ruth pitch to today 's hitters ? I realize this is all highly speculative , but it would have been a fun chapter or appendix . -- OverallI very much enjoyed the book , and it was a look at Babe Ruth that had always escaped me . The facts seems reasonably well researched , although Creamer was somewhat hampered by the effect of time on memory and the haphazard -LRB- by today 's standards -RRB- record keeping of early Baseball.I think Creamer missed a chance to explore some other aspects of Ruth 's life , but was probably hampered by his desire to focus on sports . Also , this book was written before today 's `` tell-all '' style of journalism came into being.Any fan with more than a casual interest would appreciate the book .
 I first read Mr. Creamer 's book on Babe Ruth when it was published in 1974 . To me , it was one of the first modern biographies that I read , and I loved it . I have learned that many biographies published prior to the mid-1970 's just do n't read as easily as those since , and are not as `` in-depth '' as we now expect.This winter , I re-watched Ken Burns ' `` Baseball '' for the sixth time , and enjoyed the comments from Mr. Creamer . I decided to buy his book once again . Unfortunately , I was slightly disappointed . Yes , it is still a fascinating story . However , at times , I found it slightly shallow in places . To be fair , this may be due to the times that I 've heard Mr. Creamer tell the story on my DVD . However , if you have n't read any books on Babe Ruth , I 'd start with this one .
 book is in excellent conditionvery happy with purchaseso far book is very interesting , consistant with amazon review
 Robert Creamer 's deft , understated prose is perfect for Babe Ruth 's loud , overstated life . Ruth was all about himself both on and off the field , and by standing out of the way , Creamer lets the Babe shine through once more . THE BABE stands in the upper tier of sports biographies .
 This is the best book on The Babe I have read and even have it on C D. Love the book , thanks . Carl Welty
 The title of the book describes what you will find inside , his life . He was a legend which to this day is the standard ball players are being compaired . The book is well written , does not bog you down , keeps your interest from beginning to end . It describes his life , both on and off the field in a slightly different light than what we may have heard and seen growing up in the 60 's as I did . I enjoyed the book , the history , the stories -LRB- true or not ! -RRB- and the effect he had on the game of baseball . It 's a good read , especially if you are a baseball/history nut .
 This is a complete and thorough examination of the life and playing career of a baseball icon . The author has done a commendable job of separating the facts from the fanciful fictions that have grown up surrounding George Herman Ruth . While his home run record has been surpassed , I still think one can argue that Ruth was the greatest baseball player when one considers that in addition to his hitting abilities Ruth was an outstanding pitcher . He was shifted to the outfield when his managers determined that he could be of greater value as an everyday player rather than pitching every third or fourth day .
 This book gives the reader an appreciation of the tremendous impact of Babe Ruth 's life on major league baseball , and on the United States as well.I highly recommend it to anyone interested in the history of baseball . It is very entertaining and difficult to put down , and worthy of reading again every few years
 As being a Generation X-er , I always heard stories of Babe Ruth being the best slugger and his 714 home runs . I did not really know to much about him , even being a big American League baseball fan.It is amazing to read some of the stories how he was difficult , may not have said things the way he should have , and how he was not always a good player , well little mistakes . But then on the other hand , how he was kind of like a big kid.The author I feel did an excellent job in writing this book from beginning to end . At some points he might not have the whole story for earlier years , but he did use newspapers , ect for play by play of some of the games.It is interesting to learn about how he interacted with other players and owners . It is kind of sad how his later years ended up and I believe more modern players are taken care of a little more in their later years.So much info in this book and well written . I learned a lot and highly recommend this book.Mike
 I really enjoyed this book . It gave me a behind the scenes look at the greatest baseball player of all time . Not only did I enjoy the baseball stories , but I also found the stories about the unique personality of ths man very amusing .
 Some personalities are too big to be contained in a single book , especially one who exemplified bigness like Babe Ruth.Ruth was not much into analyzing the whys of his greatness . As retold in Robert Creamer 's 1974 biography , when asked the secret of why he hit so many home runs , he replied
 I found this book to be packed with great information and recommend it to be added to any PHA library . It not only gives good basic knowledge , but also includes study and research paths which lead into further light and understanding of our craft in modern aspects . `` Black Square and Compass '' also shows the correlation and significance of PHA in association with modern black history . For example accomplishments of the Buffalo Soldiers and the network of the Underground Railroad .
 This book is amazing and it came well before the expected delivery date.Excellent
 I purchased this for a Masonic friend for his birthday and he really enjoyed it . Also good for anyone who wishes to learn more about the history of Prince Hall Masonry .
 She never wanted to be the sole breadwinner in her family , but she finds herself exactly in that position . Her husband never recovered from the destruction of the World Trade center or the betrayal by a friend who sued him for something he never did . Unable to cope , he quit his job as a stockbroker and became a vegetable couch potato . Annie , a stockbroker at the same firm her spouse left , tries to make her income cover their bills as two salaries used to do while allowing her housekeeper to raise their two children.Her boss is coming on to Annie and she is ready to succumb to his charms . As she ponders an affair , her best friend 's father accuses Annie of stealing bearer bonds from him and her housekeeper abruptly quits leaving behind two emotionally wrecked children in her wake . Annie realizes she must straighten out her own life , be strong for her daughters , and uncover what happened to the bonds while knowing she can not truly aid her children or her husband until she helps herself.Leslie Glass displays her wry wit and cutting edge humor in a poignant family drama with a touch of mystery that hooks readers from beginning to end . The protagonist learns that she is strong because circumstances require her to be so ; fortified with moral fiber and courage Annie takes charge of her life before she ends up in the same abyss as her husband . He is an intriguing character , her opposite for when the going got tough , he quit . Readers will appreciate this strong tale with a memorable cast who laugh on the outside , but cry on the inside.Harriet Klausner
 Annie , a stockbroker , is not just asked but begged to go to to the home of a friends elderly parents , who both seem in the grip of dementia , and remove a lifetime of securities for safekeeping . She reluctantly does so . After bringing them back to her office it is determined that a large block of bearer bonds are missing . Carol 's father then demands the securities back.Her husband is suffering from post trumatic stress syndrome having survived the attack on the world trade center . He has since turned into a couch potatCarol , the friend who got her into this mess , is a fantasticdecorator , living in a loveless marriage . Will an affair bring her happiness?The book is a well written view of the neurotic tendenciesof New Yorkers under a lot of stress .
 For Love and Money is an entertaining example of `` matron lit , '' one of the latest sub-genres in women 's fiction . Protagonist Annie Custer is married , but unhappily so . Her best friend , Carol , is dealing not only with a neglectful husband but forgetful parents who stubbornly refuse to turn over their hoarded stock certificates to the safety of a brokerage account.Now Carol has secured her parents ' reluctant agreement and begs Annie , a top-notch stockbroker , to travel to their home and pick up the certificates in person . It 's a trip which Annie realizes will take her beyond the boundaries of the strictly ethical and possibly jeopardize her career . As if that were n't enough on her plate , Annie 's husband is immobilized by trauma from September 11 plus the loss of his job . Her brilliant older daughter has succumbed to a depression so deep she refuses to start college , or even to get out of bed in the morning , while her younger daughter is probably curling up with a bong full of pot . Is it any wonder that Annie is consoling herself with visions of an afternoon romp with her good-looking boss , Brian?I checked this book out of my local library , where I found it shelved with mysteries and thrillers . There are mysteries to be solved
 I have been purchasing Newtype for years , and have always wanted to read The Five Star Stories . But I am just learning to read Japanese , so it was slow going -LRB- when it went at all . -RRB- But now , thanks to the wonderful people who printed this English language version , I can now read the story that I have admired for so long!The art is superb , the story is exciting , and the characters draw you in and hold you there . I like how Mamoru Nagano has mixed the mythology of various countries and combined them with the technological driven dreams of our time . He has put an interesting spin on a cliche 'd situation , and that is great ! Kudos to you!It may be hard to understand at first , but once you get into it , it 's great!I would love to be able to describe the plot to you , but I 'm not sure I can remember that much of it . That 's not to say that it lacks a plot -- my memory is just incredibly bad.Anyway , try it for yourself ! The books are relatively cheap -LRB- at least where I bought them , so that 's a plus.Terrific art , gripping story , entrancing characters , and mythology all together in a reasonably priced package ? What more encouragement do you need ?
 Thank you Donna L. Patton for writing the first true Christian romance novel I have ever read . From Faythe to Ever Increasing Faith was an extremely realistic book to me as an African American Christian woman who is seeking to truly know God 's purpose and plan in life because this is exactly what Faythe does throughout the book ! Although Faythe has to continually remind herself of God 's purpose and plan for her life , her strength and perseverance are a true testimony to her friends , family and even ... the love of her life.Unlike other Christian books and movies that are currently available , this book is true to God 's purpose and plan because it addresses our relationships with God on a personal but realistic level by showing how God is truly in control of every aspect of our lives . Faythe is successful in so many areas of her life because she allows God to be in total control . As a result , she lives the joyful life God intends for all of us.This well-written novel is an excellent gift for young , old , women , men and people of all cultures ! I encourage everyone to purchase a book for themselves , several more to give to others -LRB- because you will want other people to read it -RRB- and look forward to more of God 's work through Donna L. Patton !
 TITLE
 In Donna L. Patton 's , From Faythe to Ever Increasing Faith , Fathye Alexander is a black woman riding the clouds above success . Throughout her life , Fathye has constantly battled with never feeling pretty enough , good enough , or smart enough . When her long-time friend David resurfaces , she must destroy old demons and claim her right to love long denied . It is only through her faith that she succeeds and comes full-circle into God 's devine plan.Patton managed to deliver an exciting story without compromising God 's word . Her character 's story was a testimony to God 's unconditional love , never-ending patience and undying forgiveness . At times the pace of the story was slowed dramatically with back stories and dreams , but overall I found this book to be a good read.If you are looking for a story to entertain the mind while ministering to the soul , increase your faith by picking up a copy of this book!T . RHYTHM KNIGHTAPOOO BookClub
 I enjoyed the book and rated it excellent because it was so easy to relate to on so many levels . As an African American christian and businesswoman , I understand the struggles and demands Faythe Alexander dealt with . I can relate to the feelings of unworthiness and self-doubt and bad decision-making as well as relationship complexities with saved/unsaved friends and relatives . It was a blessing to see this story unfold and witness the reward she received as a result of being yielded to God 's ultimate plan for her life . Not only will obedience to God 's word and a personal relationship with him produce a fruitful life but it will also spiritually take you to higher heights !!! I recommend it to everyone !!!
 Faith is a driving force in the lives of many people , helping to cope with not only the every day chores of work , paying bills , taking care of families , but also in the hereafter that is to come . It is written that if you have faith the size of a mustard seed -LRB- which by the way is pretty small in case you did n't know -RRB- that you could tell a mountain to move and it would . But no one has that much faith . Oh we come close , maybe an eighth of a seed , maybe a quarter , the most stalwart of us even a half , but never enough to say `` Mountain , move ! '' and then watch it go . Moreover , while we may wish to walk the straight and narrow , it is not an easy path . We all have faults-it 's what makes us human , it 's what makes us real . And being real is one of the many things I liked about From Faythe to Ever Increasing Faith by first time author Donna L. Patton , and the character that has the title role in her novel , Faythe Alexander.Ms . Patton has created a young successful attractive African/American woman to be the star and strong role model in this highly compelling story , and with her , a world where people make mistakes , and learn . People grieve and go on , people love , and know heartache , yet love again . And people believe-they believe in a greater power ; a God that is real , and alive , and helps them get through the struggles of existence , always there to guide and support . It is obvious from the way that Ms. Patton uses her gift of writing to minister , that she is a firm believer in the Lord , and walks with him on a constant basis.Don ' t get me wrong , this is not a book that preaches , but instead shares within the confines of a richly developed story one of love lost and found ; of friendships renewed and reinterpreted , and the vastness and abounding love of a Savior for one of his creations , and the return of that love.Is it a romance novel you might ask ? Well , yes , and it could easily fit on the shelves of any secular bookstore in the romance section ; however , it is far more . Is it a Christian book ? Well , again , it could go next to any book at a religious bookstore with pride , but to pigeonhole it into any narrow confine does an injustice to the writing skills that Ms. Patton displays.From Faythe to Ever Increasing Faith is a rare find ; a book that ministers to the needs of the reader without hitting them over the head ; yet never once compromising the message for the sake of the story . I would say that Ms. Patton should be proud of what she wrote , but I think her answer would be she did n't write it alone , she had help from someone ` higher up ' . And I think she would be right.-Rick MohrSyndicated Book Reviewer
 WARNING
 This book is truly a page-turner ! It kept me on the edge of my seat , wanting more and more . It made me laugh and cry all at the same time . This heart-felt book truly reached the heart of its readers and I 'm sure it reached the heart of God . I recommend everyone read this book . Excellent !!!
 I am an avid gardener who has accumulated many books on the subject . I thought to myself , why do I need one more ? I originally took this book out from my local library and enjoyed it so much I wanted to buy it to have it for permanent reference . It covers everything from soil -LRB- how and when to test -RRB- , to all types of plants -LRB- flowers , herbs , shrubs , etc -RRB- . The illustrations are many and help visually guide the reader with steps for things like pruning , staking , composting , etc. . The tips are simple and are environmentally friendly . Two things that are important to me . I 'd highly recommend this book whether you have one book on gardening or 100 .
 I was pleased with the condition of the book and the speed with which I received it . Thanks .
 Ok I 'm a little biased on this book , since there is a hundred year old picture of my house in it . But I really loved the old pictures . The whole series of city history books published by this company are very interesting , specially if you live or own a home in the cities .
 I was born and raised in Malden , Massachusetts and enjoyed looking over the photos from days gone by . I imagined some of the scenes as the way my grandparents saw Malden . Anyone interested in the area will enjoy this book !
 One weekend two years ago AJ Michaels let reporter Dare McKay too close , too fast . Then out of fear , she seized on a coincidence to accuse him of professional impropriety , effectively restoring the distance between them . Part of her still wants to let him close , but a stronger part finds the idea repellant , lest she wind up like her mother . Now a case forces them to work together , and AJ finds her defenses crumbling every time Dare is near . Indeed , the way Dare slips past her defenses is more dangerous than any criminal AJ has ever prosecuted.One of the city 's most respected journalists and winner of two Pulitzer prizes , Dare has doggedly followed a path of corruption for years that now leads to working with AJ . He can never seem to forget the two intoxicating nights they shared , or stop baiting her into a response , even if it 's negative . AJ needs his knowledge of Chicago 's criminal underbelly . He needs to find a way to get close to her and win her trust.The second part of the Charmed and Dangerous miniseries , HARD TO RESIST follows HARD TO HANDLE with a powerful storyline and extraordinary characterizations . The unifying conflict of the series gains momentum , yet HARD TO RISIST could also be read as a standalone . AJ 's complex family relationships and contradictory feelings add sympathy , while Dare 's own family story provides powerful motivation . The past paced plot keeps the pages turning . Add this series to your keeper shelf , and watch for the concluding installation , HARD TO TAME . Very highly recommended .
 This is the first book I 've read by Meg Wolitzer , and overall , I enjoyed it . The plot brings three just-turned-thirty friends into close and prolonged contact with the 50-something mother of their recently deceased friend . Wolitzer is able to pull this off because she obviously likes all of her characters , their various flaws notwithstanding . She also has the type of sense of humor that allows her to ligthen things up when emotions and events threaten to drag things down too much . The strongest character is the Mother , Natalie , who is one of the more appealing baby boomers in recent fiction , and by no means a mere caricature . My only objection is that several secondary characters are not as clearly drawn as the main ones . But in fairness to Wolitzer , in most novels the reader would not even care about knowing more about such relatively minor characters , and it 's only her gift for making you care that makes this an issue at all .
 Thirty-year-old Sara Swerdlow and her friends Adam , Maddy , and Peter spend every August in a run-down rental by the beach , re-experiencing in these regular escapes from real life their one-time college intimacy -- that peculiar closeness born of cohabitation and limited responsibility that most of us lose at graduation . This year the cast of characters is expanded
 I enjoyed `` Surrender Dorothy '' very much . However , I would have loved to have know Sarah more before her accident . Her character was not fully developed . I liked her best male friend the best . I found the other characters self-absorbed and often annoying . The overall plot was interesting and often heart-wrenching . The author really made you think about your own mortality and how we can touch and be touched by others people 's lives ... and the affect we have on each other . Ms. Woltzer shows great insight into the human heart . `` Surrender Dorothy '' was a very quick read .
 The novel is a wrenching page-turner about a woman 's loss of an adult daughter and her subsequent attempts to cope and live . The author artfully describes experiences of the mother and the dead woman 's friends as they provide each other with memories and support needed to adapt to the sudden death of a young woman whom they loved . It is the best book I have read all year !
 Reading this novel I felt as if the author was one of my best friends . Meg Wolitzer is just so spot-on in her portrayals of the characters in Surrender , Dorothy that they were as familiar to me as my own roommates . I 've liked all of Wolitzer 's novels -- she writes exquisitely and always cracks me up -- but this novel about a young woman 's early death and how it affects the people around her , especially her best friend -LRB- her mom -RRB- is one of her best . It is witty -LRB- puns aplenty -RRB- but so totally real . Everyone has to deal with a freak tragedy here in their own way , and Wolitzer carries us through her characters ' transitions from shock to acceptance and transcendence beautifully . I hope the author is hard at work on her next novel . She 's great company and I ca n't wait to see who she dreams up for me to hang out with next !
 In a mustard-colored house in the Hamptons , four friends gather every August . They are thirty-something these days , and sometimes , they can scarcely bear to revisit the dilapidated and somewhat trashy house . But sentiment and habit draw them back every year.But this year will be a very different one for Peter , Maddy , Adam and Sara . In the first week of this , their summer retreat , Sara will die in a car accident.It happens when Sara and Adam are returning from buying ice cream at the Fro-Z-Cone shop . As the effects of this tragedy ripple through all their lives , the after shock also envelopes Sara 's mother Natalie more than any of them . Natalie and Sara have been like a `` twosome '' of us against the world , ever since Natalie split from her husband many years before . They share many intimate deals of each other 's lives in a way that suggests some boundary issues . They talk by phone almost every day , with a unique greeting -- `` Surrender , Dorothy . '' Like a code , formed years before when they watched The Wizard of Oz over and over.So now in her grief , Natalie impulsively goes out to the little house on the beach , just to see where Sara was in her last moments . And the friends invite her to stay on.What unfolds in the weeks that follow will remind everyone of the fragility of life , the bonds that connect friends and family , and the boundaries that need to be rebuilt.Will Natalie learn how to live without Sara ? What will Peter , Maddy , and Adam discover about themselves without their friend ? And finally , will they all grow up at last and put an end to what now feels like an extended adolescence?Surrender , Dorothy
 This absorbing story felt real as I went along , reading it pretty quickly over the course of a few nights . Meg Wolitzer 's writing is all-American , a reflection of life here and now . I love it . She 's just deep enough to be very interesting , and literary enough to pull you along , but in this book , every word counts . If only every women 's author these days was so spare and so talented ! It was such a relief to pick up this meaty but relatively short book - 240 pages - after having to plow through big , fat , 500-page , comment-on-every-color-and-nuance-of-thought `` women 's literature '' books for my book club !
 Meg Wolitzer accomplishes something astonishing here . She creates a compelling character in Sara Swerdlow even after her sudden death at the end of the first chapter . Surrender , Dorothy is , I think , about how each of us is the sum of our impact on others in our lives - and their collective perceptions of us . I eased through the story , as sad as it frequently is , quickly , and Wolitzer 's style is similar to that of some of my favorite authors
 Ms. Wolitzer has so much talent . This book is very moving . SaraSwerdlow , who seemed to be the protagonist , is killed in the last lineof the first chapter . Her mother and her friends , who are actually at a Long Island summer house , grieve for the remainder of the book . Ms. Wolitzer has wit and the incidents she selects to write about are interesting and well done . The book is very sad . Ms. Wolitzer 's view of life is so grim . Marriage stinks . Friends and children are dangerous . Joy fades quickly . The combination of wit and talent with this grim view is striking and odd . But the book is moving and I recommend it .
 This is the first title I 've read by this author and was enthralled by the tender passages . Having been a long time fan of Alice Adams , I surely thought that feeling of gentle familiarity with characters , beautiful on the outside and shattered and fragile inside , was a pleasure now gone . I 'm pleased to say this book evoked the same feeling of honest haunting . Thank you , Meg Wolitzer for this gem of a read .
 Surrender Dorothy is filled with enjoyable moments . This is story of ordinary people facing the reality of life and death . As a reader you are able to relate to the insanity that accompanies death and the reality of how death effects you . Though the book focus is around Sara 's death the book is really a tale of Sara 's life , a life many can relate to . When you are not crying you will be laughing . Surrender Dorothy was an enjoyable quick read that I recommend to all that can relate to the transition of life from the carefree 20 's to the responsible 30 's where you and those around you not only realize you are an adult but expect you to act as an adult .
 I loved this book -- it 's among Wolitzer 's best . The writing is sharp , funny and epigrammatic , the characters rich , the plot full of twists and turns . I ca n't wait for the movie !
 Meg Wolitzer delves deep into the hearts of a group of friends who are enjoying a summer respite in a somewhat rundown `` summer home '' on the coast . When Sara , the most beautiful of them , is suddenly killed one evening in a fluke car accident , the lives of those left slowly begin to unravel like an old sweater . Each is left with guilt and memories too large to be contained in the tiny , forlorn house they have rented . When Sara 's mother , Natalie , arrives unexpectedly one afternoon , she sets into motion the undoing of the entire household . On the way , though , each person learns a little more about themselves , their relationship with Sara , and mostly , about the world which they have created . Wolitzer has a keen insight into the human heart in grief , and displays her stunning talent here with poise and delicateness .
 I absolutely adored this book . Think of the Big Chill , or the Return of the Secaucus Seven , but with characters so much like you and people you know you ca n't believe the author has n't been eavesdropping in your house . Has ALOT to say about friendship , mortality and getting older but in a way that 's funny , endearing and wise . Highly recommended
 I was on one of the Navy ships in the movie and purchased the book . Still have that copy but it had some damage . This book is almost perfect . And fast delivery
 Good book to start with ; motivated me to get more books to read more about the nuances and subtleties about the game .
 Bram Stoker 's mantle has passed to the shoulders of thattalented new author of horror Damion Kirk.Read his creepy page turner `` Reflections of a Vampire `` and you will know why .
 A Horrific Tale in the Tradition of Anne RiceGerard Arnaud St. Laurue goes out after dark every evening on the hunt . He is a beautiful young man , eternally youthful , killing indiscriminately . He is all-powerful , a shape changer as well as able to read the thoughts of others . Gerard Arnaud St. Laurue is a vampire . Getting ready for his millennium rest , he is looking for minions to help him . He must go underground for eighteen months to rejuvenate and he needs minions that he can trust to guard his grave . When four teenagers stalk him , he turns on them killing three but he likes the look of one sixteen-year-old named Fury and decides to cultivate him into one of his minions . Fury is delighted ; he wants power for himself.Detective Solomon Wiese is looking for the murderer of the three teens as well as the beheaded local priest , Father Monahan . He and his partner comb the hot spots of the city looking for St. Laurue . Franny who works for the Daemonion Council is a shape changer and able to cloak herself so that she can not be detected by the bloodsucker . She and her compatriots are trying to help the detective find St. Laurue who is not only killing people but also spreading disease throughout the city.St . Laurue decides to write his memoirs before he goes underground and going to the office of a local publisher , Bevan Preston , he forces him to agree to publish his book.Press is frightened for his life and that of his family so has no choice but to agree to work with the vampire . Needing a ghostwriter , he recruits his friend , Kyle , to do the honors for St. Laurue . Oddly enough , St. Laurue and Kyle find they are kindred spirits . St. Laurue is also having an on-going hate relationship with his powerful father . And this is just the beginning of the journey through REFLECTIONS OF A VAMPIRE and things are not always quite what they seem.Mr . Kirk writes a chilling story making it feel very real so that the reader will find himself looking over his shoulder making sure there are no creepy-crawlies of which he is unaware . It is a frightening tale of mayhem and murder and creatures of the night . There are numerous characters in the story but many of them are short-lived but fascinating all the same as they get their hearts ripped out of their bodies before they can blink an eye . Needless to say , there is a lot of blood and gore . One scene with two bellboys oversteps the line of gruesome ! The reader can but hope for redress from Detective Wiese and Franny -LRB- Slim -RRB- but is everything really as it seems to be ? With vampires and shape changers , anything and everything is a possibility . Mr. Kirk writes a scary page-turner in REFLECTIONS OF A VAMPIRE , a horrific tale in the tradition of Anne Rice so if you are interested in creatures that go bump into the night , you are sure to really enjoy this one .
 When Damion first approached me to edit Reflections of a Vampire , my first thought was , ` not my genre ' . Wrong ! Once I began reading Reflections of a Vampire , there was no turning back . These vampires passionately draw you into their intriguing world of romance , mystery and ancient wisdom . Like his vampire , G&eacute;rard Arnaud St. Laurue ; Mr. Kirk spellbinds his audience with impeccable style , wit and - oh - the horror of it all !
 `` Reflections of a Vampire '' is a page turner ! the story is outrageous but the characters seem so real ! this is the best book I have read in years !
 It was fascinating ! In `` Reflections of a Vampire '' , Damion has created a world just a little different from our own . What if you could live a very long time ? What if you could literally fly to Washington DC ~ seduce , control and kill anyone you wanted , at any time ? The only price that you pay is a little bit of guilt.What would it mean to be in a world where someone can completely control you ? Forget about morality , it 's all about power . In the Old Testament , Job was tested this way , but Job was dealing with an old-time Hebrew God who had more power than awareness . Damion 's vampires on the other hand , are up to date . They 're cool . You ca n't outsmart them . Your only hope is to get them to like you , and that is mostly up to them.In this book , Damion creates powerful images , slapstick humor , kinky sex and extreme terror in a world ten degrees off true . His book reminds us of every kind of human Vampire in our own lives
 This is the mother of all vampire books . Kirk has the infinite depth of spiritual understanding along with an unflinching eye toward the most heinous evil imaginable . With this book you can feel exhilaration along with terror , like a truly great roller coaster . -LRB- Not at Disney world ! -RRB- I look forward to the sequels and -LRB- God willing -RRB- the movie .
 To make a long story short I received the book from the author himself after giving him one of the best haircuts ever ! After giving me a brief description I was ready to dive into the deep dark world of vampires . Once I started to read I could ' t put it down without wondering what would happen next . I could picture the story in my mind like I was living it . What a great experience . Ca n't wait for the next book !
 Horror lovers everywhere , be prepared to crown another King . Damion Kirk is a master story weaver and first class writer with tremendous style . Mr. Kirk 's vampires are so vivid , they crawl off the page . One even followed me into my dreams ! St. Laurue is a vampire that shocks as much with his violence as his sudden outbursts of mercy.That Mr. Kirk has created such memorable characters is wonderful , that they share such a rich story is incredible . Reflections of a Vampire entices us on a wild romp from the back alleys and clubs of NYC , to the Holocaust Museum in DC.I 'll put it this way - If you 're looking for a great read ; if you love horror , mystery or suspense -- buy one for yourself , and one for your best friend - so they do n't keep yours . Why did I love Reflections of a Vampire ? Because it 's a tale so very , very human .
 This book has existed under the radar for too long . Any fan of the horror novel should put this at the top of their must-read list .
 I must confess I was a little worried in the beginning of the book when St. Laurue -LRB- Mr. Kirk 's main vampire -RRB- invaded a publisher 's office . I said to myself , `` Here we go , now the vampire talks his story out in flashbacks to the media man , just like in Anne Rice 's `` Interview with the Vampire . '' I 'm happy to report that I could n't have been further from the truth ! Do n't be fooled by any surface similarities . No flashbacks here . Mr. Kirk masterfully unfolds his own distinct real-time , tightly woven dark adventure.This is the story of vampires and humans and how little difference there is once you scratch the surface . A `` Do n't want to stop '' and a `` Do n't want it to end '' storyline . It gives nothing away to say that interesting things are happening as vampires tap into the modern blood supply . Clues are left , citizens ca n't help but notice that things are getting a bit gruesome , and something has to be done . The police are brought in as well as some other , more shadowy figures . Everyone is searching for something or someone and it all produces a maelstrom of love , death , and desire . No way to figure it out . You just gasp , along for the ride.The vampires are the coolest I 've ever come across . There are many of them each with their own distinct personality . They are scary , clever , sometimes funny , and even tender . One is nothing short of masterful . There are many human characters , all of whom you care about , and some of whom manage to stay un-undead . The story is modern and opens up a new universe of plots and intrigues , some pointing to the past and others pointing to the future . After reading `` Reflections of a Vampire , '' it is satisfying to this reader to contemplate how Mr. Kirk will satisfy the inevitable demand for more .
 Every one thousand years a vampire must take the millennium rest . A vampire must find minions that can be trusted to watch over their place of rest for eighteen months . G&eacute;rard Arnaud St. Laurue had one week to find such minions . He chose a teenage boy named Fury and a lovely girl named Elka for the task . But he still had to change them and be sure he could trust them . During that week he intended to write his memoirs and have a publisher tell his story as well.Brigitte was G&eacute;rard 's younger sister . They had been blood feuding with their father , Marquis Antoine DeMalberet , for centuries . Their father had always been a major thorn in their sides . But for now , Bigitte thought little of Antoine . For now , she had to make G&eacute;rard realize he was spreading a disease . She also had to convince him that he was slipping . Human homicide detectives and not-so-human agents from Motherhospice were on his trail . She had to be quick ! The full moon was coming ! ***** Fans of Anne Rice and Dean Koontz will love this book ! I found myself to be attracted and repelled at the same time ! This story is filled with twists to keep its readers on their toes . I was unable to put it down , having to know what was going to happen next ! Recommended for all vampire fans who dare to take a good look at what the night 's shadows conceal ! Excellent ! ***** Reviewed by Detra Fitch
 Gerard Arnaud St. Laurue , an ancient vampire , wants to publish his memoirs . If Damion Kirk writes a sequel , maybe he will reveal some of these adventures -- Reflections of a Vampire is not an interview filled with flashbacks . This book is pure action with people -LRB- both undead and alive -RRB- whom you care about.St . Laurue has not written this manuscript , but his deadline is less than one week , when he must take his millennium rest where he will sleep below the ground for 18 months . Also , he must have minions to keep him safe , but he has not found those to whom he must trust his existence either.These vampires have human qualities such as family ties -- a blood feud between St. Laurue , his sister Brigitte and their father the Marquis Antoine DeMalberet , who has ancient tricks to keep the kids in check . There is the Daemonion Council operatives with special powers who inadvertently get involved with the police who are searching for a serial killer.I do not want to reveal too many details , but there are so many characters and sub-plots that each page is filled with an adventure . Kirk 's descriptions are vivid with images that are memorable and frightening . Some of the scenes you might not want to `` see , '' but you will . I shuddered , checked the closets for anything amiss -- such as a vampire hiding among my clothes , and came right back to reading . He is a master storyteller , and has written a true page-turner ! By the way , as I write this review , I want to be sure the vampires know that I respect them ... just in case ... and hopefully that will get rid of the chill down my spine ... that feeling that someone is looking over my shoulder ... Though I do not normally mention the publisher , I am making an exception . The publishing company is RahuBooks . This is a new firm , and if this first book is any indication of future books , this is a winning company . The paper is heavier than other paperbacks with strong binding -LRB- for those of us who hate to have a book fall apart as we are reading it -RRB- . I give five stars to this winner . Take a ride on a roller coaster ; be scared , be tender , be drawn in , but when you open your door , do not invite a stranger into your house.Victoria Tarrani
 those are the adjectives that come to mind when I turned the last page of this incredible vampire novel ! Damion Kirk has created a memorable anti-hero in the vampire Arnaud St. Laurue , a thousand year old vampire who must enlist some minions to protect him while he takes a millennium rest that all ancient blood drinkers do and he decides to write his memoirs too ! Our rather `` evil '' hero 's mission is jeopardize on two fronts
 Bram Stoker was `` then . '' Damion Kirk is `` now , '' a writer whose prose evokes the most ghastly images of the undead and their never ending quest for the source of their sustenance . Kirk transported the classic vampire tale to our generation , relating it to our experiences and lifestyles . In doing so , he opens our minds to our deepest fears and makes the vampire St. Larue a far more realistic threat to us than Dracula ever was . A reader will find in Kirk 's words no lack of vivid mental images that will haunt the memory long after the reading . If you love a good vampire tale , you 'll love Damion Kirk 's `` Reflections . ''
 This interesting , if somewhat quirky , tale is the story of Arnaud St. Larue , a vampire who is coming to the end of his first millennium and needs to take an eighteen month nap to revitalize . In not quite a week Larue must acquire some fledglings or minions who will guard and tend his nesting spot while he sleeps the long sleep of the dead . This is made a bit more complicated by the fact that he is pursued by agents of the Daemonion Council and by his vampire father , a sorcerer of considerable strength , and a perpetual meddler in the affairs of Arnaud and his beloved sister , Brigitte.St . Larue also has become entranced by the idea of writing his memoirs , causing a publisher and a ghostwriter endless grief , and greatly upsetting his fellow vampires . Finally , Arnaud has become infected by a strange form of aids , that exaggerates his normally gruesome feeding habits and predisposes him to careless violence . As a result , the police , in the person of Detective Solomon Wiese become aware of him , and adding further risk to St. Larue 's continued survival.On the surface , this story reads a bit like a hybrid of ` Interview with a Vampire ' and ` Buffy the Vampire Slayer . ' Sexy French vampires who turn into horrific monsters when the hunger is upon them . Creatures with an array of powers awesome enough to make them virtually unconquerable . They fly , change shape , grow extra appendages , ride on the outside of airplanes , and write memoirs with the speed of summer lightning . In fact , the humans fare very poorly by comparison in this story , and the only thing that seems to be effective against Kirk 's inventions is their own coquettish unpredictability.Damion Kirk does a fine job with his characters , who are uniformly interesting in novel ways . This is less a horror story than a comedy of terrors , made notable by the conversation and action that embellish what would otherwise be a straightforward plot . In this environment conversation and inner dialogue take on great importance , and Kirk seems as comfortable with this challenge as he is with the many intricacies of plot he introduces . Kirk has bent for taking an original viewpoint . He is , to date , the only writer in some time who noticed that it is humans , not vampires , who are unable to see vampire reflections.In the end , it will not be Kirk 's skill or the amount of violence or romance that will decide the reader 's reaction to ` Reflections of a Vampire , ' but how one feels about his style of vampire . This is a problem , which plagues all writers in this genre . What powers , what vulnerabilities , are they forces of nature or spirit ? These questions directly affect the believability of the plot and the atmospherics of the tale . Personally , I found St. Larue too powerful for the purposes of the story . The same is true of his father , who is an even more extreme variation on the same theme . When vampires approach invulnerability and have a vast number of powers to call on , the plot has no choice but to become whimsical with the vampire acting as deus ex machina . I found the story quite enjoyable despite this , and many will be far less bothered by it than I am . As such I think this is a tale worth pursuing .
 I met Damion at a book signing at the World Horror Convention this year , April 2002 . Being a avid reader of vampire novels for over the past fifteen years his book intrigued me . Damion finally sold me on Reflections of a Vampire when I did not have the funds with me to purchase the book and he gave me the book with the trust I would pay him back at the end of the convention . Yes , I did pay him back.With some skepticism of a another new vampire book I started to read Reflections of a Vampire . From the first page to the last page this book grabbed my attention . Damion puts twists and turns to the vampire legend that makes Reflections a page turner . In the first chapter some fans of Anne Rice will think that Damion is just rehashing a old story line , but he is not . I do not want to give away what Damion does to put twists into the story line , because it will take away the element of suprise when you read it . By the end of the book you will want a sequal . You will want to learn about Gerard St. Laurue and his father . I can not wait to see a follow up book to Reflections of a Vampire . I would be willing to put money on that within a few years the vampire Gerard St. Laurue will be up there with such other vampire greats as Lestat from the Vampire Chronicles , Jean-Claude from the Anita Blake series by Laurell K. Hamilton , and so on .
 Here is a beautifully written and updated version of the vampire curse . In this tale , vampires must take what is referred to by nosferatu as the `` millennium rest '' , an inescapable eighteen month period each thousand years during which all vampires must rest in their graves . The vampire St. Laurue has less than a week before his millennium rest , and he must enlist minions to watch over his grave . In this stylish and fast-paced novel , you will roam the streets modern day Manhattan with St. Laurue as he searches his intended prey , the lovely Elka and 16-year-old Fury . Will he be able to turn them in time , or will he be thwarted by his vampiric father , with whom St. Laurue has been feuding for centuries ? A very original spin on the classic vampire genre ...
 I do n't like to be scared , so I avoid scary books and movies . However , I 'm 55 years old , and growing up I saw and read every Dracula , Frankenstein , and Mummy book and movie available . My teenage sons and their friends and some of my friends , read and see every new scary book and movie made today . So , sometimes , quite by accident , I 'll watch a scene or two of a rented video , or listen to a discussion of a book.I can honestly say there is no scary book or movie out today as good as REFLECTIONS OF A VAMPIRE . Make no mistake about it , this is a movie . The book reads like a script and is written in such rich language and lurid detail that the mind pictures every scene and every character on the big screen with all our modern cinema technology of morphing and flying and make-up making the unreal and unbelievable alarmingly real and believable . My son and I have already cast the movie and picked a director . A perceptive actor , director , or producer will surely discover this book and the world will see REFLECTIONS OF A VAMPIRE . It is too scary for me .
 Reflections of a Vampire is a very good , fast paced , quite entertaining , at times gruesome , well written book . It 's quite a bit more than Vampire fiction , since it has many of the elements of fantasy built in ; invisibility , blink of an eye shape-shifting , and fire beams , to mention a few . I disagree with other reviewers that this is a book in the tradition of Anne Rice . It is not . People use this comparison to the point of making it a clich&eacute; , and basically having no meaning whatsoever.As a story , this book has everything ; Vampires , a Daemonion Council , shapeshifters , a priest , a book publisher and ghost writer , policemen , minions , very graphic gore , AIDS , castles , and a host of other things to draw from . The book could easily have been twice as long with the amount of ground the author covers . Damion Kirk does do a superb job at keeping the readers interest with a quick moving story , unpredictable events , and quite a bit of action.The novel is dying for several sequels and I 'm sure I 'll read them if and when they are available . Unless you are a hard core Vampire reader , you may pass this book up since the cover price of the book is fairly high , especially for a first novel of an unknown author . It is done with quality paper and a very nice easy to read font , but still , I felt the price was out of line .
 The title says what it is - handbook on Kodak filters . I got this book because I was interested in creating anaglyphs -LRB- the red/cyan 3D images that require the funky glasses to view -RRB- and was looking for the best filter combination . Not only did this book provide what I was looking for , but it proved to be an interesting read in itself , and it broadened by understanding of filters.The primary limitation of the book is that it gives technical data only for Kodak-manufactured filters . It includes the colored filters , color correction filters , haze filters , UV filters , safelight filters and neutral density filters . The first part of the book is chapters on various types of filters , and 40 + pages in the back contain transmission vs. wavelength data , both in tabular and graphical form , for all of the Kodak filters . Other tables include spectral-transmittance bar charts , chromaticity diagrams and colorimetric data and a 4 page table to convert between density and percent transmittance.I knew I was buying a book of tables , but was pleasantly surprised by the 90 + pages on filter descriptions , application and technical information . Although a book such as Kodak 's USING FILTERS may be an easier and more in-depth read , one can learn quite a bit about filters reading this handbook . Some of the topics discussed are filter manufacturing , storage and handling , filter stability , and color temperature.Although not for a beginning photographer , I would n't hesitate to recommend this book to an advanced amateur who wants to know more about filters and how to get the most from them . Of course , pros , labs and scientists definitely should consider having this around . I also felt that it was reasonably priced .
 If you work as a professional color laboratory tech or studio photographer , this book has definitive information about the characteristics of the multitude of available filters . The information is simply available no where else in this easy-to-reference format . Be cautioned that this book is not targeted at casual amateur photogs or those learning lab techniques .
 Got this book for nursing school and have marked it up ! LOTS of information and easy to understand . Recommend for school and even a reference for other medical professionals . -LRB- Great pictures too ! -RRB-
 Studying nusring , this book has becone my life , Best medical book , covering everything ! Highly suggest this book if interested in medicine and health
 This was the first time I ever bought something off the store online , I was n't expecting it to come in on time , much or less receive it cause of all the scandaling now a days . Very impressed and ca n't wait to buy more online
 I appreciate the seller for having this book listed here on Amazon . The book was in like new condition . It arrived in the time frame that I was told and I appreciated that . I did not have to correspond with the seller . This book will help me in my studies in college and I really appreciate that I could save some money buying this book here on Amazon .
 From Abdominal Aorta to Z-Plasty you got it all with this superb medical dictionary . Even from the back of the front cover -LRB- American Sign Language & common abbreviations used in writing prescriptions -RRB- to the front of the back cover -LRB- commonly used abbreviations -RRB- this dictionary is packed with useful information placed where it will be most easily found and illustrated -LRB- such as forty-one pages of rather decent anatomical illustrations -RRB- in the front of the book along with pertinent illustrations -LRB- do n't look up cyclopedia -RRB- in a large percentage of the pages in the body of the text.Snuff dipping is explained , too - along with an excellent illustration . This Mosby 's Medical Dictionary will be useful to a wide range of students and practitioners in the science based healing arts . Physically , the book is very strongly bound and has illustrations on both front and back covers.At currently just twenty-six US dollars it is a remarkable value . Try buying a new Organic Chemistry text or a Human Physiology textbook for less than a hundred US dollars anywhere!RECOMMENDED .
 This dictionary is the best medical dictionary I 've come across . It 's full of illustrations and makes searching for things easy .
 Excellent dictionary has every term that you need , I use it everyday for school plus for my own at home , great explanations and pictures .
 this new edition of medical dictionary is comprehensive and is an excellent tool for medical students , nurses and for those who like research in the field of medicine . I strongly recommend it and I strongly believe is a must for those who like in-depth studies in the field of medicine .
 it 's been very helpful , i 'm taking medical coding and there are things i did not know so i looked it up and was very helpful . i will continue using it .
 This dictionary has come in handy for doing homework in my Pathophysiology class . Reasonable price since it has covered some topics that were not in my textbook , lectures , or searching online .
 I really like this dictionary , I wish I could get this much info in a pocket dictionary !
 It was a very good dictionary which I really found very useful for my studies .
 This is an awesome book . Thanks for quick shipping and great quality .
 Item came just as described and on time . I would definitely work with them again .
 My purchase arrived promptly , in great conditionLove the service and delivery options , Thanks
 I purchased this item for my grandson who is in training in the medical field .
 They should really raise the star point system here , because anything by Mosby is worth the buy . I have the Mosby 's Medical Dictionary for Nursing and Allied Health Professionals , and when I saw this book in the store , I was trying to figure out the difference , because of the color . This one offers just as many details as my previous book . This is important , because it is an easy read , and it is necessary for each household to have , for children to study off of , to the housewife that just wants to be informed . Mosby has been following me through nursing school , and anything they sell as a study aide will have a place in my home .
 I am currently in nursing school and I ordered this book after I had looked at a classmate 's . I already had `` Taber 's Cyclopedic Medical Dictionary '' and a `` Merck Manual '' and was happy with those until I saw my classmate 's `` Mosby 's Medical Dictionary '' . The Mosby 's is as good as the `` Taber 's '' but not as `` technical '' . What makes it better than the others is that it is great for students because it 's definitions are more simply stated but still gives the same information . It also has A LOT MORE illustrations than other medical dictionaries . It also has MANY extras like a `` Color Atlas of Human Anatomy '' -LRB- was VERY useful in Anatomy -RRB- and also an Online Resource Center that includes Assessment Guides , Health Promotion , Infection Control , Common Drug Interaction , etc. I absolutely love my `` Mosby 's '' and would n't trade it for any other medical dictionary !!!
 I ordered Tabers Cyclopedic guide first , but it arrived with some pages damaged in binding . And it seemed compressed in size and with its explanations . So I sent it back -LRB- thank you damage -RRB- and switched to Mosby 's . Hooray ! Bigger & better & more thorough with LOTS of pictures . The words searched for are printed in blue , with the definitions in black , making it easy to scan for your subject . Lucky me .
 I bought Mosby 's because it 's easy to read and look up medical terms . I 'm learning the language and this book is formatted for easy readability . The numerous illustrations are all in color which I found informative . It 's definitely a user-friendly dictionary .
 Great pictures and well written . I wonder why I waited 15 years to replace my medical dictionary .
 After working in factories all my life and recently losing my job due to outsourcing I felt I needed a career change . I enrolled in the medical terminology class in my area and ordered the Mosby 's Medical Dictionary . My initial reason for choosing Mosby 's was the price . I was extremely happy with the purchase I made once I received the book and started looking through it . I love that it is loaded with color photographs and illustrations . The only thing I wish this dictionary had was thumb index , but I can live without it .
 It covers a broad range of medical terminology in an easy to understand format .
 I have had a Stedman 's and Taber 's medical dictionary for years -LRB- 20 + -RRB- and they had gotten a bit long in the tooth so I bought this book and Dorland 's Illustrated Medical Dictionary as I thought Dorland 's looked slightly better than Stedman 's . I decided to compare definitions of a word in both books and Mosby 's definition was impressive enough to have me make the purchase -LRB- amiodarone was the word , a cardiovascular drug -RRB- . I used it while studying for a recertification examination and found it by my side as I went through several other books.This book was the single best resource I had after purchasing almost $ 1k worth of new books!The quantity of definitions may not exceed Dorlands , but the QUALITY of the definitions is SUPERB . You get not only a skeleton , minimalist definition but a mini-tutorial of each topic . Just the dermatology related definitions alone with pictures kept me from buying a dermatology book . Definition after definition I looked up - and this went well over a thousand words , perhaps 2 or 3k words - resulted in getting an excellent authoritative discussion of a topic , giving the most salient points in a concise and highly readable form . I had in excess of a 99 % ` hit rate ' of finding highly useful information with each lookup . Doing this with Dorland 's gave me the most trivial definitions in comparison , often little more than the pronunciation of the word and a circular reference to another definition . I gave up after about 100 words as an exercise in time wasting.I put this book right up there with the Merck Manual as absolute must haves for any serious student of medicine - from the senior specialist to the beginning nursing student . I give it the highest accolades.I have two more words for how this helped me study for my exam - THANK YOU !
 I am enjoying the book . It has been a good reference for my research and for my papers .
 Once I received my book , I dug into it right away . I am in school for medical billing and coding and find , at times , while in class I am unaware of the many medical terms and illnesses . This book was referred as a basis of being up on the latest and greatest of medical terminology , key term vocabulary , illustrations , etc. . I find this book a very rewarding asset to my future goal in the healthcare industry . It was a blessing to be able to acquire this material and at a very reasonable cost . Thanks Amazon.com for making studies even more enjoyable than I thought !
 I am entering the medical field , and this book is extremely helpful . Very in depth and up-to-date . Mosby 's pictures and definitions are beyond detailed . I would recommend this dictionary to anyone , including doctors .
 This dictionary was bought for my wife studying to become a LicensedMassage Therapist . In the course of her Physiology studies it becameapparent that for the terminology being used required a stronger , moreprecise definition to her study even more than her Physiology book.Thismet her need and has been a tool that will become part of her workinglibrary.Jack Watson
 I am glad I bought this one to cross reference and for more thorough definition for my med term course ; it got lots of vivid pictures which I even like . I highly recommend this book .
 This book is filled with useful info . I am studying to become a nurse and this book has helped a bunch . The book was in perfect condition
 I really do like using Mosby 's Medical Dictionary because it is an easy print to read . I am currently taking an Internet course in Medical Terminology . When I do n't understand a word I quickly look it up in Mosby 's Medical Dictionary for more clarification . The graphic pictures are excellent . In addition , I will be purchasing Mosby 's Medical , Nursing , & Allied Health Dictionary .
 I studied in a division of medicine back in the late eighties and early nineties , so I already had a Mosby 's from that time . My older dictionary has none of the illuminating photos that would have been so much more useful than waiting until an actual patient with a disorder came under my care . While I still have my anatomy and physiology text and my Math for Meds book of conversions , having these features included in my new dictionary saves me time . I read an unfavorable review stating that conversions were n't included in this volume , but this is wrong.Now that I have retired , I find it particularly useful to have access to this kind of information at my fingertips . Both my family and friends who need help understanding their medical conditions appreciate seeing as well as reading about whatever they were told in the doctor 's office . The language in this book is user friendly enough for my ten-year-old to learn from . Worth every penny !
 I purchased the Mosby 's Medical Dictionary and I am extremely pleased with it . It has many color photos throughout the book so you can see examples of diseases , skin disorders , etc. . It is a great book , well worth the money , and I would highly recommend it to anyone .
 well written , easy to reference topics , perfect for the nursing student without a lot of extra reading time .
 I 'm in a medical school , and I find this book insanely useful ... even for very elementary things . It has EVERYTHING in it and I do n't regret buying it for a second :-RRB- .
 I found Mosby Medical Dictionary to be very informative and descriptive , especially for a visual experience . I would highly recommend it to students and teachers . Normally , I would purchase Tabers as it was updated but I must say I 'm impressed with Mosby 's medical dictionary . It is very graphic , lot 's of pictures , the only downside is that some pictures may be disturbing to some people .
 This dictionary is a great resource . It is full of wonderful color pictures and are very interesting . This book has helped me in many of my classes this semester .
 This book is great for a medical student who are studying and and need an image to refer to . This book has the best illistrations and pictures for those who are studying .
 easy use with larger print . great pictures for ease of understanding . Best dictionary that I have purchased .
 I love this text it is filled with great pictures to help you understand what they are talking about . It also has easy to understand reading . Very thuroughly put together !
 Excellent dictionary for anyone entering or already in the health care field , with very detailed descriptions and color illustrations of definitions . No letter tabs for getting started on the outside is my only con , but it 's very easy to use without tabs . I chose this over Taber 's to provide more depth after reading some other reviews from med students . I have used this in Anatomy and medical terms classes with great success . I would recommend to anyone needing a high quality medical dictionary .
 I 'm taking my first anatomy and physiology course . Mosby 's has been a fantastic resource when the book uses terms I do n't understand or I need a better definition beyond what the textbook provides . The pictures are also very helpful in understanding concepts or being able to see what a condition actually looks like . I highly recommend it for new students and I suspect I 'll continue to use it in a number of future courses as well .
 I 'm satisfied with the amount of information this dictionary has to offer and it 's easy to understand .
 As a medical coder , I 'm looking for a medical reference that will give me definitions of anything medical . This is a great reference and it has already proven very helpful . Only a few things missing , in my opinion
 I bought this book to compliment my Taber 's Medical Dictionary . I 'm glad that I did . I found that some of the diseases in Taber 's were vague and when I looked them up in Mosby 's I found easy to understand definitions with lots of pictures of diseases .
 and the book just gets more exciting from there . Matt Dodson and Tex Jarman are candidates for the position ofcadet in the Interplanetary Patrol . What is the InterplanetaryPatrol ? It 's not a military organization . What ?! I said it 's not amilitary organization . It 's repository for weapons too dangerous to be entrusted to the military . Heinlein explainsit better than I can . He says
 I got this book for Christmas when I turned twenty . It sat on myself for years before I decided to read it , I wanted to kick myself for waiting so long . I think it is a great book ... This one deserved a movie not Starship Troopers , even though that was an excellent book as well .
 What if there was an organization that was part local police force and part U.N. peacekeeping force ? That 's Robert A. Heinlein 's Interplanetary Patrol in the classic 1948 science fiction novel Space Cadet . It 's the story of two prospective cadets . Matt Dodson and Tex Jarman meet on the way to the Patrol Academy , which like the Air Force Academy , is in Colorado . The other candidates , Girard Burke , Oscar Jensen , and Pierre Armand , are taken under the wings of various oldsters -- cadets who 've graduated but have n't yet been commissioned.One of these oldsters , Cadet Sabatello , is the adviser for Matt , Tex , Oscar , and Pierre . Their tests range from the ridiculous to the sublime . The drop test is the hardest of all . They 're soon graduated and go to the Academy 's school ship , the P.R.S. Randolph , and they 're later assigned to various ships . Burke resigns and turns up on Venus . There 's trouble in the equatorial region of Venus and Burke 's responsible for it . Matt , Tex , Oscar , and Lieutenant Thurlow , go to down to Venus to check it out . Their jeep lands in a sink hole and sinks . Oscar breaks his arm in the disaster , Matt and Tex take a comatose Lieutenant Thurlow through the Venerian jungles . Oscar summons the little people and they take them to their city underneath a Venerian lake . They finally return to the jungles of Venus and recommission the P.R.S. Astarte , a ship that was decommissioned over a hundred years earlier . I 've read this book so many times since 1978 that I 've lost count and I think it would make a good movie .
 Kip Russell always wanted to go to the moon . He was in his backyard in old space suit named Oscar . He 's with his next door neighbor , Ellie , when they 're abducted by aliens and go to the moon and other planets . Blair Colquhoun @cybertours . com
 At the beginning of this book , Matt Dodson meets Tex Jarman . Both are candidates for the position of cadet in the Interplanetary Patrol , an organi - zation that 's a cross between a U.N. peace-keeping force and the local police . Its main purpose is to prevent war . We see Matt , Tex , Oscar , Pierre , and Girard Burke from their entry to their assign - ment to their various ships . Blair Colquhoun @cybertours . com
 Space Cadet is about a young man trying to make it in the Space armed force . It is very entertaining to read .
 I am a faculty member at a law school . When we considered revamping our curriculum , I gave the committee members passages from this book to read , where the Academy 's approach is made clear . Universally , the response was
 I have heard this book dismissed as `` just another space cadet story . '' Check the date of publication -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , this is THE first space cadet story . It started the genre . I 've also heard it dismissed as a `` kid 's book . '' A `` kid 's book '' would not have stuck in my memory for four decades now and provided me with inspiration and a model when I most needed it . A `` kid 's book '' would n't have inspired me to stick out high school and college physics and mathematics instead of just throwing in the towel . It was remembering the example of this book , and _ Starman Jones _ , that got me through Calculus . I just wish the rest of the world would have lived up to the high ideals expressed in these books ... I recently reread this tale after many years . I was amazed at how `` nondated '' it was . Heinlein has a perfect description of cell phones and cell towers . Something else finally hit me too - this is where Gene Roddenbury got most of his ideas for Star Trek . Heinlein actuallly uses the term `` the Federation . '' His Interplanetary Patrol is obviously the inspiration for Star Fleet with it 's noble ideals , multi-cultural make-up -LRB- in 1948 -RRB- , it 's commitment to keeping the peace , and it 's 100 year record of keeping the peace -LRB- a phrase right out of Trek . -RRB- The importance of the Academy and its naval style of organization came from Heinlein , the Annapolis graduate . The way that the organization is entirely composed of officers and officers in training - that 's also pure Star Trek . Heinlein wrote of all this almost 20 years before Star Trek aired ...
 One of my favorites by Heinlein , this book is a great one kids who are getting interested in Sci-Fi . It contains a pretty good adventure story , with enough military sci-fi flavoring to keep you interested throughout the portion of the book where our hero is being trained . I finished this , and I had to track down the short story `` The Long Watch '' by Heinlein , to read it again so I fully understood the references contained within Space Cadet . You may also wish to read it first , it can be found in `` The Past Through Tomorrow '' by Heinlein , as well as several other of his books , I 'm sure .
 I am in my early twenties and did n't know about Heinlen until I turned 12 . He was not on my recommended reading list as my parents knew my tendency , which began around my 8th year , to read everything by an author if I liked one of their titles . I think they were nervous about the compatibility of Stranger In a Strange Land for an 8 - 10 year old . I did not discover Heinlein 's juvies until I was in my early twenties , which I still have n't left . I had read much of Heinlen 's more mature material in my ` teens , some of it before I was ready for it . Therefore , when I read SPACE CADET , I approached it with a mind toward how it would have affected me if I had read it earlier in life . So doing , I was highly impressed with his work.There seems to be some contention concerning the relation of this book to his better-known STARSHIP TROOPERS . Regardless of other subject matter , I think that there is a legitimate connection between the principles that he was promoting in both . The main difference in the two books is the age group and the times he was writing for , since the adventures that entertained children and older youths in the nineteen-forties or fifties would probably not have held the attention or provided equal entertainment for those more advanced in years and less innocent in outlook.Heinlen rarely wrote anything without a point , and in SPACE CADET he promoted concepts of personal responsibility to society , spoke against racism -LRB- VERY progressive for 1948 -RRB- , warned of the practical disadvantages of drinking , congratulated honoring one 's parents in the face of parental ignorance , advocated a strong military defense capability even as he pronounced the lofty goal of a lasting peace , and celebrated study and productive activity over immature destructive behaviors . He did all of this with very little moral grandstanding or preaching , and even the few speeches he included contained enough serious drama and ironic humor to keep almost anyone buried in the story.What Heinlen achieved , in short , is a remarkable work of juvenile fiction ; active , adventurous , fanciful only in its dated depiction of a possible Venus , never slowing down , just utopian enough for those who retain some innocence , just worldly practical enough to encourage thinking and the abandonment of naivet&eacute; , as full of turmoil and new things and `` what-do-I-want-to-do-with-my-life '' questionings as will cause mental weight lifting and big dreams in most brains from 8 to 80 . Maybe the story is somewhat old-fashioned , maybe a lot of people would rather watch something mindless than read something that is at all dated . However , I can honestly state my absolute opinion that if anyone picks up this book and , with an open mind , pays attention to it , it will demonstrate to them practical lessons that a lot of people , these days , seem to be in need of learning.Also , it 's just a titanic chunk of fun for anyone who loves , or is being introduced to the love of hard sci-fi .
 A long time ago , when Space Cadet and it 's companion , Tunnel in the Sky , were first published , chapters from both were read aloud to me -LRB- and my fellow classmates -RRB- in the sixth grade by a remarkable public school teacher . He understood that the underlying lessons in civic responsibility would remain with us ... we just thought at the time these were ripping good stories . Over the years I 've re-read both until my copies fell apart . He was right , the political lessons are as relevant today as they were when they were written . Not just for kids ...
 This may be the last Heinlein novella written in his ` young boys ' Amazing-magazine era , or it may be the first book he wrote as he started aiming for a little older audience . I do n't know how to judge - I read Stranger when I was 10 so my views are clouded . Needless to say , this is a truly great piece of science fiction . There is no gibson-esque drug use , no later-Heinlein gratuitous sex , no Neal Stephenson rock and roll ... and yet , there is a true innocense to this book . It is like the fabled children 's story written for adults , something like what Harry Potter almost accomplished . You read it , you watch Wennie-the-pooh , you listen to that one favorite piece of music ... you ca n't help but smile , ca n't help but enjoy it . This is the quintessential story of Starship Troopers ... except with people fighting with but their wits and their innate charm , not a bazooka and a jumpsuit . THIS IS NOT A BOOK FOR YOU BIG FLYING SHIP XWING FANS ! This is for the Hari Seldon fans , the people who read Stranger in a Strange Land and like Jubal Harshaw the best . Ahhh , the innocense of youth !
 Although Heinlein is now more well known , and will probably be remembered , for his later , more ambitious adult novels -LRB- Starship Troopers , Stranger In A Strange Land -RRB- , his more important contribution to the field of science fiction may well have been his earlier novels intended for teens . These juvenile books - or `` juvies '' , as they were then called - although notably less heavy on the dialogue and philosophy that would come to color later works -LRB- as well as being somewhat inevitably dated due to the fact that they were written half a century ago -RRB- , are more than just your average run-of-the-mill youth fiction , and they have stood the test of time - and were , in fact , major contributions to the field of science fiction . You may well wonder why . The simple fact is that many scientists , engineers , and astronauts working today -LRB- just take a poll at NASA -RRB- were inspired to enter the field by these works of Robert A. Heinlein . It 's no small wondert that NASA gave Heinlein a posthumous Distinguished Public Service Medal - their highest civilian honor . -LRB- They also helped pull the field of science fiction out of a mere genre niche into the mainstream
 It 's too easy to dismiss Heinlein 's juveniles as books for kids . Too easy , and too simplistic . As a kid , this was my favorite book about adventures in space . I just re-read it , and was amazed at the depth of presentation in a book easily enjoyed by children . The Venusian frame of mind is both alien and understandable . The ideas of boys becoming men , confused and excited by their new surroundings is real . And the approach to civic duty that a young officer learns , and his total inability to explain it to some civilians , is heart-breakingly real .
 I have just finished reading this book for the tenth time . Each time I find it humorous and enjoyable . It is written in a style that is easy to read . However , more complex ideas are also incorporated . The characters are easy to like and surprisingly realistic . The book presents a very interesting look at life in space as well as a political system . I would recomend it to anyone who likes to laugh . Recently I loned it to a friend of mine and she could n't put it down . The book is a quick read and I would suggest it as an airplane book because it would easily distract you from the wretched airplane flight .
 I first read it in 6th grade and every year since i have read it , some years even twice . This book introduced me to Heinlein and I have been caught on him since .
 This book was absolutely great . I had read `` Stranger in a Strange Land '' and `` Starship Troopers '' , both of which I trully enjoyed . I had finished reading all the books I had and was looking through the bookstore when I came upon this one , I gave it a shot , and I am glad I did . I am now looking through Amazon hoping to find a sequel to this by Heinlein -LRB- though I doubt there is one -RRB- . Anyhow I bet I 'll probably read this one again before summer is over .
 I first read this book in 1970 , a time that seems so long ago now it 's hard to remember just what it was like . I happened upon it on my school library shelves , among the `` H '' books , among five other Heinleins . I read all of them , but this one was still the one that impressed me the most . Even though it 's been nearly fifty years after its first publication , even though things did n't work out like Heinlein proposed , I can still recommend this as a good book to jump-start someone 's interest in science fiction .
 After seeing ` Star Wars ' at age ten , and being introduced to an entirely new way of thinking , I wound up checking this book out at my school 's library . Wow . I 'm so glad a Heinlein book was my first foray into written SF - no telling what might 've happened if I 'd tried something bad ! This book is still my favourite of Heinlein 's works , and not entirely because of nostalgia , either .
 Shipping was quick and the condition of this used paperback book was as described . I was completely satisfied with this purchase .
 Follow young Matt Dodson as he enters the academy in hopes of becoming a Space Cadet . Matt makes friends with Tex , who always has amusing tales about his Uncle Bodie , and a few others , as lessons are learned ... usually the hard way.Space Cadets are the elite guard of the solar system . They accept missions others fear , take risks no others dare , and uphold the peace of the solar system for the benefit of all . -LRB- Much like the Jedi Order ! -RRB- This novel will take you from Earth , to Mars , to Venus , and beyond . Matt and his friends are tested in the most severe and extraordinary ways that will change them forever , but still not prepare them for the alien treacheries that await . **** If you have never read a novel by Robert A. Heinlein , then please keep in mind that this was written in the year 1948 . The author renewed the copyright in 1975 . I stress this because even though the story begins in July 2075 , there are a few references to events that supposably happened in OUR past , such as the notation of the person who created the Patrol 's Tradition who lived 1969 - 1996 . The fact that Robert A. Heinlein 's novels are still being published today clearly expresses how outstanding readers find his science fiction novels . Once you read this , or any other novel by Heinlein , you will have no doubt as to how the man came about being crowned `` The Master of Science Fiction '' . **** Reviewed by Detra Fitch of Huntress Reviews .
 Think about the episode in the beginning when Matt 's phone rings in the middle of a crowd . `` So what , his parents called his cellphone '' you may say . However , this was just pure fantasy in 1948 .
 I was lucky that my perants had a copy of this book sitting around for my whole life and discovered it early . No book has moved me as much as this one , especially when I was at a young age and just learning about life bumps.This book should be on every boys reading list whether planning to join the Cadets or questioning there own fight to find out who they really are.This book is -LRB- was -RRB- the ultimate . Even now , grown beyond my adolescence I think fondly of this book that took me through my military training .
 This book is an excellent adventure in the Heinlein series . He once again creates a captivating set of charecters that drwas the auidence in . The story is set in space , as the main charecter is attempting to become a part of the elite space patrol . It is a story about duty , honor , and becoming a man with responsibility
 I think this one was actually written more for both kids and adults ... it 's sort of a watered down Starship Troopers , but while that book was harsh and brutal , this one is much more lighthearted ... there 's some seriousness to it but it 's more of the `` aw gee whiz I hope we make it '' type of deal . It follows the tale of a group of young adults who wish to join the Space Patrol , a guardian force -LRB- the quote they use as a slogan is the Latin form of `` Who Watches the Watchmen '' for those who read Alan Moore -RRB- that 's fairly hard to get into -LRB- harder than the Marines , even ! -RRB- ... and so we witness the truimph and tragedy of these three or four youngsters as they go through training and more training to get to where they want to be . Most of the characters are n't what you 'd call well rounded , Matt Dodson is about the best , Tex is utterly annoying , a good ol' boy redneck who if he mentioned is `` Uncle Bodie '' one more blasted time I was going to throw the book across the room , while the other two mostly are ciphers , sort of there to help the plot move along . Needless to say , the adventures they sustain are highly interesting , Heinlein interjects a lot of stuff that adults can think about , stuff about the role of a peacekeeping force , whether you can atom bomb your hometown , meaty stuff like that . The `` golly gee whillickers '' factor is pretty high unfortunately , but remember we 're talking SF written for kids in the fifties , we 're lucky that we have the sophication it does and Heinlein was light years ahead of just about everyone but Asimov . It winds up on Venus -LRB- again , were n't we just here in Between Planets ? -RRB- and the natives there turn out to be the most interestingly worked out part ... and even they 're just tossed off . The climax comes completely out of nowhere -LRB- they can synthesize liquid oxygen ... come on , but it was a different time kids -RRB- but it all ends happily and you ca n't complain that it 's not entertaining . Again , light read that probably is n't worth the high paperback price today , but if you see it used snap it up for yourself or a younger relative , you wo n't be sorry .
 Matt , along with Tex , Oscar and Pierre , join the Interplanetary Patrol . The four make their way through training and embark upon their first tour of duty.I have mixed feelings about this book . Originally I was going to dock a few stars for it 's rather pedestrian story , rife with simplistic mentalities of the 40s and 50s . Then I found myself remembering my reading adventures when I was 11 or 12 . I would have loved this book . Even now , years later , I briefly wished that I too could join the Interplanetary Patrol and zoom around the solar system . Heinlein wrote great escapism for boys -LRB- and perhaps a few men -RRB- . My main complaint is the truly abominable deus ex machina ending . While it does n't completely taint the book , it 's bad enough that I can not , in good conscience , give this book 5 stars .
 I love this book , it 's real science fiction , when so often i find that everything is so clutters with Fantasy or some other stuff -LRB- not that i mind but still ... -RRB- this book was what they had in mind when they came up with the term SCIENCE FICTION !
 First published in 1948 , Space Cadet is one of Heinlein 's earliest sf juveniles . I remember loving it when I was a teenager . Those years are long past , but when I recently reread the novel , I recaptured at least some of the sense of wonder I felt when I read it as a kid . Science fiction has become more sophisticated in the intervening years -LRB- at least some of it has -RRB- , but the art of storytelling never grows old , and Heinlein was a master storyteller.Space Cadet has a tight , engaging plot that begins with Matt Dodson joining the Space Cadets and ends with an adventure on Venus . Dodson is a strong character who would be especially appealing to teens -- he 's able to overcome self-doubt , gains maturity , and learns -LRB- while making use of a leave to visit his parents -RRB- that `` you ca n't go home again . '' The only other character in the novel with any personality is Matt 's fellow cadet Tex , who likes to repeat his Uncle Bodie 's tall tales , adding some humor to the story . The aliens Heinlein envisions living on Venus are credible -LRB- at least by 1948 standards , and in any event more credible than most of the lizard-like aliens that dominate sf movies -RRB- , and the novel has something useful to say about prejudice against those who are outwardly different.Space Cadet has n't lost much of its charm in the six-plus decades since its first publication . I would give it 41/2 stars if Amazon offered that option .
 Space Cadet -LRB- 1948 -RRB- is the second SF novel in the Juvenile series , followingRocket Ship Galileo . It is set several decades in the future when colonies have been established on the inner planets and the moons of Jupiter . It also occurs during a time of peace for humanity.In this novel , Matthew Brooks Dodson is a young man from Des Moines , Iowa . Matt has passed the field elimination tests and is reporting to Hayworth Hall -- Academy Headquarters -- for more tests.Tex Jarman is another candidate at Hayworth Hall . Naturally , he is from Texas . He has an Uncle Bodie who has been everywhere and done everything better than anyone else ... or so Tex says.Oscar Jenson is a candidate from Venus . His version of Basic has been influenced by the Venerians , giving it a slight hiss.Pierre Armand is a candidate from Ganymede . It took Pete two years to reach Hayworth Hall from his home.In this story , on July 1 , 2075 , Matt meets Tex on the slidewalk to Hayworth Hall . After reaching the building , they discover that the atrium contains the USSF Rocket Ship Kilroy Was Here , the first ship to return from Mars . While they were admiring the exhibit , Oscar and Pete join them to discuss the history.At first , the candidates are assigned randomly to double rooms . Matt finds himself rooming with Girald Burke . Although he does n't like the cynical youth , Matt vows to hold his temper until he can arrange more compatible company.Matt finds the environment to be unlike most of his experiences , although , as a scout , he has some familiarity with communal living . The dining halls are familiar . But Tex has a run-in with the passed cadet in charge of his table.After the current round of tests are completed , remaining candidates are sworn into the Patrol . They are issued their whites and a book of regulations . Then they are taken to the PRS Randolph , the ship that is the Interplanetary Patrol Academy.On the Randolph , Matt finds his days filled with studying , drills , labs , and occasional periods of sleep . He is having trouble with astrogation and considers a transfer to the Space Marines . Then he starts performing up to standard and gets the duty of guiding another class of cadets into the Randolph.Matt has temporary duty on a bomb-rocket , followed by his first leave . He finds his home smaller and his relatives and friends very ignorant about the Patrol . Matt discovers that he has outgrown his family.This tale takes Matt , Tex and Oscar into the Asteroid Belt and then to Venus . There they respond to a call for help from Venus . To their surprise , they encounter Girald Burke on Venus.The story has some incompatibilities with Between Planet , which also includes Venusian natives . Similar incongruities occur with the Mars natives in Red Planet and Between Planets . However , the Juvenile novels are not as well integrated as the Future History series.This novel is slower paced than others in the series . The first half is mostly about Matt 's academic and technical training . But the action picks up in the second half . Read and enjoy!Highly recommended for Heinlein fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of space academies , interplanetary adventure , and young spacemen.-Arthur W. Jordin
 My title does not have the ring that `` Tom Corbett
 Follow young Matt Dodson as he enters the academy in hopes of becoming a Space Cadet . Matt makes friends with Tex , who always has amusing tales about his Uncle Bodie , and a few others , as lessons are learned ... usually the hard way.Space Cadets are the elite guard of the solar system . They accept missions others fear , take risks no others dare , and uphold the peace of the solar system for the benefit of all . -LRB- Much like the Jedi Order ! -RRB- This novel will take you from Earth , to Mars , to Venus , and beyond . Matt and his friends are tested in the most severe and extraordinary ways that will change them forever , but still not prepare them for the alien treacheries that await . **** If you have never read a novel by Robert A. Heinlein , then please keep in mind that this was written in the year 1948 . The author renewed the copyright in 1975 . I stress this because even though the story begins in July 2075 , there are a few references to events that supposably happened in OUR past , such as the notation of the person who created the Patrol 's Tradition who lived 1969 - 1996 . The fact that Robert A. Heinlein 's novels are still being published today clearly expresses how outstanding readers find his science fiction novels . Once you read this , or any other novel by Heinlein , you will have no doubt as to how the man came about being crowned `` The Master of Science Fiction '' . **** Reviewed by Detra Fitch of Huntress Reviews .
 This is an extremely dated , simplistic story ... but , as with all Heinlein books , it 's well worth the reading !
 This brief but pungent book may have gotten Fuller retired ahead of his personal schedule . It 's a good read and very relevant today , despite its WWI orientation . If I have a quibble it 's that Fuller focuses on three or four `` diseases '' one of which is age . His age arguments are over-emphasized - if you look at the rampant mediocrity -LRB- even incompetence -RRB- of today 's generals , you 'll notice that these are men in the age cohort Fuller sees as optimal . Nevertheless , very apt , very important , very timely .
 JFC Fuller has always been erudite and his reaction to the general-ship in World War I makes an excellent read.I however do wish that the digitisation had been better since each page needs a change of font size in this Kindle edition , when read on an I pad .
 Putting things in perspective is only part of what Eduardo learns as he attempts to `` measure up '' to the RULERS . A super little bilingual story on learning how to prioritize our duties .
 In one of his several brilliant studies of leadership , Organizing Genius , Warren Bennis examines high-performance teams such as those associated with the Disney studios -LRB- which created the first full-length animation film , Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs -RRB- , the Manhattan Project , Xerox 's PARC , and Lockheed 's `` Skunk Works . '' But if your own organization has few -LRB- if any -RRB- geniuses , what are the best strategies for unleashing the potential of both collaborative teamwork and individual leadership ? Katzenbach is himself the author or co-author of a number of brilliantly conceived and executed studies , notably The Wisdom of Teams and Real Change Leaders . In this book , his central thesis is that `` an integrated balance of real team , individual , and single-leader working group performance is both possible and desirable at the top -- not that one mode is intrinsically better than the other . '' The key phrase is `` integrated balance . '' Whatever the size and nature of your organization , Katzenbach offers `` three major messages '' :1 . The best senior leadership groups are rarely a true team at the top -- although they can and do function as real teams when major , unexpected events prompt that behavior .2 . Most of the team members can optimize their performance as a group by consciously working to obtain a better balance between their team and non-team efforts -- rather than by trying to become an ongoing single team .3 . The secret to better balance lies in learning to integrate the discipline required for team performance with the discipline of executive -LRB- single-leader -RRB- behavior -- not in replacing one with the other.This third `` message '' is especially relevant to smaller companies , probably privately-owned , in which the CEO -LRB- the archetypical single-leader -RRB- is either the founder or related to the founder . In such companies , the need for an `` integrated balance '' may be even greater than it is for much larger organizations . Katzenbach organizes his material within nine chapters . Rather than list their titles , I have selected a few key passages which , hopefully , will suggest the potential value of this book to you and your own organization 's specific needs and interests.Executive Leadership Discipline requires an individual to `` create and maintain urgency , resolve the critical strategic issues , enforce individual accountability , leverage executive time , make the tough decisions individually , pick the best individuals for the key jobs , and periodically raise the bar . '' -LRB- Chapter One -RRB- `` The notion of ` leadership capacity ' implies a system of leadership , if you will , that can extract leadership wisdom , insight , and behaviors from many more individuals . -LSB- This is obviously essential to concensus-building . -RSB- Thus it fuels the continuing search for different kinds of leadership approaches , both individual and joint , at all levels of the organization . '' -LRB- Chapter Three -RRB- Team Leadership Discipline requires members to `` create a meaningful purpose , commit to a team performance goals , be mutually accountable -LRB- no member can fail ... only the team fails -RRB- , commit to real work , share decision among members , strive for the right skill mix , and establish the height of the bar . '' -LRB- Chapter Four -RRB- `` Integrating real team performance with executive leadership performance requires both a sharp understanding of the differences between the two two disciplines required and a relentless determination to integrate the two . It is hard work , counterintuitive , and outside the comfort zone of most senior executives . Nevertheless , it is well worth the effort . '' -LRB- Chapter Nine -RRB- In Appendix B , Katzenbach offers this definition of a real team
 Companies all across the economic spectrum are making use of teams . They go by a variety of names and can be found at all levels . In fact , you are likely to find the group at the very top of an organization professing to be a team . But even in the best of companies , a so-called top team seldom functions as a real team . Jon Katzenbach , states that a team effort at the top can be essential to capturing the highest performance results possible -- when the conditions are right . Good leadership requires differentiating between team and nonteam opportunities , and then acting accordingly.Three litmus tests must be passed for a team at the top to be effective . First , the team must shape collective work products -- these are tangible performance results that the group can achieve working together that surpass what the team members could have achieved working on their own . Second , the leadership role must shift , depending on the task at hand . And third , the team 's members must be mutually accountable for the group 's results.When these criteria can be met , senior executives should come together to achieve real team performance . When the criteria can not be met , they should rely on the individual leadership skills that they have honed over the years .
 Wawro 's book studies a critical , and often overlooked , part of the legislative process
 A friend gave me this book -LRB- the spiral edition -RRB- in 1973 , and it truly changed my life -- I became a vegetarian immediately . This is where I learned how to cook and eat all kinds of food that I 'd never seen before , especially beans . I am not crazy about the `` breakfast '' recipes , but the breads in this cookbook are great . I have over a hundred cookbooks , and I still make the lasagne with adzuki beans -LRB- complicated -RRB- and the potato soup -LRB- easy -RRB- . Almost every page in my book is either stained or annotated or both.The only disadvantage to this cookbook is that many recipes call for dairy products and eggs -- things that I still enjoy after 29 years , but that I am not allowed to eat as often these days!This is a classic , educational cookbook for vegetarians .
 This book , with it 's emphasis on tasty recipes and easy to understand information on balancing proteins , is a ` must read/must own ' book for anyone considering a vegetarian diet , or even for those who just want to add some variety to a traditional diet . This book is the foundation for a healthier eating , and I recommend it to all .
 This is a great cookbook ! The reason I only gave it 4 stars is becaus the cookbook is bound in a regular book format so it is very difficult to place on the counter top or in a recipe hook holder when you cook . The original version was spiral bound which was great ! All cookbooks should come spiral bound !!! My two primary cookbooks in the kitchen are this one and More With Less -LRB- which incidently is actually spiral bound -RRB- !
 When I had decided to become vegetarian some 33 years ago , I had no idea what I was doing and got very sick within a few days . I did not realize how difficult it was to go from meat and potatoes to having veggies be more than a side dish and garnish . A friend who was an Episcopal Priest , Charles Pedersen , recommended the book . After eating a few of the recipes , especially the quiches , I was healthy again and have been able to be consistently and happily vegetarian since then . Although after 8 years of being lacto ovo vegetarian I shifted to becoming vegan , I still remember the book with fondness and am thankful for the healthy and nutritious recipes . I have passed on more than a few copies to others who are starting their vegetarian journey and found others have enjoyed it as well .
 Though one reviewer felt the format of this book was a poor choice , I found it to be perfect . I can leave a spare copy with one of my grocery bags so that I can pick out a new recipe or two while at the grocery store . I find that this lets me find the freshest foods available.What I like most about this book is that with a little preperation and fore thought , you can do much of your cooking for meals in advance , and just combine ingredients and heat when meal time comes . This can be done because many of the recipes call for `` cooked rice '' or `` cooked peas '' . I find that this also allows you to use leftovers up quickly , in new recipes.One note , though , is that this book is not Vegan by any means . Many of the recipes call for dairy products and eggs.Overall , it is a lovely lovely book and a must for those trying to live lightly on the earth .
 I bought this cookbook to replace a copy that I had used and loved so much that it was falling apart . The recipes in this book are great and the information on healthful eating is good even 20 + years after its publication . I have lots of newer cookbooks , but this is one of my favorites . Try the banana bread recipe on page 253 .
 With lots of milk , eggs , and cheese , many of the recipes are `` stick to the ribs '' vegetarian . I consider it the `` old-fashioned '' vegetarian style and sometimes , that 's just what I want . A great companion to Diet for a Small Planet .
 This is a book that I have bought three times now over a period of many years , as a gift and replacement for a copy lent and not returned . Two of the copies have been bought through Amazon , and I have been more than happy with the condition of the product and the delivery time .
 I 've owned this book for decades and have made a few of the recipes dozens of times.I have the spiral bound version and , while the binding is fine , the paper is very poor and many of the pages in mine are rotten with age and falling to bits.I would be happy to pay real money for a new edition printed on thick glossy durable paper and spiral bound . This can be done ! Alternatively , a . pdf version that I could print off myself at home would be nice to have.As mentioned by others , just because a recipe is vegetarian does n't mean it 's low fat or low in empty calories from refined sugar . I 'm not a vegan but do n't use butter and very seldom use eggs . 15 years ago , I used egg substitute from the bulk food store but I do n't bother any more . Some recipes just need real eggs.Some of the ingredients listed are hard to find . I 've never run across `` soy grits '' anywhere .
 Great book for vegetarian recipes . Great for a new vegetarian oranyone who enjoys meatless recipes .
 As pertinent today as it was 25 years ago ! I give this to a collegue 30 years younger than myself and she loves it .
 This is a gift for a young woman who has recently decided to become vegetarian , but does not have much knowledge of vegetarianism or how to go about it properly .
 Nevil Shute 's gentle and very clever way of telling a story really shines here . This one sneaks up on you as you slowly find yourself caught up in the emotions of the characters , all of whose lives have been forever shaped and scarred by their experiences in WWII . Masterfully told in partial flashback , the mystery of the suicide of a parlourmaid at an Australian sheep station turns out to have profound implications for everyone involved in her life . A deeply moving and haunting novel , Mr. Shute deftly shows us how `` Like some infernal monster , still venemous in death , a war can go on killing people for a long time after it 's all over . `` This is a stunning novel by a master storyteller . Highly recommended.NOTE
 One of Nevil Shute 's best stories , second only to Town Like Alice - his greatest book -LRB- and wonderful film ! -RRB- Story is during and after WWII , with lots of good descriptions of the desolate center of Australia interlaced with a beautiful love story of two people trying to find each other . The two main characters are very likeable , you root for them - but there is a very unpexpected twist towards the end of the book . The `` wren '' is not a bird , but a Royal Naval Nurse . I have read this book 3 or 4 times over 25 years and I highly recommend it , although it is difficult to find outside of England . It is easy to read , and would be a good book to take on a vacation or plane trip Another good Nevil Shute book is `` Trustee from a Toolroom '' - guys would enjoy this one , gals would like `` Requiem for a Wren '' .
 The story of Alan Duncan begins with his return to Coombargana , a sheep farming station in the Western District of Australia . On the day before his return , the trusted parlour maid on the station , of whom his parents were very fond , died in her room unexpectedly , causing an awkward homecomingBeginning with the pursuit of a law degree at Oxford University , the years of Alan 's absence from family and homeland taught him very much , very quickly . Not surprising , he is drawn into World War-II action as a fighter pilot , risking all he has in life , just like his younger brother Bill.Also like his brother , he is attracted to the same English girl , Janet Prentice , a WREN on active duty , assigned to maintenance of ordinance used in preparation of the D-Day invasion . The terrible war has left each one with terrible losses , of which the consequences carry the reader through Alan 's quest to find Janet in the years that follow its ending in 1945 . In London , Viola Dawson , Janet 's friend , is Alan 's greatest source of information to lead him through his search . Where will he ultimately find her in this world that both separates and binds together those on opposite sides of the globe?A terriffic story , beautifully written ; also published under the title `` The Breaking Wave . ''
 This is one of Shute 's best , an old-fashioned love story and suspense tale linked to the Australian countryside of post WWII . Not wishing to reveal the plot , I will only say that a young Australian returns home after the War to find that a young woman has recently died in his parents ' home under mysterious circumstances . He tries to unravel her identity and he is in for a shock - all is not as it seems . Gives the reader an insight into central Australian life just after WWII , with the hardships and battles with droughts , fires and isolation of the sheep ranches . Anyone who enjoyed `` A Town Like Alice '' would enjoy this one .
 I have recently discovered Nevil Shute , and what a find ! I highly recommend this book . It 's a story that takes place during WWII when a man returns home to australia to find that his parents ' parlor maid has committed suicide . As he searches for her identity he reminisces about the war and the people he met .
 Someone dubbed Nevil Shute `` the Prince of Storytellers '' and it 's not just hype . He wrote about 20 novels between 1930 and 1960 , all of which are good and a few of which are great -LRB- `` Trustee from the Toolroom , `` A Town Like Alice '' and `` On the Beach '' -RRB- . Many of Shute 's books , like `` Requiem for a Wren , '' revolve around individuals caught up in the trauma of World War II or the post-war world . Many take place in the wide open spaces of his beloved Australia . They blend romance , adventure , sacrifice and deep sentiment -LRB- a quality I miss in our era of irony and detachment -RRB- . Shute creates compelling characters -- his women are as well-drawn as his men -- who endure a lot and whose journey to hard-won wisdom is always riveting . `` Requiem '' is no exception . As its title suggests , it is a sad story but told with compassion and eloquence . It made me think about the unknown heroism and quiet desperation of people 's lives and also about the dignity of each person 's life . `` Requiem , '' like all of Shute 's work , is a good , thought-provoking reading experience .
 Suffering from overbearingly cheerful friends ? Significant other a tad too upbeat?Forget sylvia plath . Throw away your Tolstoy . Give them this book.This is one of the most ridiculously depressing and tragic books i have ever read . It would be verging on parody if it were not for the beautiful prose , powerful message , and the momentum of the narrative .
 Neville Shute had three phases of his writing . There were novels of England , both during and after the war . I have not read the novels from before the war . One of his wonderful wartime novels isMost Secret , which I have reviewed elsewhere . This novel has many similarities to that one as it involves wartime England and young people who must cope with the disastrous burden of war . Both novels have a story about a dog that ends in sadness . This novel continues after the war and is the first of his Australian stories . Alan , the older son and narrator , is an RAF pilot who is shot down after D-Day , which figures very large in this story , and loses his feet . He spends months of rehabilitation , then returns home to the family sheep station at Coombargana , in south Australia . He is restless and unhappy and soon returns to England to finish his studies at Oxford . Eventually , he returns to Australia , determined to live there and take over the station from his aging parents . On the day he arrives , which is the opening of the book , his father informs him that a parlour maid at home has taken her life . No one knows why.Most of the book is then told in flashback . He is puzzled about why the girl would end her life and he searches for information about her , finding her suitcase , which she has hidden in the attic . When he opens the suitcase , he learns that she is the girl his brother Bill would have married had he not been killed shortly before D-Day . Most of the book recounts their story and his own efforts to find her in England , and eventually in America , after the war . As he searches for her , he slowly comes to the conclusion that he was in love with her himself even though he had only met her once . His search has taught him much about her life and his determination to find her grows and becomes an obsession . Defeated at last , he returns to Australia only to learn that she has been caring for his parents while concealing her own identity . Why did she commit suicide the night before he arrives ? He reads her diary and learns how she was terribly harmed by the war , by his brother 's death and by the life that remained for her as she became progressively more isolated . Finally , she travels to Australia on the advice of a friendly American physician she met in England . She finds peace and contentment in her anonymous service for Bill 's parents . The prospect of Alan 's return threatens her exposure and she chooses to end her life the day before the man who has been searching for her arrives.A Town Like Alicehas a similar story of a search after the war but with a happy ending.The Far Countryhas a story of an English girl who comes out to Australia to visit family in the same general area as this story . Both have roughly the same setting and there are similarities in the stories . My favorites are A Town Like Alice and No Highway but this novel is now in my top three . It has a somber , melancholy tone but so did Most Secret . Shute seems to do a good job with female characters and this is another example . If you like Neville Shute , this is one of his best .
 I have just discovered Nevil Shute and I love his works . This book may start off a little slow in the first chapter -LRB- as all his seem to do -RRB- but it is an incredible story . I highly recommend it !
 Faith Wish is a great book that mature teenaged girls can relate to . AnneMarie , a beautiful , 17-year-old underachiever , has been put on an academic contract and will not graduate with her high-school class - to her dismay . When she attends a tabernacle meeting led by Brother Jackson , a charismatic , handsome self-proclaimed minister , she becomes a true Christian . After discovering she is pregnant with Brother Jackson 's child , she turns to him for help , and he takes her to a spiritual redemption camp to find guidance . There , she sheds her old skin and past sins , including sex , drugs , and smoking . Unfortunately , all does not end well , as she struggles to find answers to her dilemna .
 I had to read this book for an english report . I thought that the plot of the book was good . The characters seemed realistic to me but then again I dont know many teenagers that would be attracted to a man like Brother Jackson . I was excited to be done with the book thinking that everything would turn our great for Anne-Marie , but I was wrong . After I read the last sentance of the book , I was very disappointed . The ending was n't anything I had expected it to be . In my opinion , it would be a 5 star book if the ending didnt turn out the way that it did !
 Arnold Bennett covers his experiences as both playwright and novelist . Although he lived at the turn of the 20th Century , many of the things he learned as a working writer are still applicable in today 's publishing world .
 This is one of the dearest books in my collection.The author unveils for us the strange and beautiful rituals that derive from the syncretism of Roman Catholicism , early forced on the Yoruba slaves of colonial Puerto Rico , with their own African nature religion . The book is Gonzalez-Wippler 's labor of love , recounting lifelong first hand experiences of santeria in the care of her Yoruba nanny , with an attitude of respect and reverence for this great faith.The author tells of how her Maria gave her the first initiation of children in santeria , on her fifth birthday , first taking her to church to say a rosary before the statue of the Mother Mary , then taking her to an isolated cove , anointing her lips with sugarcane syrup , and leading her naked into the ocean waves , chanting an invocation to the orisha Yemaya , whose symbol is the seven seas and who is the mother of all things living . Maria explains to the child that Yemaya wears another face of the Virgin Mary , with dark skin and kind eyes , so that people who look like her can recognize her and receive her blessings . Maria explains that by bringing the child to Yemaya in the ocean , she is showing her Our Lady in her full power.There was another kind of santeria on the south side of San Antonio , where i grew up . As a child , when I asked parents and Sunday school teachers about the celebrants ' strange processions , the shrines in their yards , the unfathomable usages of Christian symbols , their exotic botanicas , I was told that theirs was a sort of backwards , superstitious version of Christianity . `` Santeria Experience '' makes me wish that I had looked more closely and asked more questions , before it was too late .
 This book is worth the money . Very educating view into the workings of the Afro Cuban religion . I would recommend this as very good for anyone interested in knowing and learning a bit more about this fascinating religion.Gary Serrao
 Its great information made me just want to read more it showed me how i can achieve things on mind and spirit in this religion amazing !
 there 's not to many books being made anymore in the full 9x12 inch folio format , but here is one made with such quality that many remain in great shape . care was lavished on the many full color full page illustrations , the exceptional binding , and the glossy probably acid free art stock used for the pages . not only is the book beautiful , but it is authoritative , detailed , and fully indexed . the subject matter as fresh in 2003 as it was when published !
 Foolishly , I persevered & wasted time finishing Bryan Burrough 's God-awful `` Vendetta . `` I then immediately needed something to purge the disreputable American Express executives & the idiosyncratic & tragic Edmund Safra from my memory . I grabbed Age Of Napoleon , the hard-cover edition - which I had read for the first time just prior to the Vendetta odyssey , & read it again.It worked . And on this second reading , I realized that Herold is the -LRB- `` unherolded '' & presumably , forgotten -RRB- equal of the historians William Manchester , Robert Massie , David McCullough , & Alan Schom.These are the books that my mother brought home from work that I unconditionally fell in love with as a small boy . Their publishers had standards -LRB- as opposed to today , when too many of them are recklessly driving in the express lane of their demise -RRB- . And the art work is as spectacular as the writing is superb.Post Note
 Koemptgen has an eye for capturing the true relationship between a mother and a daughter . This book is beautifully photographed , and the accompanying text is delightful . This is a must for everyone who is a daughter , a mother , or both .
 This book probes the complex bond that knits mothers and daughters together . Filled with wonderful anecdotes and artifacts from the lives of each mother-daughter pair , Catherine Koemptgen 's photos are luminous . They capture the essence of shared history , mother-daughter relationships , and love . Perfect for Mother 's Day , birthdays , holidays , or any other special occasion . If you 've ever been a mother or a daughter , or both , this book will trigger all your own memories . Judith Josephson
 In sensitively drawn black and white photos of mothers and daughters , coupled with touching anecdotes from her subjects about the memories that made their relationship special , Koemptgen has captured the essence of the mother-daughter bond . Paging through these beautiful portraits , readers can laugh , cry , and remember their own relationships . A timeless book , perfect for Mother 's Day , or any day to celebrate mothers and daughters .
 Although many people think that reading such books as these , the accounts of teenagers who died while under the Nazi regime , is depressing ... people should tell them , it should be . This book was very good , and I read it a few years ago during a class that I had to take . Everyone had read the Diary of Anne Frank , but although this includes excerpts of hers , I was interested to know what others thought . Whether or not they were as optimistic as she was . If you are looking for a read that will give you different perspectives on how teenagers thought about the Holocaust , this is the book for you .
 I am not a big fan of non-fiction history books . I find them hard to concentrate on because there are so many facts that they become overwhelming . But We Are Witnesses is a non-fiction history book that I liked . First , I liked it because it was set during WWII , which is something I am interested in . Secondly , this book is about five teenagers , which I can relate to because I am in the same age group . Each of their diaries was found . They all were Jewish , they all died.In We Are Witnesses there are five main characters , David Rubinowicz , Yitzhak Rudashevski , Moshe Flinker , Eva Heyman , and Anne Frank . There is a whole chapter on each one of them . They all have the same big conflict , the Nazis . The Nazis forced the Jews to move into a ghetto , and each character had to do that . They all lived in different parts of Europe . They all had money issues . But each one was unique in their own way . For example , Yitzhak joined a club that would meet and do research projects , and learn a few new things . This was Yitzhak 's favorite time of day . Eva Heyman admired her mother and wanted to be just like her . Each day was a struggle to live . There was barely enough food for any of them to eat . They all had to put their faith in God , that He would save them from the power of the Nazis.Each character had their own religious beliefs but Moshe Flinker 's was the most unique of all . He believed that if the Germans kept on taking over more land and the Jews kept on being killed then , when it seemed like all hope was lost , God would save the Jews from the Nazis . Moshe Flinker 's story also was one that stuck out in my mind because he almost made it to Vichy France , which was a part of France that was not taken over by the Germans . Another memorable story was when David Rubinowicz was forced to move from his house and into a ghetto , but he many times was able to walk to his old house . One of the times he witnessed a Jew getting shot right in front of him.From the very beginning of the book , the author tells that all of the characters die . They all did , but their life stories will be something that you never will forget . Overall I would recommend this book to anyone who likes non-fiction history books . There were very good parts to the book but also some bad parts . The bad parts were where it got confusing . For example , when the author got into too much detail about a character 's life . Also when Moshe Flinker tried to explain his religious beliefs it got very confusing . Although I knew the deaths of all the characters were certain from the beginning , I wanted to read this book because these people had to live with fear every day . But each one was strong enough to not let that fear get to them , and tried to live their lives like you and me .
 We Are Witnesses is a book containing the diaries of five young children that lived during the holocaust . The diaries tell of how these children dealt with all of the madness going on around them . Some of the diaries broke off early in the beginning of the story . Some diaries lasted quite a while . All of the stories told of how scared these poor children were during some points of time . The diaries tell of how horrifying it must have been for all of them .
 We are witnesses by Jacob Boas , is a GREAT book to read it gives you different views of teenagers that went through diffuculty during the holocaust . As you know , the person who was in charge of the holocaust was Hitler . All the teeangers talked about hope they always had the hope to live and to have their own family . They never talked about hate , they never said they hate hitler the only thing that they said was that he was responsible for what was happening . This was shocking to me because I would hate the person who had my family killed . Would n't you ?
 Have you ever wondered what life for Jewish teens was like during the Holocaust ? David , Yitzhak , Moshe , Eva , and Anne were five Jewish teens who lived and died during the Holocaust . Each of their lives and deaths are captured in this book , which uses factual information and chosen portions of their diary entries to compare their experiences . Boas efficiently chooses information to show what was happening at different times and places . His choice of entries , like Anne writing '' ... in spite of everything I still think people are really good at heart , '' supports the main theme that it is in the human nature to never give up hope . This book is very informational and eye opening , although it does not develop the five individual stories , which would make it more interesting and understandable . This book is good for anyone , but young adult readers will probably get the most out of it beacuse the main characters are young adults . This book made me want to learn more and gave me a greater understanding of the Holocaust .
 As a teenager I was a witness to the Holocaust . I survived ; the five teenagers in the book We Are Witnesses did not , but their diaries did . I feel indebted to Eva , David , Moshe , Yitzhak and Anne for their work , for their courageous efforts to put on record what they were witnessing . The five teenagers represent me as a Holocaust survivor and they represent millions of other teenagers that perished in the Holocaust . Their diaries fulfill the pleas from the Holocaust victims whose last words were
 The book I read was we are Witnesses by Jacob Bias . The book is about five teenagers who lived and died in the Holocaust . I liked this book because I interacted with how kids my age as Jews had to deal with the Holocaust . The teens in this book had to hide and live there lives as people in attics or camps . They were driven out of their homes most belongings left behind . Some of their family were taken away like there dad or mom . Even in hiding some were robbed , not only the families in this book went through this but all the Jews who lived around Europe during the holocaust . Some Jews survived the holocaust but millions of Jews died and in this story you read about how these teens had to deal with it .
 This was an excellent book ! I just loved how the author added other historical facts about the diarists . This is the type of book that makes you want to learn more about the Holocaust and these teens . It really touches me , because as I read about each one of them , I could see myself , especially since I 'm about their age . I would definately recommend this book to just about anyone !
 Excellent service from both the seller and Amazon.com . My purchase came in great condition . I would not hesitate to buy from this seller in the future .
 As a teenager I was a witness to the Holocaust . I survived ; the five teenagers in the book We Are Witnesses did not , but their diaries did . I feel indebted to Eva , David , Moshe , Yitzhak and Anne for their work , for their courageous efforts to put on record what they were witnessing . The five teenagers represent me as a Holocaust survivor and they represent millions of other teenagers that perished in the Holocaust . Their diaries fulfill the pleas from the Holocaust victims whose last words were
 A great book on the Holocaust , though it lacks the fullness of each individual story . I recommend it , although other books are much better . If you want info on 5 different stories quickly , this is for you , but you MUST read Anne Franks ' diary as well . : -RRB-
 For any teen studying the Holocaust and reading Diary of Anne Frank , this is a great read with interesting teens .
 I am a sixth and I 'm reading a book about five teenagers who died in the Holocaust . the first diary is about a teenager named David Rubinowicz and his diary is called `` The end of the world will soon be here '' . Yitzak Rubasheuski is the second diary of the book and his diary is called `` Long live the youth ! '' Moshe Flinker is the third of this book and his diary is called `` My name is Harry '' . Eva Heyan 's is the fourth diary and her diary is called `` I want to live ! `` Ann frank is the last diary of the book and her diary is called `` I must uphold my Ideals '' . The reason I did n't wright anything about what happened is because I do n't want to spoil the story for you . I liked this book because of the detials . The only bad part is that all the teenagers died .
 I read this book because I have always been interested in the Holocaust . I think that the writers portrayed the human spirit and the strength and courage that it takes few people to accomplish in a lifetime and the virtues that most people will never fully have . To completly understand what these 5 and millions of others went through is just mind baffling and almost impossible to comprehend . I think that this is an excellent book for readers of all ages to connect to .
 It is not maudlin to keep front and center the reality of what happened to innocent children.I was most touched by the wondrous humanity of these stories despite the horror of the Nazi era . I was captivated by the children in this book and carry them in my heart.S.J.Tagliareni author of Hitler 's Priest
 I recently bought this book and I 've been reading it during my lunch break at work and so far I 'm very interested and it seems like I ca n't stop reading it ! I will probably take it home with me on the weekend and just finish it . It 's sad to know what kind of things happened to little kids like them , and at the same time it 's amazing to see how they were dealing with their terrible reality and how mature they were for being just kids during this horrible time in History.I highly recommend it !
 I decided to actually read this book after taking Boas ' History of the Holocaust course and finding out that he was in fact born at the Westerbork transit camp in Holland , so I figured that since he had a connection with it through his family that he would know how to put together a well made book . And I was correct , this book made me cry , I really liked it . He had talked a little about this book in class and at first it kinda seemed boring , but I 'm glad that i did n't listen to my gut feeling and actually went and checked it out . I would recommend anyone that wants to read more of a first hand experience to read this , the letters are very heart touch and sad . I am trying to track down the other books he has written so I can get a little more understanding in addition from what I had learned through his course .
 I thought this book was very good and descriptive in what happened to the teenager 's lives and the victims of the Holocaust . It was sad to know how well-off Americans in the U.S. and other fortunate people had it then . When I was reading , it was sad to picture how hard it would be then for not just teenagers but everyone , especially when they talked about how they did n't want to die yet and the shame and humiliation they felt as jews . I liked how Boas described their lives and events so well that I did n't feel I missed out anywhere . I also liked how he would compare the teenagers lives and choices with the others . But I would have liked it more if he would have described more about what the Nazis would do to the victims after they were transported . Otherwhise , I liked this book very much .
 The book I read was we are Witnesses by Jacob Bias . The book is about five teenagers who lived and died in the Holocaust . I liked this book because I interacted with how kids my age as Jews had to deal with the Holocaust . The teens in this book had to hide and live there lives as people in attics or camps . They were driven out of their homes most belongings left behind . Some of their family were taken away like there dad or mom . Even in hiding some were robbed , not only the families in this book went through this but all the Jews who lived around Europe during the holocaust . Some Jews survived the holocaust but millions of Jews died and in this story you read about how these teens had to deal with it .
 The book I read was we are Witnesses by Jacob Bias . The book is about five teenagers who lived and died in the Holocaust . I liked this book because I interacted with how kids my age as Jews had to deal with the Holocaust . The teens in this book had to hide and live there lives as people in attics or camps . They were driven out of their homes most belongings left behind . Some of their family were taken away like there dad or mom . Even in hiding some were robbed , not only the families in this book went through this but all the Jews who lived around Europe during the holocaust . Some Jews survived the holocaust but millions of Jews died and in this story you read about how these teens had to deal with it .
 If people hav n't read this then your missing the best holocaust book you would ever read !!!
 This set of stories helps keep history alive for teenagers that have no concept of the depth horror that intolerance can achieve . All teens should read it !
 The authors of this book wrote not only about coaching as a method for professional growth in education but also about proven practices in education with ideas to better create a productive learning climate to help everyone learn . The concept of a school as a learning community with a focus on the students is wonderful . This is one of the best works on the powers of total staff collaboration that I have come across . You need to read this and talk through it in a discusion group to really grasp the power of its message . The only criticism that I have is how the work of Madeline Hunter was portrayed . I believe that parts of many programs should be integrated and adapted for benefits . Madeline Hunter strongly advocated reflection for improvement and did not intend her research to be the basis for staff evaluation . I also advocate the ` clinical model ' be used as part of evaluation , and cognitive coaching is a wonderful component for everyone in education to keep growing !
 This book establishes the advantages of the nonjudgmental , empowering experience of cognitive coaching over that of the traditional behavioristic supervisory model in the mentoring process . The three major goals of cognitive coaching are establishing and maintaining trust , facilitating mutual learning , and enhancing growth toward holonomy -LRB- individuals acting autonomously while simultaneously acting interdependently within the group -RRB- . Efficacy , flexibility , craftsmanship , consciousness , and interdependence are the five states of mind that combine to provide the actualization energy of holonomy . Trust in self , trust between individuals , and trust in the coaching process are all necessary characteristics in aiding the facilitation of mutual learning . This strategy is demonstrated at the individual level with teachers and students and at the school level with administrators and teachers working in conjunction . Costa and Garmston use the concept of renaissance to describe the rebirth and redefinition of schools and a greater understanding of how we learn . They view the renaissance school as a holonomous organization that embodies all of the above principles in a value-centered , idealistic environment . While this book details cognitive coaching in the educational environment it could easily translate into the corporate or government arena . It is rich with graphs , charts , tables , and other tools that can be used in the mentoring process . The layout is similar to a textbook , which may negatively effect reading continuity , but is written in an easy , conversational style . I would recommend it as a useful primer in understanding the mentoring process at multiple user levels of student , teacher , and schools . Although in many cases the coaching relationship is between a more experience mentor and a less experienced mentee the authors also discuss the merits of peer coaching .
 This is a fantastic book for those who are in the position coaching other educators . It 's very easy to understand , but gives you a lot to think about . Good tips like `` Do n't overwhelm your coachees with too much data or questions to think about , because it dilutes the most important point you 're trying to lead them to discover . '' I highly recommend it .
 Book arrived in a timely fashion and in very good condition ; in fact , almost new.I would definitely recommend seller to others and would purchase again.Thanks .
 Book came quickly and was in acceptable condition . I could n't make it with all my textbooks if it was n't for resale of them . Thank You !
 Of all the Jewish medieval poets who flourished in the golden age of Spanish-Jewish culture , Solomon ibn Gabirol was the greatest . This collection of devotional poetry was translated into English verse byIsrael Zangwillfrom a critical text by Professor Israel Davidson who was an authority on Hebrew poetry and Jewish liturgy.In the Introduction , Davidson discusses the scant biographical information and the nature and impact of Gabirol 's timeless work , as well as those of his contemporaries . Born in Malaga in 1021 or 1022 , Solomon was a prominent philosopher and poet , and a contemporary of El Cid , Spain 's national hero . He belonged to the third period of Hebrew poetry in Spain.Orphaned at a young age , Gabirol spent his formative years in Saragossa and began his literary career when at about sixteen . He was supported by patrons , first Yekutiel then Samuel HaNagid . His other literary works include Biblical exegesis , Hebrew grammar , philosophy & ethics . More than 300 poems survive , half secular and half religious . Written in Arabic , only two of his more than 20 books on ethics and philosophy have survived , one of which is the famous Fountain of Life -LRB- Fons Vitae -RRB- . The influence of theSefer Yetzirahon his poetry is marked , and his lyrics have a permanent appeal to the emotions , aspirations and yearning of mankind . Davidson quotes from Moses ben Ezra and Harizi , two medieval critics who appreciated his work . He concludes by affirming that Gabirol 's words are a sanctuary to which the weary in heart turn for consolation , the troubled in mind for guidance and all lovers of beauty for partaking in exuberant joy.A chapter on the translation by Israel Zangwill comes next . The poems in this volume were all incorporated or designed for the liturgy of the synagogue . In them , one encounters the devotional spirit rooting itself more in individual expression than in tradition . There is a strong personal quality about them . Gabirol was the first Hebrew poet to use secular images and philosophy in his verse and also the first really great Hebrew poet to employ rhyme and meter.Before Gabirol , rhyme or meter was not used much . Biblical poetry has parallelism but it is mainly the accent that counts ; in other words , it was free verse . The English translations are in rhyme in order to preserve the singing element , except for the magnificent Keter Malkut -LRB- The Royal Crown -RRB- which takes up 41 pages . The original Hebrew rhymes but has no fixed metre . A long philosophical poem , its exquisite beauty of expression complements its profundity of thought.There are 50 poems , from At The Dawn to The Royal Crown . The English versions are on the left page and the Hebrew on the right . They are most moving and spiritually uplifting , especially those dealing with the wounded heart of Israel . They are like a melody of eternal hope which brings the reader closer to God . All of them are stirring and memorable , but those I remember well after the first reading include The Messiah , Before My King , My Refuge , Ecstasy , The Redemption , God and Israel , My Lord and King , Lord of the World and Lord of Heaven.The book concludes with Notes on the Introduction , Notes on the Text -LRB- on the poems - mainly references to scripture and grammatical explanations -RRB- , a Hebrew version of the previous and a short section titled Technical Payyetanic Terms in this Collection . These appear to be liturgical elements preceding prayers and benedictions , probably the same as what is called `` antiphons '' in Christian devotional music , for example the work ofHildegard von Bingen.For those interested in Jewish devotional music from around the world , I recommend the CDKabbalah Music
 Solomon Ibn Gabirol was born in Malaga , around the year 1021 . When he was sixteen , he began a poem , `` I am the Master , and Song is my slave . '' At twenty , he composed an alphabetical , acrostic Hebrew grammar of over four hundred rhyming verses . He wrote books of moral maxims , and a philosophical treatise that married Neoplatonism to Judaism . His longest poem , `` The Royal Crown '' , incorporates the most current knowledge of the heavens , describing the qualities and dimensions of the planets . Many of his poems have been incorporated into Jewish liturgy.It is said that , after years of wandering through Spain , he was murdered by a jealous Muslim poet , who buried him beneath the roots of a fig tree , the fruit of which became incredibly sweet . Others say he was trampled to death by a Moorish knight.The poems in this particular collection vary greatly in quality , and much of this can be laid at the feet of the translator , Israel Zangwill , whose desire to make the translations rhyme is often fatal . In spite of this , many of the poems are quite remarkable , particularly `` The Royal Crown '' . Progressing from the Earth and outward through the solar system , Ibn Gabirol describes the successive crystal spheres , beginning each section with a phrase along the lines of `` Who can comprehend God 's greatness ? For Thou hast encompassed sphere X with sphere Y. '' Some of this is a little tedious , but as the poem progresses it contrasts the mind 's power to understand the external universe with its powerlessness in understanding God and life . Some of these passages are quite effective , and are often interlaced with actual scriptural text . It 's only a shame that Zangwill 's language is unequal to Ibn Gabirol 's ideas .
 Solomon ibn Gabirol was the greatest of the Jewish medieval poets who flourished in the golden age of Spanish-Jewish culture . This collection of devotional poetry was translated into English verse by Israel Zangwill from a critical text by Professor Israel Davidson who was an authority on Hebrew poetry and Jewish liturgy.It is introduced by Davidson who provides biographical information and discusses the nature and impact of Gabirol 's timeless work , as well as those of his contemporaries . Born in Malaga in 1021 or 1022 , Solomon was a prominent philosopher and poet , and a contemporary of the Cid , Spain 's national hero . He belonged to the third period of Hebrew poetry in Spain.Orphaned at a young age , Gabirol spent his formative years in Saragossa and began his literary career when he was about sixteen . He was supported by patrons , first Yekutiel then Samuel HaNagid . His other literary works include Biblical exegesis , Hebrew grammar , philosophy & ethics . More than 300 poems survive , half secular and half religious . Written in Arabic , only two of his more than 20 books on ethics and philosophy have survived , one of which is the famous Fountain of Life -LRB- Fons Vitae -RRB- . The influence of the Sefer Yetzirah on his poetry is marked , and his lyrics have a permanent appeal to the emotions , aspirations and yearning of mankind . Davidson quotes from Moses ben Ezra and Harizi , two medieval critics who appreciated his work . He concludes by affirming that Gabirol 's words are a sanctuary to which the weary in heart turn for consolation , the troubled in mind for guidance and all lovers of beauty for partaking in exuberant joy.Then follows a chapter on the translation byIsrael Zangwill . The poems in this volume were all incorporated or designed for the liturgy of the synagogue . In them , one encounters the devotional spirit rooting itself more in individual expression than in tradition . There is a strong personal quality about them . Gabirol was the first Hebrew poet to use secular images and philosophy in his verse and also the first really great Hebrew poet to employ rhyme and metre.Before Gabirol , rhyme or metre was not used much . Biblical poetry has parallelism but it is mainly the accent that counts ; in other words , it was free verse . The English translations are in rhyme in order to preserve the singing element , except for the magnificent Keter Malkut -LRB- The Royal Crown -RRB- on pp. 82 to 123 . The original Hebrew rhymes but has no fixed metre . A long philosophical poem , its exquisite beauty of expression complements its profundity of thought.There are 50 poems , from At The Dawn to The Royal Crown . The English versions are on the left page and the Hebrew on the right . They are most moving and spiritually uplifting , especially those dealing with the wounded heart of Israel . They are like a melody of eternal hope which brings the reader closer to God . All of them are stirring and memorable , but those I remember well after the first reading include The Messiah , Before My King , My Refuge , Ecstasy , The Redemption , God and Israel , My Lord and King , Lord of the World and Lord of Heaven.The book concludes with Notes on the Introduction , Notes on the Text -LRB- on the poems - mainly references to scripture and grammatical explanations -RRB- , a Hebrew version of the previous and a short section titled Technical Payyetanic Terms in this Collection . These appear to be liturgical elements preceding prayers and benedictions , probably the same as what is called `` antiphons '' in Christian devotional music , for example the work ofHildegard von Bingen.For those interested in Jewish devotional music from around the world , I recommend the CDKabbalah Music
 Right into the book one of the authors -LRB- Norean -RRB- talks about the necessity of getting out of our own way in the battle to lose weight . She had my attention from that moment on . Most of us know how to lose weight , it 's our attitudes that need adjusting . This book is easy to read , with helpful information on every page . I read it with a Magic Marker in my hand , marking passages to read again . It was pretty well marked up by the time I finished the book . AND , it 's got to be the FIRST weight loss book I 've ever read cover to cover . I highly recommend it . It 's written with compassion .
 Thank you Dr. and Mrs. Wilbert for sharing your expertise and personal experience with Fattitudes ! Following the process of self discovery defined by Dr. Wilbert has literally changed my life . I was at the end of my dieting rope when I joined the Fattitudes support group . I tried every fad diet , weight loss group , comercial diet center , starvation and bulemia . I measured my self worth by my body size . I had many temporary successes , but each time I regained the weight , it left me looking for the next quick fix . I felt out of control of my eating and was frustrated by my lack of will power . I grew to hate my body and myself . after a few years of doing nothing at all , I discovered the Fattitudes support group . With the help of Dr. Wilbert and fellow group members , I discovered that the war I was batteling with food actually had very little at all to do with food . I am in the process of discovering and addressing the issues which had for years led me to self defeating behaviors and attitudes . It is n't easy , it is n't fast , and my progress can not solely be measured on a scale . I am facing my problems head on instead of medicating my heartaches with food.I highly recommend Dr. Wilbert 's approach to healthy weight management . I am excited that many people with stories such as mine will find that there is hope beyond the struggle .
 Finally , a book that gets to the truth of why we -LRB- professional dieters -RRB- ca n't get to our healthy goal weight and stay there . I always said , `` I want to be thin but I eat like I want to be fat . '' I never imagined I could have so many `` Fattitudes '' that made me want to stay fat ! I know this will take some work . I do n't mind this time.This is the LAST book I `` ll ever need for weight loss and maintenance . That is why I have HOPE in my life now .
 Have you been struggling to lose weight for a long time ? Do you feel like you have it all together when suddenly you begin to sabotage yourself all over again ? Do you lose and gain back the same 5 pounds over and over again ? If this sounds like you , then Fattitudes may be the one diet book you need to read . Let 's face it , there are literally hundreds of diet programs and books out there and most of them are effective IF you follow them . But for so many of us , dieting just does n't work because we learn to defeat ourselves over and over again . Fattitudes does n't tell you what to eat and how much . Instead it tells you to think about why we eat and to examine the reasons we overeat and defeat ourselves again and again . There are many exercises to do in the book , and all are thought provoking and beneficial . Before you change your body , you have to change your mind first . So I would recommend that before you buy any new diet book , Atkins , Body for Life , Sugar Busters , the Zone whichever you choose , buy this one first because it will help you to succeed .
 Finally , someone writes a comprehensive explanation of the problems compulsive overeaters face . Thanks to this book , I get it now , after reading about it for YEARS ! There is a lot of work to do ... and Dr. Wilbert makes you understand that the issues you face are real and buried deep within the psyche . The only magic bullet is patience and persistence . The Wilberts guide you through the work ... give you direction , but the solutions are up to you to find . Believe me , this takes plenty of work , unearthing all these issues . If you have this problem , buy this book . You do the work , you get the results !
 I 've read a lot of diet books , but this is the only one that I saw myself on just about every page . It 's filled with big and little insights about why we use food the way we do . I 've at last come to understand the obstacles I 've run into every time I 've tried to lose weight in the past . It 's a real eye-opener ! I recommend it for anyone who has had a long term battle with weight .
 Finally a book that is written in every day language that nonprofessional people can understand . After struggling with my weight for about 10 years now , it was refreshing to read a book that MAKES SENSE ! While some of the excercises are not easy , just keep with it and you too will begin to understand why you over-eat . I am not saying that I agree with all of the Wilbert 's reason , but they made me look deep inside myself . -LRB- And you know , it is much easier to pass by those cookies that they have at business meetings because I now believe in me . I can do it , I can overcome . -RRB- I have combined the book with a comercial lifesytle and use elements of each to help me loose weight . I am truley grateful for the Wilbert 's for writing this book .
 This book goes right to the heart of the matter - answering the question so often asked
 I 've struggled for years with ups and downs with my weight and never realized how I was sabotaging myself at every step of the way . This book hit me like no other book . If you 're an emotional eater like me , this is the book you need to read .
 Perfect size , nice and simple , great translation , nice concordance in the back . Accessible , convenient , overall just what I was looking for . Color is not obnoxious like I thought it might be .
 The NAS is the most accurate translation of the Bible available today . It combines the most reliable ancient transcripts with the historical integrity of the Hebrew and Greek languages while maintaining the beauty of the Psalms and Songs within .
 I actually prefer the King James because it is more referred to -LRB- more quoted and used in studies -RRB- , but the New American Standard Bible is also a word for word translation , completed in 1971 by a team of over 50 evangelical scholars with doctorates in Bible languages . I sought out this version as a supplement . Sometimes I find it refreshing to read other translations of the Bible to keep my interest fresh . Other good translations also make excellent cross references.For many perhaps the King James Version is rather hard to understand . Translated in 1611 , many of its words are not used in today 's modern English or have changed meaning . I feel more modern translations -LRB- New American Standard Bible , New King James , New International Version ... -RRB- to be great versions especially for new readers . It is also good to research your choice of translation on how true it is to the original text -LRB- word for word ? , sentence for sentence ? paragraph for paragraph ? -RRB- and how many were involved in the translation as to keep true to the meaning of the scripture vs. one persons point of view .
 This Bible is the new updated NASB translation . The translation is accurate , but this particular Bible has only the basics . The print is fairly cramped , and as far as extra perks go , there are a few B&W maps and a small concordance . A good economy Bible to own , but no special frills .
 If you follow my reviews , you know that I am Anglo Catholic and that the 2 versions I use most are the `` Good News '' and the ORIGINAL `` Revised Standard . '' I have respect for the `` King James , '' the `` New King James , '' the `` Jerusalem , '' the `` English Standard Version , '' and the `` Holman Christian Standard . '' I do NOT like the NIV or the NRSV . Onto the subject at hand . The NASB is widely praised as the most literally accurate version . It does not contain the Apocrypha . But being that this is a Protestant Bible , we ca n't really hold that against it . The NASB is widely accepted in Protestant churches . For the most part , it is carefully literal . I consider it an interesting cross between the `` Revised Standard '' and the `` New King James . '' My one slight complaint is that it is not quite as beautifully written as the `` Revised Standard . '' But that said , the `` New American Standard '' is excellent .
 The Bible that I purchesed is a great buy . The NASB is a great translation and is easy to understand . I recommend it to anyone who studies the Bible and really wants to learn .
 I have been using the NASB Bible for years now , and it is my favorite . It is very easy to understand . It is also the most common used Bible among Bible Studies , and pastors .
 Very nice Bible . It 's held up very nicely to a lot of usage . A very good value for the money .
 The product showed up at my door step ahead of schedule and was brand new ! The price was way cheaper than than anything offered in stores
 This is the perfect size bible for me , fits nearly anywhere I need to carry it . It also has teh perfect size text , and has some additional reference materials -LRB- maps , etc -RRB- that make it easier to understand some of the travels . I 've had one since ' 99 , but it 's finally falling apart -LRB- used a lot -RRB- and I am now going to order a replacement .
 This is a very nice thin bible which I would recommend to anyone looking for an affordable bible with a great translation . For my daily bible reading I use the ESV for no other reason but just because of its easiness to read . But I would disagree that the NASB is difficult to read as I have heard from many people on the internet . I actually find my self picking up this NASB bible almost every day and reading from it . Sometimes I will read a passage from the ESV And then pick up this NASB and compare translations just out of curiosity and never do I find doctrinal or meaning differences between the two translations.This bible comes with a very nice incrimination leather cover that has glossy look to it with golden edge pages and the paper inside is not bright white which is nice because it gives it more of a classic bible feel to it . It may feel a bit stiff at first but just like a baseball glove start braking it in by bending it around your thighs every 100 pages or so and eventually the book will bend and open like real leather.For $ 9 bucks you ca n't go wrong if it falls apart for another $ 9 bucks you can buy another bible . I have never bought an expensive bible and never paid no more than $ 20 for a bible except for the MacArthur Study Bible and at the end all that matters to me is that all the words are in the bible and that they are accurately translated from the original text which is what the NASB does very well .
 This Bible is small enough to carry to and from Church and Bible classes . It was delivered in great shape and the condition was great .
 This is a great gift Bible . The imitation leather looks nice and is a step above the paperback Bibles . We especially appreciate this Bible for prison ministry . Besides being inexpensive , the helps and maps are very beneficial also .
 Most probably the best Bible I have owned . The NASB is probably the closest English translation to the original Hebrew and Greek , and is very easy to understand .
 One of the reasons that I bought this Bible , is that it LOOKS like a Bible . It 's Black , it has gold edged pages , it says Bible and the version on the cover . Now that may not be important to everyone , but as there are so many Bibles these days that could fit in a shelf next to a novel and blend in I found these features very important . Its authoritative.Also , I believe that all of the words in the Bible are divinely inspired so a Bible having the words of Jesus in Red -LRB- this one does n't -RRB- give less importance to the other words . The first few pages allows for a giver , and receivers name , and a date . I highly reccommend it .
 Most readers come to the Bible for the first time with high expectations . People naturally assume that any book written by God must be a good one . Maybe explain the meaning of life . The nature of good and evil . The mystery of death . The path to finding true love , or hope for the future , or elevated self-esteem , maybe even a successful weight-loss plan . Whatever . Then they start reading ... and they always quit about halfway through the second book , aptly named Exodus . If you have never read the third book , Leviticus , which you probably have n't , go ahead , give it a try , it 's a cure for insomnia . No one but a rabbi , or a Levite , has ever made it through the book of Leviticus without major skimming.The New Testament is a volume that everyone should read , once , but talk about a bad case of sequelitis ! Ouch ! The less said about the New Testament , the better . Half the books therein were dictated by the holy Ghost to the apostle Paul , a.k.a. Saint Knucklehead , who was the most boring windbag I have ever known , except maybe Fidel Castro . I would rather read a year 's worth of C-Span transcripts than to slog once more through Saint Paul 's thirteen tedious epistles . Paul was not without talent and drive . But if the holy Ghost ever exhibited any real promise as a writer of prose nonfiction , he was ruined by the apostle Paul.Surprising fact
 The tips for first time mom and dad are very helpful.I followed them all and our birth is a breeze .
 This book is a must for first time mothers . Information on herbs and nutrition , healing ways to deal with discomforts , preventing preterm birth/anemia/perineal tears should help you in birthing toward a family-centered birth . Instructions on massage for the mother and newborn will help you use the power of touch . The midwifery model of care is detailed . Hormones and the physiology of your body helps examine and understand your body . It is written from the heart of mothers and the wisdom of midwives . Learn from them and your birth is surely full of miracles .
 This is a splendid novelette ! Quite a a timely , touching , and meaningful story that is bound to hold the attention of young children and adults .
 The hand-held Visual Encyclopedia is packed with information and plently of pictures to view . Great buy , compact to carry along your purse or backpack .
 For someone interested in the ballets before 1956 and the ballet companies who danced them , this is for you . This is what happened to the ballet world after Diaghilev 's death in 1929 . Out of this new world were born the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo , Ballet Theatre -LRB- later American Ballet Theater -RRB- and the New York City Ballet founded by George Balanchine who got his start with Diaghilev 's company .
 This is a good book for the homeowner who wants to know how to build a garden wall , pave an area , or lay cast concrete . Covers tool selection and uses , building techniques with brick , stone , blocks , adobe , and concrete . Excellent step-by-step instructions and illustrations show you how . Learn tricks of the trade , even how to make you own paving blocks . Also covers maintaining and reparing masonry .
 I have never really been a big fan of soccer . I still do n't know all the rules or famous players . And I did n't need to know any of that to love this book . Three Lions Roar is like a summer blockbuster ; it 's a book with everything . It has sports action , a heartfelt love story , three dimensional relationships , and the challenges of everyday living.This book is the perfect combination of all genres . There is just enough soccer to make it exciting and just enough love to make it real and personal . The soccer games never got boring , and the love was never sappy . Mr. Ozturk 's expertise on soccer and excellent writing come through strongly in every page . I strongly recommend this book to the hardcore soccer fan , the young athlete , the emotional reader , and everyone in between .
 I just finished to read Three Lions Roar.It is amazing ! All times , dates , places for England National team became true . Please read the book and check the England 's games . You will see how a fiction book comes to reality.Yes . I beleive it . This book is the Bible of England 's fans . `` England fans ! Have the book . Keep it close to you . It will happen ... `` England will be the World Cup Champion again .
 It 's really a shame that The Insulted and Injured is as hard to find as it is ; though it 's not on as grand a scale as most of Dostoevsky 's better known novels , it may be as touching as anything he wrote . Narrated by a young author , Vanya , who has just released his first novel -LRB- which bears an obvious resemblance to Dostoevsky 's own first novel , Poor Folk , making me wonder how much of the story might be autobiographical -RRB- , it consists of two gradually converging subplots . One deals with Vanya 's close friend and former love object , Natasha , who has left her family to live with her new lover , Alyosha . Alyosha is the saintly but dimwitted son of Prince Valkovsky , who hopes to gain financially by marrying Alyosha off to an heiress , Katya . Valkovsky 's cruel machinations to break up Alyosha and Natasha make him one of the most memorable `` predatory types '' -LRB- a la Stavrogin in The Possessed -RRB- that Dostoevsky created . The other branch of the plot deals with the approximately 13-year old orphan Nellie , whom Vanya saves from an abusive household by taking her into his apartment , and whose deceased mother 's story in some ways parallels that of Natasha . It 's unusual to see a well-developed character as young as Nellie in a Dostoevsky novel , but Nellie may be one of his most moving creations , and she in particular shows the influence of Dickens -LRB- whom Dostoevsky is known to have read during the Siberian exile near the end of which this novel was conceived -RRB- . The Insulted and Injured could justly be criticized for melodrama , as the characters ' behavior is a bit too extreme to be believed . There 's not even a hint of jealousy anywhere in the love quadrilateral between Vanya , Natasha , Alyosha , and Katya , as none of them want anything other than the happiness of their beloved -- whether that happiness is with someone else is utterly -LRB- and unrealistically -RRB- immaterial to them . Also , at the other end of the spectrum , Prince Valkovsky is rather implausibly evil , especially toward his own son , who though not exactly brilliant has done nothing to justify Valkovsky 's cruelty . However , these extreme charcters make the novel very emotionally involving and did n't realy bother me while I was reading it , though of course your mileage may vary.One of the most important themes throughout Dostoevsky 's work is the expiative value of suffering , and The Insulted and Injured , with its tragically moving plot and characters , develops that theme splendidly . At this writing , unfortunately , Amazon lists it as unavailable ; hopefully that will change soon . -LRB- Also , although at present the out-of-print search service is n't offered for this translation , it is available for a translation under the title `` The Insulted and Humiliated , '' so you might try searching under that title . -RRB-
 The Scriptures tells us that loss and grief are universal human experiences and the process of mourning is often prolonged , painful , and emotionally complex . The writer of Ecclesiastes reminds us that grief comes to all of us
 If only the present Federal Reserve Chairman as well as the past and Furture Chairpersons could read and understand this book , the economic turmoils could be muted . This is the primer for all who engage in managing the ship of state . Withouth this knowledge only the cycles of collapse will endure .
 This is an excellent series , but out of the three , Tyrone 's Story was the best by far . I cried so many times throughout all three books.To really understand the story he to read Kyra 's Story and Miranda 's Story . I liked Tyrone 's because it tied the event together . What happens is someone in the town -LRB- a teenager -RRB- is killed but why ? Tyrone , Miranda , and Kyra all feel responsible but who really killed Sammy ? These books take you by surprise and make you realize that this time of scenario could happen in your town ... if it already has n't .
 Review by Gretchen HoffmanTyrone 's Story by Sigmund Brouwer is the other book in the Degrees of Guilt trilogy . Eighteen-year-old Tyrone Larson is a high school senior with a passion for science . Having grown up with a not-so-hot home life , he 's armed with a cynical personality and smart-mouth attitude.Tyrone 's story focuses on the events that lead up to the death of his friend , Sammy . With everything from school , friends , and girls , to his own involvement in Sammy 's death , Tyrone must sort through life to discover who he is and what life is really about.I definitely enjoyed this book . It was probably my favorite part of the series , probably because of Tyrone 's love for science . If you 've read the other two books , pick this one up too !
 Unfortunately I did n't read this book . My daughter read it very quickly , so I 'm thinking it must have been a good one .
 I work with teens in detention facilities . They love the Degrees of Guilt series ! It touches their world . I highly reccommed it for any teenager . This book is my favorite of the three . It touches what it feels like to not fit in and to have your life a mess . It also shows how easily you can fall into wrong choices that lead to severe consequences.I think any teen would like it and relate to it . I liked it myself as an adult . It is very true to the teen world .
 Circuits theory utilizes Kirchhoff 's laws to find currents and potentials in any given network of electronic devices . It is essential not only for electrical and computer engineers . Electrical models describe many mechanical and biological systems and the skills of solving linear time invariant electronic circuits are similar to the skills required to solve any linear time invariant system , which is an essential skill for any engineer and rigorous scientists.This is currently the ultimate textbook about basic electronic circuits.It starts from the beginning , describes the basic circuits variables and elements , i.e. , Voltage , Current sources and resistors and then shows the basic circuits analysis techniques and the general ones -LRB- Nodes and Mesh analysis -RRB- . First only resistive circuits are used in order to establish the basic circuits analysis techniques and then Inductors and Capacitors are introduced with description of the transient step response and the steady state response with Phasors . Other chapters describe the op-amp and Laplace transform.Unfortunately the authors had chosen to sacrifice some important issues for the sake of simplicity
 This is the best book for an introdutory course on electric circuits . I have taught and teach now using it . It presents the subjects in an adequate order , progressively increasing the difficulty level . Exercises are also very well formulated . It can be used also in disciplines like Electronics , System Analysis , Communication Systems .
 I have been denying my problem with sexual addiction for 35 years . False Intimacy has not only shown me my denial , but pointed me toward true intimacy with God as the starting point for having close relationships with other people . The book contains the clearest thinking I have ever heard on the subject of trusting God . If you are an addict , think you might be , or are just unsure about what it means to have a close/intimate relationship with God and with your spouse , you need to get this book .
 I 've been reading various books and Internet resources about sexual sin and addiction -- this one demonstrates far more appreciation of the deep complexities and mysteries of the spiritual aspects of this issue . There 's not even a hint of the kind of cheap , quick fix that some other books claim . Along with that , Schaumberg 's emphasis on our willingness and ability to accept the nature of this world earned my respect . I highly recommend it to those who are looking for understanding in a spiritual context . For obvious reasons , I 'm posting this anonymously , but I want readers of this review to recognize that they probably already know people who are quietly struggling too , so I 'll identify myself as a successful high-tech executive , often speaking in public and in the news . In the high-tech culture , our technology makes sexual materials so easy to obtain ; our stress makes it tempting indeed .
 After struggling with sexual addiction since age 19 , I had experienced most all the disappointments in life , including job loss , career ending acts of compulsive behavior , loss of friends , divorce and even arrest . I read Harry 's first book after being confronted with an act of voyeurism . I was especially struck to the core of my heart and conscience by his profound , yet quite simple , approach to bringing the addict to the point of compliance with God and His design for redeemed men . It was on a Sunday afternoon in October , 1995 , that I was reading this book . In the back of False Intimacy , I noticed Harry 's counseling advertisements . I was desperate and needed help , not only for my own sanity , but for the saving of my marriage . Just 2 weeks later , I went with my wife to a 5-day Intensive Counseling course at Harry 's offices in Colorado Springs , CO. '' Very intense '' is hardly the phrase to describe it . Harry made me realize that I was a very shallow and ho ! llow person . The bottom line is that we Christian men have a reluctance to initiate and maintain an intimate relationship with God . I had a lot to work out , and I am still working my way out of sexual addiction and experiencing increasing sobriety from this sinful lifestye . Harry is a talented , qualified professional , whose writings get to the core of the problem , from a spiritual perspective , because that is wherein the problem lies -- sex addicts have a sin problem , which only God , according to Harry , can rectify . I recommend this book to men in the Church , especially , who struggle with this area . Thanks , Harry , I am hanging in there .
 You do n't have to be sexually `` addicted '' to benefit from this book . Most of the men that I know , -LRB- including myself -RRB- struggle with sexual fantasies , temptations to lust , etc. but do not fit the clinical definition of being sexually `` addicted . '' Yet our sexual struggles serve a function in a dysfunctional way . We long for intimacy and deep meaninguful connection , yet we tend to be terrified of it at the same time . Real connection makes us too vulnerable ! So it becomes easy to retreat to the safe world of sexual fantasy . Harry 's book calls us to face into the heart of our sexual problems , which is our own hearts . Real intimacy -LRB- including sexual intimacy -RRB- is wonderful , frightening , scary , confusing and frustratingly fleeting at times , but it is worth it . Harry 's book should be required reading in all church men 's groups and seminaries .
 After reading some of the responses , it becomes obvious that few people understand the point of reference Harry Schaumburg begins with . First , he is a Christian . So , if you are not a Christian , you will not appreciate the spiritual understanding and depth into addiction he describes . One reviewer states that the author is a fundamentalist hater of sex . Ha ! I have actually met Harry and that is sooooooooo far from the truth . Harry Schaumburg presents a healthy view of sex . Period . And the healthiest view stems from the Bible itself . Man ... Woman ... Monogomy . Period . If you go into the book expecting some `` I 'm okay , you 're okay . '' Then you will hate it . To fully appreciate sex , one has to understand more deeply the created order and its implications . Harry addresses this and does not assume some feel-good pop psychology stance . Harry addresses the implications of deviating from the created order and purposes . Anyone looking for some type of affirmation for their sexual deviance , or looking for some explanation outside of scripture , needs to save their money and instead sign up for a pop culture feel-good seminar given by ... perhaps , a sex therapist who is divorced , miserable , but fully competent in telling you how to conduct your sex life .
 The author holds a strongly Christian-based approach to treatment of sex addiction . In many ways , this perspective is not wholly incompatible with 12-step approaches , although he makes only passing , and not entirely favorable reference to SA , SLAA , etc. . He speaks from an obviously seasoned vantage point as an experienced clinician , and his work seems particularly geared toward members of the ministry who present themselves for treament of sexually compulsive behaviors . He holds most Christians to task for faulty beliefs , and he 's not afraid to pull punches
 I recommend `` False Intimacy '' more than other books to those men who are battling the behavior of sexual addiction , but who also desperately want change at the source of the struggle and not just in the expression of the struggle -LRB- although that is critical -RRB- . Dr. Schaumburg does the best job that I 've seen of exploring the actual motivational power of sexual addiction , which in the end is not essentially sexual . He also has an excellent chapter for the spouse of the sex addict and another regarding marriage in this context . Few books on this subject adequately expose what is really going on below the behavioral and psychological patterns , but there will be no meaningful freedom at a heart level without facing what ultimately fuels the shame and acting-out cycle . Clearly this is a more complex and less popular approach -LRB- that 's probably why so few books go there -RRB- , but any other approach to this problem seems to me like `` bringing a knife to a gun fight . '' I recommend this book and the journey it invites the reader to take in their soul - whether a sex addict or not .
 This book is for all who want to know about sexual addictions and how to deal with it . If you have a sexual addiction , this book will help you understand the addiction and get the help you need . If you have been hurt by a spouse who has a sexual addiction , this book will help also . But this book will help all people because all of us have been decieved by false intimacy , married or not . The best part of this book is the fact that the author tells it like it is . Sexual addiction comes from the heart of all people , which the Word of God tells us that it 's evil . This book is biblical in it 's understanding of humans , and it 's persecptives on this issue . He points people to come to the Lord , and that he is the only one that can cure the root of all evil , the human heart . The gospel is preached and the misconceptions in the Christian church is addressed . The only problem with this book , is theolocially he errs in one line . When he siad that God became sin for us , while I understand what he was getting at . He use the wrong choices of worlds , for Jesus did n't become sin , he was the sin bearer , not sin itself . Thus , every Christian who is involed in ministry for this stuff , like Christian counselors etc. should read this book . Lay person as well . All who desire real intimacy with anyone , husband with wife , father and son , etc. . Great book I plan to read it again and in the future . . If you want your marriage to step to the next level , even if you do n't have a sexual addiction , you still may be living in a false intimacy , even if you been married 20 years . It can help your marriage and your family . It gives you tips of how to raise your kids not to have false understanding of relationships with people and with their family 's . Everyone can be better informed if you read this book .
 I read this book in the process or working through hard issues in my marriage . At first , I thought it good although there were parts I did n't `` get '' . As I worked though more of the material more deeply , my appreciation for its wisdom continued to increase.It is the only work I know that examines both the spiritual and the psychological aspects of sex and related addictions with equal depth . You may notice that it seldom gives compact , concise definition for its concepts -- instead you have to read the whole thing and think it through . If you do , you will likely find reading this book a life-changing and valuable experience.I 'll add that I later went to a 10 day intensive counseling session with Dr. Schaumburg , and my experiences there confirmed my impression from the book
 This is a very comprehensive book about Sexual Addiction . I was overwhelmed at first , and yet it is the most complete ` overview ' of what false intimacy is . It is not a self-help book . It does have some graphic examples to help the reader understand so many of the complexities of the nature of sexual addiction but not in the least offensive to the sensitive reader . What I appreciated the most about this book in particular is the fact that it maintains a high degree of dignity towards the ` spouse ' of the sexually addicted person . I learned many things in this book , and have read it twice already . A worthwhile resource to own , especially if you or your spouse is in the ministry .
 This book had similar information about sexual addiction as `` Out of the Shadows '' by Patrick Carnes but with scripture to back it . Sexual addiction is one of the best kept secrets in our churches -LRB- and in professional lives -RRB- its about time therapist start researching it and talking about it . I belong to a mega church and when I went to the church counselor about my husbands problem he was n't even familiar with this book , he said `` we send out the big problems to the therapist '' . How sad and how long is the church going to stick its head in the sand and act like this problem does n't exist in our fellowships ? This is the reason so many people suffer -LRB- addicts and their spouses -RRB- because clergy , doctors , and counselors are choosing to stay ignorant on this rapidly growing addiction . I applaud Dr. Schaumburg for his research and honesty in the help of understanding this baffling -LRB- disease , sin , addiction ... -RRB- and how it is destroying our marriages . There is hope , my husband is proof of that and this book helped both of us understand and seek out professional help with specialized SA therapy .
 This is a book , not only for those who have a sexual addiction , but any addiction . It should be compulsory reading for every young person , especially in our culturally-sex-crazed society .
 We went through counceling and used this book . What a blessing this book was to us . This is not only for the spouse who is struggling with Sexual Addiction but also for the spouse who is trying to understand what is going on with their spouse . It answers questions and it allows you to have a open conversation with your spouse . This book along with the upcoming book Undefiled is a blessing from God.Also most important is the bible which gives us hope that through God we can get through this and He can help us . This book is a form of help .
 This is one of the best books I 've ever read on where and how intimacy has gone wrong . It was such an eye opener ! I have since bough it for so many of my friends and it has been a big help for them as well . This is a great book and I highly recommend it ... it goes down deep to the root of the problem
 Schaumburg makes it clear that we all have choices . He gives hope to those who are longing for TRUE intimacy . This book goes much deeper than some of the other books out there that deal with this issue . If you are looking for answers this book will point you in the right direction .
 An excellent reading ! I was moved by the power and strength that can be drawn from the Holy Spirit . My vices are mine to bear and mine to confess , but the message of this book has guided me on a path to righteousness . I only hope that the `` reader from Miami '' also receives help with his spelling problems as well .
 Ave read several good books on sex addiction and one thing I can say is that this book is loaded with prayers ! It has a penetrating effect that only the Spirit of God can bring forth . Harry focuses on the one neglected aspect of the problem , namely it is essentially a spiritual problem and that treating the behaviour does n't heal the cause.The cause is sin as Harry says , man 's desire for autonomy from God . There are other aspects to consider , like the body addiction to the chemical released at orgasm , the psychological wounds that we try to medicate with the addiction and of course the forces of evil.It is an excellent book , I have it marked all over the place which I almost never do to any of the books I buy . But this has such nuggets of truth , that you ca n't help but mark it ` cos you know you will read the book again . This book is loaded with prayers and with your own prayers , a healing will begin . Amen
 False Intimacy is a extremely helpful book for anyone who has been touched by the problem of sexual addiction . Dr. Schaumburg carefully explains what sexual addiction is and how it affects everyone in relationship with the addict . He gives guidelines for breaking free from sexual addiction . His information comes from years of dealing with sexual addicts as a counselor who specializes in that area . If you are a pastor , counselor , teacher , etc. , this book will be an invaluable reference tool for helping those around you walk in freedom .
 This book effectively addresses the continuum of sexually distructive behaviors and all the spiritual depravity in all of our hearts . The chapter on restoring your marriage is particularly helpful .
 This book was suggested to me by a counselor I was seeing to help me deal with the fallout of my husbands confession of sexual addiction . We both read the book and it truly helped both of us to understand some of the underlying issues associated with this addiction . There is so much information in this book and I would highly reccomend it to anyone facing this kind of situation .
 This book was recommended by my counselor . I found it to be helpful in understanding my addiction . It also gave me ways to get through it and although I 'm still not `` cured '' I 'm on my way . This book offers hope not only to the addict but to those around them .
 Addicted to sex and ca n't seem to stop ? This book is an excellent resource for those who struggle with this addiction . Would definitely recommend to others .
 My counselor suggested me to get this book . She said that it would be very helpful to me . I really enjoyed it and really helped me know more about sexual addiction and I know how to fight it because of this book . The book itself was in great condition and I liked how cheap it was . It was worth more than I paid .
 False Intimacy is a must for those who are struggling with sexual addiction , although I would prefer to use the biblical injunction - SIN . As you sin against your wife , you first sin against God , and the list is endless . The thoughts and intents of the heart are paramount in understanding the depths of this problem which plagues our society today . With the onset of organizations like NAMBLA , the same-sex agenda , transgenders and all that nonsense , this book hits hard and tries to help those come to grips in an understanding way . Highly recommended !!!
 I bought this book out of desperation and a desire to help my suffering loved ones . This book is painfully honest and not for the faint of heart . The author has a profound understanding of this affliction and strips it down to the ugly truth of how lost souls lose hope and how precious lives are destroyed . If you are searching for insight about sexual addiction , I highly recommend this book . It broke my heart and gave me deep compassion for the people in my life who struggle with false intimacy issues . For the sex addict searching for honesty and hope , this should be required reading.The subject matter being what it is , I found it hard to read this book without feeling filthy and even more wounded . Wives of sex addicts will not find healing within these pages -LRB- only God can heal something so painful -RRB- . However , they will find answers . Several chapters address strategies that might help affected loved ones . For the wives of sex addicts , I also recommend Lord Heal My Hurts by Kay Arthur or Every Heart Restored by Stephen Arterburn .
 The book , False Intimacy , arrived in excellent condition and it 's content is truly amazing and informative . Dr. Shaumburg is definitely serving Jesus Christ with this book and is following Christ 's calling in his life . From the original sin of Adam and Eve until now , man will always deal with sin hear on Earth , but Dr. Shaumburg offers wonderful Christian insight into the specific topic of different behavoirs we become involved in trying to fill a place in our heart that only Jesus ' Holy Spirit can fill . The key is be submissive to Jesus ' Holy Spirit.Awesome book !!!
 Bushashia is Genius ... This independant Philosopher lays down the foundation for the Bricks ' wall of philosophical theory . His well-thought basis , combined with his almost Thai Restaurant-style reincarnate of both pasta and flavor creates a sensual moment for all who hold kerouacisain forks .
 Frances FitzGerald gained fame as a result of her book , `` Fire in the Lake '' -LRB- 1972 -RRB- when she brilliantly argued that the U.S. stumbled into Vietnam , and continued to stumble and fail for years , because of its inability to understand the history and psychology of the people who lived in the area . This 1979 book , `` America Revised , '' turns her analytical capabilities on the manner in which we have understood our own history . She traces the evolution of the development of history textbooks and the debates over them through the years . The result is a fascinating portrait of the manner in which we define ourselves by what we teach our children about our past.What FitzGerald finds is that for most people the history taught in secondary , and even universities , was consciously constructed to enhance the citizenship of the populace . The definition of enhanced citizenship might differ in time and space , but fundamentally it has emphasized a traditional vision of the American past in which a consensus interpretation -- a one nation , one people emphasis -- has been the norm rather than a story that is filled with conflict and counter narratives.The fierceness of the debate over what is contained in history textbooks , and therefore what is taught in school , results from the need to redefine national identity and a concern that the bulwarks of traditional conceptions may be crumbling . This has recast historical inquiry as an intellectual battleground where the casualties are no longer theories about the past that matter mostly to historians but the overall `` weltanschauung '' of society in a post-modern , multicultural , anti-hierarchical age.Since the 1960s , as FitzGerald makes clear , Americans have been seeking to understand an identity that is more multicultural , less hierarchical , and decidedly partisan . It was a coordinated effort . The author highlights the work of one group of reformers known as `` The New Social Studies Movement , '' which urged the teaching of a more varied form of history in which race , ethnicity , class , and gender emerged as core areas of analysis . This represented , according to FitzGerald , `` the most dramatic rewriting of history ever to take place '' in America -LRB- p. 58 -RRB- . In contrast , throughout most of American history , albeit with some challenge over time , most Americans have viewed their past as exceptionalistic , nationalistic , and triumphant . This consensus interpretation celebrated the long tradition of shared American ideals and values while de-emphasizing conflict , and that made the United States and the people that made it up somehow better . Its advocates questioned the ideas and people who challenged those cherished principles , seeing in many of them strains of authoritarianism , anarchy , and narrow - and simple-mindedness of all varieties . `` America Revised '' is a powerful exploration of the politics of history textbook writing , publishing , and adoption . It also helps to show how the politics of history affect our children and educational system . Quintessential historian C. Vann Woodward commented on this important book in `` The New York Review of Books ''
 The reviews here do n't do this book justice . It 's not `` conspiracy theories '' about `` the truth . '' It is a nuanced book based on Fitzgerald 's New Yorker articles in the late 1970s , drawing on her extensive , thoughtful reading of the broad collection of historic textbooks at Columbia Teacher 's College . Fitzgerald offers a surprising historiography about the range of textbooks in the 1930s , the cracks in the supposedly-consensus history of the 1950s , and the 1960s and 70s shifts from social movements of the right as well as left , as well as the business pressures of textbook publishing . Smart and incredibly well-written , this book is better than more recently-written books about America 's textbook controversies . Anyone interested in the teaching of U.S. history or public memory in America should read this book .
 This book raises questions of conspiracy with its story of how history is altered according to the times and whims -LRB- ? -RRB- of the few . I recommend this book for anyone studying history , and anyone who wants to know `` the truth . ''
 A very nice book . It goes a long way in demonstrating both the depth and breadth of this newest of visual mediums ; treating it with the respect it deserves . There is a lot of work that goes into creating the dazzling visuals many gamers may take for granted , or worse , criticize in ignorance of the technological limits game artists work with.I must confess I am biased as I am one of those artists toiling in the game development business . One of my images and a substantial quote of mine is used in the text of the book . Sadly however , credit is not given to me or any of the nameless , faceless artists whose work is so lovingly showcased . As a game artist , I would love to know who created this work both for my personal edification as well as for reference for future hiring potential . Obviously , some images represent the work of many artists and programmers , however , a large amount of the work included in this book was created by individuals who deserve credit . What crediting there is , is given only to the marketing executives and companies who delivered the work to the author . For all of its effort to showcase the artistic merit of video games , this book fails to recognize those who create the art , only crediting the corporate entities who paid for it.Still , a worth while buy .
 This book provided a fascinating review of early Middle Eastern mythology starting from Mesopotamian culture and proceeding through to Judaism and early Christianity . It also includes a discussion of the importance of myth and ritual as a basis for religious and socialogical structure . The area I found most interesting was the discussion of the influence of the mythology of early civilizations on Judeo-Christian belief and scripture .
 I am so glad I found out about this book . Reading it was a major eye opener for me in understanding the early myths from the area where my own -LRB- former -RRB- religion originated . S. H. Hooke is an expert in mythology , and he does a fantastic job of showing the connections between the myths of the Middle East . For me personally , this helped me see how the roots of Christianity -LRB- particularly with ancient Hebrew religions -RRB- was inspired greatly by earlier myths . Whether it was the author 's intention or not , it also helped me realize that the religion I once thought was real was , in fact , nothing more than a myth that was not unlike so many similar myths of the time and place.Jeff Mark , author ofChristian No More
 This book has been republished a number of times now and that is probably due to its addressing of a subject that is bound to repeatedly be of interest to a number of people . In a nutshell this brief book discusses a range of myths from the Middle East . It does not claim to be an encyclopaedia of that areas mythology and deities nor does it claim to contain every story of each of the cultures that have come and gone over the years in the region in question . Nor does it set out to any form of historical work in a chronological sense though perforce there is some discussion of the chronology of different cultures in order to discuss their influence on each other.What the book does do is to present a number of salient stories in readable laymans prose from a range of early cultures of the area . What we also get is a look at how many of the stories many would think of as being from the Christian Bible were quite obviously drawn from earlier works . I 'm guessing that might ruffle a few feathers but the author does not dally about with looking too deeply into that aspect of things , he merely draws parallels and leaves it at that.This is n't a bad book for your history bookshelf though there are undoubtedly far more brightly presented and illustrated works on Middle Eastern pantheons and the like and certainly many of them probably benefit from more recent archaeological work that has been done since its inception and some that will look more thoroughly at individual cultures rather than this broader based work .
 It certainly seems to me that some of the best erotic literature was written in Victorian times when , absent TV 's , DVD 's and pay per view porn and erotica , most people had to find thewir erotic enjoyment with friends , family , neighbours , and , most importantantly in their own minds.This wonderful book of four full erotic novels certainly brings that point home.In ` The Instruments of Passion ' a young man decides to join a very much monastery with only seven members that practiced some , what would appear to be strange , rituals of bondage and the whipping of a very young girl , also a resident , named Daisy . The young writer is astonished by her beauty and her willingness to submit to the torture and pain of the monks daily ritual . Everything seems so normal , so traditional and so important in their search for inner peace that our innocent observer very quickly accepts all ... . That is until a certain day when there is a ` graduation ' of sorts and our young innocent 's world and his unrequited love for Daisy comes to a crashing end ... In ` The Misfortunes of Mary ' we find another very much Victorian novel where a mature Colonel Barrington agrees to a secretarial contract with a very and beautifull young girl , Mary . Although all appears normal , our young secretary , now contractually bound , finds that she is in an impossible postion and the jaded colonel immediately starts to play mind games demanding her total submission to those yummie yummie whims.The author takes the reader along a meandering erotica path making all seem rather ` normal ' and of course understandable ... . A great book for those that appreciate Victorian erotica . . In ` White Stains ' , the third novel by Naais Nin we are treated to four very short mini stories that are the hallmark of a very eclectic author whose works many people have grown to love.Finally , in ` Innocence ' by Harrier Daimler a young and very sickly Adrian is confined to bed on the very edge of death when finally his mother and father decide to hire a nurse to care for their son in his last days . Again , in this contemporary erotica , all is not what it seems . While the world around him sees Adrian as a poor sickly boy , the reader is treated to the real secret life of Adrian where he is able to use his weakness and intelligence to get ` everthing ' he wants from the nursemaid , Rose , while pretty well controlling everyone else around him ... A great mind bending and deliciously naughty work by this author ... . I loved it !
 This is an important book for Persians . It examines the role that torture has played in the political system of Iran . It is important that we understand this issue if we are to eliminate the use of such instruments in the future .
 Molly Duncan has left behind a bossy , meddlesome fianc&eacute; - even her apartment and furniture in Boston - to move to Las Vegas and start over on her own . She loves her new job as a linguist and representative for the Las Vegas Visitors and Convention Bureau , her new home -LRB- though somewhat bare of furniture -RRB- , and her new life . The only thing to upset this happy picture is Molly 's new neighbor , Major Sam Henderson , USAF . He drives her to pin scolding notes on his door about trash cans left in the middle of her driveway , to make angry phone calls to complain about the loud country western music blaring from his house , and to threaten legal action if he uproots the hot pink oleander bushes that she lovingly planted along their disputed property line , just so that he can install a swimming pool in his backyard.One night following a particularly long and loud bout of ear splitting music , Molly called her neighbor to complain - yet again . However , Molly mistakenly dialed the wrong number and instead of talking to her neighbor , she listened in horror while the man who answered the phone was interrupted by a `` visitor '' who then shot him to death . Still not realizing that she had reached the wrong number , Molly called 911 to report that her neighbor , Sam Henderson , had been shot . The police arrive , wake up her perfectly fine -LRB- though royally miffed -RRB- neighbor , and the story takes off from there.Unknown to Molly , Sam is recovering from an accident that occurred when he ejected from an F15 and his head hit the faulty canopy . As a result of his injury , Sam experiences severe headaches that prevent him from flying and threaten to end his career . Refusing to take any of the variety of pain medications that he has been given , Sam deals with the pain by working out until he is exhausted while listening to his favorite country western music . Following Molly 's ill-fated wrong number telephone call , she and Sam seem to be thrown together , literally , and their attraction to each other and growing admiration for each other overcome their previous , instantaneous dislike . They seem ill suited to one another , but as you read through the story it 's really difficult to imagine them apart or with anyone else . Other characters in the book like Molly 's boss , Davinia , and Antonio , her boyfriend and husband in training number 4 , provide the perfect contrast to the two main characters as they attempt to solve a murder and prevent Molly from becoming the next victim.The book was a great , entertaining read , and I highly recommend it .
 I picked up If A Man Answers partly because of the author and partly on a whim because it sounded as if it might be interesting . What an understatement ! The first interaction/confrontation between Sam and Molly will make you sit up and take notice . Sam Henderson , retired AF colonel with bad headaches , integrity and an interest in old cars . Molly Duncan is smart , cautious and has a good ear for languages and voices . Does n't seem as if they have much in common , does it ? :-RRB- You 're underestimating Ms. Lovelace if you believe that . These two end up getting involved in some interesting ways -LRB- like trying to solve a mystery -RRB- . Get this one fast !
 I 've been using this cookbook for over 20 years and it is falling apart and stained . I have made most of the recipes in this book and they always come out excellent . Incredible recipes . Try the curried banana balls ! Or the Royal lamb curry . Easy to follow recipes , I credit this book for making me a cook . My only advice is to never use as much oil as the recipes call for , use just enough to saute the onions/garlic , etc. .
 This pamphlet serves as a wonderful resource to both those in profesional fields dealing with child abuse as well as those lay persons just entering this world through their consideration of foster parenting . As a researcher I was greatful for such a compact , to the point resource . As someone working with parents I was greatful for the open and easy to understand writing style of Eliana Gil . I have found all of Eliana Gil 's works most useful and am greatful that this resource is available to those out there who may not be as interested in her works which are written in a more scholarly -LRB- although still understandable -RRB- voice .
 Circle of Stones , An Investigation of the Circle of Stones by Richard A. Schwartz is one of those rare finds which leads you into the past with both intelligent thought and historical fact and imagination . This book takes you through many credible theories of how a mysterious circle of stones came to be.These theories are supported by interesting ethnographic facts and historical data . But the main attribute of Circle of Stones is that you can see that the author took the time to carefully and lovingly write this jewel as a tribute to those who have come before us , both Native American and American Pioneers .
 This pocket book is a great resource for my students as well as my self when I am teaching Robotic .
 Last year I coached a FIRST LEGO League team of 4th and 5th graders we took 2nd place in California State , as well as the Rookie All Star award . I used a large variety of materials pulled from various sources , but I was really frustrated by the lack of a book that would be directly accessible to kids as well as adults . I discussed my frustrations on LUGNET and was * thrilled * to find out that Ben Erwin was in the final stages of just such a book . I used a pre-press version of the book with my team in the late stages of the competition and they all loved it and wished they 'd had access to it earlier . When it finally got through the publication process , I snapped it up immediately!All I can say is WOW ! The pre-press was pretty nice , but the final book is absolutely * gorgeous * . While there are lots of great mindstorms books out there -LRB- most notably Dave Baum 's -RRB- this is the * only * one that covers ROBOLAB , the standard for RCX programming in educational scenarios as well as the standard LEGO-provided programming environment.If you 're an adult needing inspiration for your own robots , or if you have kids who like mindstorms , this book belongs in your collection !
 I 've read both this book and Dave Baum 's Definitive Guide and both are excellent . I enjoyed Baum 's book more because it caters to an older audience
 I am a teacher in the Midwest and I run an after school robotics team for around 20 5th & 6th graders . We use the Lego Mindstorm RIS kits in our club . After using the ideas from the Constructopedia that comes with each Mindstorm kit , I started looking to other areas for inspiration and ideas . What Ben Erwin 's book offers is more than just a `` How to '' synopsis of each creation . Instead , he includes introductions , inspirations , building designs , programming -LSB- in multiple languages -RSB- , and extension ideas for each project . I 've bought a few of the other available Mindstorm robotic books in the past and most were either ` way over my head ' or ` very simplistic ' . This is definitely the perfect book for any teacher or professor who uses the Mindstorms kits in their class instruction . It is also perfect for any parent or family who creates using the Mindstorm kit in their home ! As a bonus , I also believe that it is the first Mindstorm book that is printed in full color !
 This book is a great introduction to the world of LEGO Mindstorms robots . I 've been working with the LEGO Mindstorms kits for about 6 months , and I 've often been frustrated by the lack of detail in the manuals for the kits . This book provides quite a bit of the missing information . For instance , it explains that you lose your firmware if you take your batteries out of your RCX for more than a minute or two -LRB- I wish that I 'd seen that in a manual somewhere ! -RRB- . It provides a broad overview of alternatives to programming in RCX code , together with examples from each alternative mentioned for comparison . These coding examples are discussed in the text and they are also included on the accompanying CD . In addition to the coding examples , the CD also includes videos and stills of the robots described in the book . The book includes descriptions of a broad range of robots , from the very simple Acrobot robot featured in the Constructopedia , to robots designed by school kids , to robots designed by parent-kid teams , to advanced robots using IR communication and data logging . In each case , Erwin provides the details of the development process , how the robot was first conceived , how it was developed , and how the design problems were identified and solved . This approach makes the book much more than a simple code cookbook - - it explains to parents , teachers , and older kids how robots actually come about . Scattered throughout the book are `` Asides '' that explain various topics such as LEGO geometry , how to calculate gear ratios , understanding compound gear trains , programming decisions , etc. . The book includes appendices of useful information , a bibliography , an excellent glossary , and an index .
 In the fall semester of 2003 , I taught a special topics course in robotics at Mount Mercy College with two students . A Lego Mindstorms kit was purchased and in the first segment of the class , the students built a robot and programmed it to move around the halls . We then moved on and used a more advanced robot in the remainder of the class , because I did not consider the Lego kit to be sophisticated enough . From some of my professional communications , I learned that entire college classes are being taught using only Lego Mindstorms kits.After reading this book and evaluating the projects , I am now completely convinced that Mindstorms kits are all you need to teach a robotics class . Some of the projects in the book are a giraffe that simulates feeding , a flashlight follower , a robot painter , robots that communicate with each other , a machine that makes bubbles in response to stimulation , an infrared fax machine and even a submarine . To get these projects to work , it is necessary to solve some of the standard problems in Artificial Intelligence -LRB- AI -RRB- . For example , the giraffe and all other animals require that the standard problem of getting a robot to walk be solved . The flashlight follower requires that the robot be able to dynamically process sensor input , using it to make decisions . Standard problems in machine-to-machine communication must be solved when the actions of a robot are in response to what another has told it.The robots can be programmed using visual basic , robolab or NQC -LRB- Not Quite C -RRB- . Robolab is a visual development environment where many of the actions are coded by connecting icons . The visual basic and NQC languages have many differences from their true counterparts , basically , they are stripped down versions with altered syntax.Legos are one of the most mind-expanding toys that children can use . Applying some of the concepts in this book , they can be used as learning tools for some of the most complicated tasks that we can try to do , making a machine do intelligent tasks .
 One of the best Lego books out . Very high quality graphics and pictures . A nice collection of great projects . Full of interesting topics and tricks for Mindstorms . Covers RCX code , Robolab , NQC , and Visual Basic . RCX communication , Internet control , data logging , etc. . Includes a CD and a useful parts list . Enough material to keep young minds and adults busy playing and learning .
 The thing I like most about this book is the numerous `` Asides '' found throughout the book . The author takes the opportunity to explain scientific , engineering , mechanical , musical , etc. concepts and principals . The book includes not only how each of the 30 projects works , but he also discusses the trials and errors he made along the way . This background on how he solved different problems allows the reader to learn how to develop better machine , creations and robots of their own imagination .
 As an Associate Professor in higher education I have had some great experiences introducing LEGO Mindstorms to adult learners as we explore mechanical design concepts . What was missing in the classroom was a text that could inspire and teach the students . I have finally found that text . Ben Eriwin 's text is the best text for use in a classroom environment -LRB- home enthusiast will enjoy it as well -RRB- . Covering every aspect of LEGO Mindstorms , this is a text that will develop skills not only in LEGO design , but in product and enginerring design as well . If you like Mindstorms , you must buy this text .
 Mr. Erwin 's book delivers what the title promises , `` Creative Projects . '' From cool ideas for the kids like a giraffe or the `` Tickle me Lego '' toy , to fun things for adults like `` Machine with Minifig , '' there is something for everyone here.PROS
 Of all the Japanese style rpg 's done over the years this one is the best by far . But with all the talk of Legends of the five rings and about how good it is meant to be . It can become hard to find an alternative.But there is an alternative to the corperate heavy and rigid L5R . And that alternative offers you something that L5R does not ... choice.Sengoku is all about choice . It gives pages and pages about the Sengoku era . It gives you the choice of playing Ninja characters . Something L5R treats with distain . It gives you the choice of realistic to flying through the air styles of game . It talks about having a mixed party of Samurai and Ninja and how each style of game is different with that in mind.The information is very well defined and laid out . Some of the rules are a little harder to understand . A little more clarity would not have gone astray here and there . But that does not ruin how good a game this is . This game is all about role play and not about having to fit within the designers idea of what is good.Of them all I strongly recommend Sengoku . And if you find that you just ca n't tear yourself away from L5R then you will even find converstion notes in the back of the Sengoku book . This book is worth the money .
 This is a role-playing game but the depth of the background material is such that it could nearly be a history book on ancient and medieval Japan . The material is well organized and I have found myself reading this book simply for the enjoyment of learning the background . As a role-playing game I think Sengoku has few equals . I own dozens of RPGs and this volume is among the best in my collection .
 Somewhere in this great history book there 's a game . The authors have definitely done their homework in studying the culture of late 16th century Japan . They 've also got a great filmography and bibliography at the back . As far as content is concerned , Sengoku sets the bar quite high for historical RPGs . The actual conversion of this historical information into a playable game is , however , a bit awkward . The book is also seriously hampered by the amateurish artwork and layout reminiscent of RPGs of 30 years ago . Still , I 've worn the cover off my copy of the book so its obviously a worthwhile read .
 I take issue with the reviewer who criticizes Burns for his scholarship . This work has a clear , succinct purpose
 No one can tell you what the experience of changing churches is like unless they have been there ! This book is presented with wise counsel from ministers who have been there . Much of the advice you receive first hand on this subject is less than adequate because it is not thorough . When you study all of these essays together they are sincere , simple , and complete . This is a must read for those who are stuggling with the choice to move . The one knock I would make on the book is that sometimes it is not time to move and the book says very little about when to stay where you are . More detail should be given to the decision making process .
 Paul Robbins is the editor of this book , but each chapter is actually written by a different person . Most of the authors are pastors , and most of the chapters were originally published as articles in Leadership Journal . Various chapters discuss deciding when you should look for a new position , how to candidate -LRB- with very helpful questions to ask a search committee -RRB- and how to get off to a good start at your new church . The book is not so much about how to decide if its time to move , but rather when you 've already decided , here is how you go about things . This is the most helpful book I have read on the subject .
 I read this book when I was in my early teens . It was one of those books you say to yourself one chapter , then to sleep , next thing you know its 3am ! Ever since I read it I have looking for a copy for myself to own , it was just that great !!
 I read this book several years ago when I was in my early teenage years . It was terrific and mysterious . I would recommend it to anyone !
 This book is very gripping . Several things are going on at once . You have to pay attention through the whole thing . The book explores rape , incest , murder , child molestation and adultery . These elements are all essential to the plot . They are n't just added for shock value . If you 're uncomfortable about those things , do n't buy this book . The ending is quite interesting and satisfactory . This was a brilliant story .
 I read Disturb not the dream maybe fifteen years ago . When I saw Amazon book search it was the first thing that came to mind . Definetly the best scary book ever once you start you just cant stop
 I got a hold of this book as a teenager and could n't put it down . Almost 30 years later I still love it and re-read it again last weekend . I only wish the author had written more books ... she was absolutely wonderful ! If anyone knows of any books with a similar theme please let me know .
 I read this maybe 20 years ago , and have to read it again . SOOO good , so intense , scary , awesome !! Great plot twist . It should have been a bestseller !!
 I have read and re-read this book and I enjoyed it.I thought it would make an interesting movie.It was a good mix of good and evil combined .
 I read this book when I was about 13 -LRB- checked it out from the high school library ! -RRB- and I 'm now 32 . By the way , I disagree with one of the reviewers that stated that this book is not appropriate for young adults , come on it 's just a book for crying out loud , give people a little credit for knowing the difference . The very fact that it touches on taboo themes is the whole appeal . And , it 's creepy and gripping to boot . I was never able to find another book by Paula Trachtman and I never was able to find this book again until the internet came along ! The fact is , it 's 18 years later and I still remember the author of this book and still remember that great feeling that comes along when you 're lucky enough to come across a book you do n't want to put down ! That 's the best kind of recommendation you can get and I 'm a reader of every genre fiction and nonfiction . For Stephen King fans , you 'll dig this book . While this is not really similar to any of his novels -LRB- well , it is about a very strange house and disturbing events that take place within -RRB- , it 's horror and macabre that does n't follow the same tired storylines endemic to most horror-type novels . Okay , it 's not a masterpiece , it 's the literary equivalent of junk food , Junk food tastes good is n't that why people eat so much of it ? Well , this book is pretty good junk food .
 I stayed up way past my bed time reading this one -- you know that a book has really grabbed you when you do n't realize how late it is until you see that it 's 1:30 in the morning when you gaze at the bedside clock . This is a very well written book . It has some graphic violence in it that could be disturbing along with quite a bit of sex , which unfortunately includes incest -- not appropriate for a young adult audience . The book grabs you immediately and does n't let you go until the grinding conclusion . One major flaw of this well written book -- all the characters were basically selfish individuals who were not likeable in the least , so unfortunately this writer did n't manage to create characters you care about or even like . You might well wonder , if the characters are n't likeable -LRB- not even one of them was -RRB- , then why would anyone continue to read this book -- through out your reading you not only constantly wonder what will happen next , but you also wonder how this story could wind up to its inevitable conclusion . I 'm not entirely sure I would recommend this book because of the subject matter and graphic nature of it , but I did enjoy the suspense of it .
 I was another young reader of this book-I believe I was about thirteen . -LRB- My mom should have known better then to leave it around where I would find it . -RRB- I remember having nightmares for nearly a year over this book , yet I read it so often that I had it practically memorized . Years later , I went back and re-read it , and while it was n't quite the soul chilling horror fest it had once been , it still gave me the creeps . I do n't know if I would read it again now . It definitely did make me sad . I read the one review where it said no one in the book is likable , and I agree to a certain degree . There is the fact however , that much of the scariest scenes are centered around two five year girls , one in the past and one in the current time period of the book , who witness unimaginable horrors and it 's impossible to not have one 's heart break for them.The story takes place in the Hamptons , when an entire family is brutally murdered except for five year old , Jessica , who is found hiding and catatonic by rescuers . Jessica never regains her sanity , and newspapers report that she died in a hospital approximately a year later.Approximately thirty five years later , a new family , who also has a five year daughter and many other similiarites to the first family , rent the home for a summer that becomes unbelievably horrific . All along as one is reading , you know that the family is headed towards a terrible fate but as the father investigates , hopes rise that he will be able to thwart a repeat of the same tragedy . Whether or not he does , I will leave you to find out.This book is extremely violent and has a lot of sexual content as well . Not for the faint of heart .
 I found this at a book fair and tossed it into my bag when I read the jacket blurb , and read it on a day when I felt like reading something creepy . It certainly did n't disappoint ! I kept saying ` one more chapter , one more chapter ' instead of putting it down to do other things . The plot twists & turns are very cleverly done . It helped to go back & read the first chapter after I 'd finished it . For a first novel , this is brilliant . Paula Trachtman is a master storyteller and plotter . At first I thought the hauntings were ghosts , but you do n't even need ghosts in this story ! I 'd love to see this as a movie , and am disappointed it never was . I 'm also surprised it 's not a classic by now , like Carrie or The Shining.Diana Rubino , historical novelist . WWW.DIANARUBINO.COM
 I have read this book several times . Loved it everytime . Best book I have EVER read !
 Since you open the book you can not close it , you have to go through , to dive in the horror , in the thrill , in the lush . Stephen King fans , please find `` Disturb not the dream '' by Paula Trachtman and read it once , read it twice then give it to your friends , this is the real thing , it is a must .
 My wife never reads books unless she has to for school . After reading the first chapter of this book she could not put it down . We actually read this book together . Pretty macabre ? We are a really sick couple ! Other books in this genre have not even come close . I have given this book to many friends . One friend , reads Rice , and thought she could handle it . HAA ! She passed it on to someone else . She 's so weak . The other person can not put it down . Now that I think about it I want to read it again . Got ta go I need to call a friend . AMAYSIN57
 I read this book about 10 years ago and it really stuck in mind as being extremely gruesome but un-put-downable . I hope to find it in print again .
 i first read this book back in the 1980s and loved it . Unfortunately , I lent the book to a friend and never got it back . Always wanted to read it again but I could never find it in any stores . Was able to find it on Amazon , ordered it and thoroughly enjoyed rereading it .
 Like so many others here , I read this book in my teens , coincidently while out in the Hamptons . I could n't put it down and still regard it as the best and scariest book I ever read . I 'd love to get my hands on a copy to read again as an adult and see if stands the test of time .
 In fact this may be the first and greatest and most ethical of the small cottage industry of `` cute '' sound bites of Mr. Wilde taken far out of context and of sometimes dubious source . Mr. Wilde 's son provides and excellent preface describing the limitations and dangers of this exercise and a wonderful insight to his amazing father . The editor then sums up his strategy in meeting the challenges to this enterprise , specifically the need to check the veracity of people claiming Mr. Wilde said such and such in conversation -LRB- many of these similar books have tepid sayings claimed to have been heard in conversation . Joyce suffered similarly with Frank Budgeon , and of course Mark Twain had EVERYTHING ascribed to him including the weather -RRB- . They also address the difficulty of taking lines from Mr. Wilde 's plays and novel , in which a CHARACTER while IN CHARACTER says a certain thing which some later call a saying of Mr. WIlde . Mr. Wilde in his own voice may have said it differently , but let the character with all their defects faults and characteristics speak such eccentric foolishness as a character development device . THe editor and Mr. Wilde 's son wonderfully explore all the pitfalls of this project and then deliver the most perfect and comprehensive collection possible , ever , possibly the motherlode for all the later fashionable and dubious and cutely illustrated and superficial later throwaways.An excellent collection , substantial and worth keeping for re-reading and reflection . THe most complete of its miserable kind . Please nevertheless read the originals within their intended contexts rather than these naked soundbites , including Mr. Wilde 's very insightful body of artistic criticisms .
 Gordon Wenham has written a well balanced commentary on the opening chapters of Genesis in this Word Biblical Commentary Vol . 1 Genesis 1-15 . Along with his translations Wenham delivers an exceptionally intriguing view of narrative ethics which seems to underline this particular commentary . While applications are never forced the way many pastoral commentaries are , one can not help but to gleam modern applications write out of the narrative explanations . Though his dealings with the opening creation stories do at first seem to be too heavily focused upon , Wenham does manage to bring some simplicity to this otherwise complicated work . This commentary is not just scholarly -LRB- as I find Ephraim A. Speiser 's commentary to be -RRB- and not just pastoral - it is a great balance .
 Im just getting into this commentary and so far so good , excellent material , very technical and informative . I highly recommend it .
 This was a very good commentary , pulling out all kinds of detail I suspected was there in the first 15 chapters of Genesis but had never really got to grips with -LRB- other than Genesis 1 and 2 , where the writer of the commentary took broadly the same direction I would take , and with the benefit of a much better understaning of Hebrew than me -RRB- . No commentary is easy reading from start to finish , but for the serious reader of Genesis , this book is absolutely excellent . Recommended .
 Gordon Wenham has produced a first-class exegetical commentary of Genesis . The bibliographies cover a full range of topics and authors . For each section of the biblical text , he begins with textual notes which are quite valuable to those familiar with the ancient languages . Next he addresses issues of form and structure . Finally , he provides a verse-by-verse commentary . In the process , he addresses various approaches and viewpoints in an even-handed and fair way .
 I can not imagine a less user-friendly layout than the Word Biblical Commentary Series . The series is uneven , and occasionally goes overboard in literary/source criticism . But one up-to-date , critical commentary on Genesis should be on our shelves , and this is about the best .
 There has long been a need for a scholarly , comprehensive , affordable english language text addressing Latin American music . `` Music in Latin American Culture Regional Traditions '' provides a schoarly look at the diverse musical cultures of Mexico , Central America , South America and the Caribbean . Each chapter is written by an expert in the field who has first hand experiences with the culture they are discussing . The text covers music rituals , instrument manufacturing , improvisation techniques and culural/social history of the topic under discussion . The bibliography/discography at the end of each chapter is extensive . This text is geared towards the undergraduate student and is similar in context to Jeff Todd Titon 's `` Worlds of Music
 The sender mailed it quick , I received it quick , and the book/CD was in perfect condition ... nothing else matters!thanks !
 Four Zinas
 I loved this book . It has a great historical content to the founding of our nation , as well as the beginning of the LDS church . It has photos and letters spanning four generations , and amazing stories throughout . I particularly loved the letters during the war of 1812 . For our family , it 's particularly a touching memoir as it is our direct ancestor line . It is not only a must read , but we are purchasing additional copies for our children to have when they are grown . Beautifully written , and well researched . It does n't get better than this !
 Judith and Renie are at it again . These cousins are a hoot!Judith is off to the hospital for hip surgery . Renie is having rotator cuff repair . Unfortunately right before they are admitted , they learn that two recent well-known patients did n't make it after they had routine surgery.Then while they are in the hospital recuperating , the ex-pro quarterback in the next room dies after minor knee surgery . Was he killed?The cousins begin to look into the deaths at Good Cheer Hospital . This is not easily done . Judith is pretty much bed-bound , so Renie ends up doing a lot of the leg work . Most of the staff wo n't talk , but they do find a few who will give them a little information . But then most of them mysteriously go on vacation or are transferred.Plus Renie is not the best patient . She is constantly finding a way to order in better food . Their neighbor across the hall , assists in this activity on a few occasions . Then a snow storm brings the town to an almost standstill . This also means that their husbands ca n't visit.The husband of the first woman to die is a reporter . He stops in and chats with the cousins . A few minutes later Renie observes him being hit by a car in the hospital parking lot.They know someone is up to no good and hope that they can survive while working to uncover everything!I love this series . These cousins always make me laugh . They get into some of the wildest situations ! Judith 's husband and her mother are not as prominent in this book . They really add to this series as well . I like how the author can weave the various characters in and out depending on the setting . They still play a part , but maybe not as big.The author has a real winner ! If you are looking for a cozy that you can fly through and enjoy , you 've found it!I highly recommend this book and the entire series !
 Mary Daheim 's `` Suture Self '' is on of the most thrilling murder mysteries I have read so far . It is filled with shocking twists and turns that leave you guessing what will happen next . The main characters , Judith and Renie , provide constant comic relief in what should be a serios situation . Their quest is to find out who or what is killing the famous patient of Good Cheer Hospital.They go about it using unique `` detective '' prosedures , which make for some ery interesting situations .
 I was getting slightly bored by her books and debated whether to even buy this one . I 'm glad I did . I found it the best yet . I laughed out loud several times over Renie . I mean to me . . she is the star of the book . To me this seemed more like her book and it was funnier because of it . If I am ever stuck in the hospital I plan on taking my food with me too !
 Mary Daheim 's `` Suture Self '' is on of the most thrilling murder mysteries I have read so far . It is filled with shocking twists and turns that leave you guessing what will happen next . The main characters , Judith and Renie , provide constant comic relief in what should be a serios situation . Their quest is to find out who or what is killing the famous patient of Good Cheer Hospital.They go about it using unique `` detective '' prosedures , which make for some ery interesting situations .
 Everyone is a little leery of hospitals , but Good Cheer has good reason to make Judith and Renie nervous . Two high profile patients have recently died after fairly routine surgery . Judith needs a hip replacement , and Renie is scheduled for shoulder surgery . The night after their operations , a well known ex football player in the next room dies as well . Since they have nothing to do but think about what 's going on , Judith and Renie put their minds to solving the mystery and to find out aabout the other strange things happening at Good Cheer hospital.This is the best that this series has produced in a long time . Hospitals are naturally creepy and this one is really strange . The setting of a hospital isolated after a snow storm really adds to the drama . Enjoy it , I did !
 When last seen , Judith McMonigle Flynn , owner of the Hillside Manor Bed and Breakfast , needs a hip replacement due to an accident that confines her to a wheelchair . In a strange coincidence , Judith 's cousin Rennie needs an operation on her shoulder . Thus , the two best friends check into the Good Cheer Hospital , managing to share a room.Before the duo actually enters the hospital , a famous athlete and a locally known actress die while recovering from successful surgery . The police report that both of them died from an overdose of drugs . Judith learns from a gossiping nurse that neither of the deceased were users . When a third person dies under suspicious circumstances , Judith , who has solved previous homicides , decides to investigate without knowing how close the killer is to her.This long running series makes its hard cover debut with a tale that proves Mary Daheim deserves the status . SUTURE SELF is the best novel in a well-written series as the precious interludes between Judith and Rennie appear poignant and dramatic , yet humorous . The investigative techniques used by Judith while recovering from surgery is unique or at least along the lines of Rear Window . Ms. Daheim is at the top of her game as she provides her fans with a wonderful cozy.Harriet Klausner
 Judith McMonigle Flynn needs to have a hip replacement , coincidentally at the same time that her cousin Renie is having shoulder surgery . They are a little apprehensive about their admission to Good Cheer Hospital , because there seems to be a rash of deaths of basically healthy people who have recently had surgery at the hospital . There is a rumor of a takeover of Good Cheer and there are plenty of quirky hospital employees as well as relatives of the deceased which gives Judith a long list of suspects . Her husband is working on a case dealing with homeless people and Judith suspects that there is a connection to the case she 's working on . Undaunted by her surgery , Judith travels around the hospital in her wheel chair and , as usual , manages to solve the mystery before the police . This is another enjoyable book in the Bed-and-Breakfast series .
 As more and more websites come online , and as existing websites might want to have more customisation , the need for a powerful content management system grows . There are several out there , proprietary or free . Here , Hatch explains in depth the free PostNuke system . It 's a spinoff from PHP-Nuke , an earlier free CMS . -LRB- Though the book does n't really go into any comparisons between the two . -RRB- PostNuke uses PHP and the MySQL database . If you like , you might consider PostNuke to be a very `` webby '' way of accessing MySQL . It is laid out in an explicitly modular fashion , with each component describing a block of functionality . Hatch shows how this partitioning is in no small part responsible for a lot of its success . Many independent developers have been able to easily put together modules specific to their websites . Several chapters are devoted to examples of these modules . A chapter each on user interaction , communities , online gaming and money making . Within these chapters are numerous case studies.It would certainly help you if you were already cognisant of PHP and HTML . Knowledge of MySQL is also good , though not as important . The module coding is in PHP , and that is where most of your time will be spent .
 This item came in perfect condition still wrapped and in its box . It was exactly what I thought it would be from the description and I am completely satisfied ! The only problem was that shipping took a while , but I guess that is only because I ordered it around the end of the Holiday season .
 This Bible is a treasure . I 've been using it for 12 years , and am on about my fourth or fifth one -LRB- lots of study notes and cross referencs of my own -RRB- . It 's perfect to take with you everywhere , but more than that , the references are fantastic , and are a powerful study help . I have given away several of these Bibles over the years , and everyone I 've given it to sings its praises too . I highly recommend this New King James Version Bible .
 with 191 pages of delightful stories.Table of Contents include : DAVID 'S SHOES - 6 storiesDAVID 'S NEW WAGON - 4 storiesDAVID 'S PENNIES - 4 storiesDAVID 'S FIRST TRAIN RIDE - 5 storiesDAVID AND THE FIRE ENGINE - 5 storiesDAVID AND THE PUPPY - 4 stories
 I found this book at a yard sale today , and I love the illustrations , and the simplicity of the time period these stories were written . Great for any collector .
 This book was written by Max Heindel , the founder of the Rosicrucian Fellowship of Oceanside , California -- a group which is still quite active today . This is Heindel 's own unique Rosicrucian philosophy ; it is not the Rosicrucianism of the AMORC or any other group currently labeling themselves Rosicrucians . One must eventually put aside the pointless quibbling as to which group harbors the `` real '' Rosicrucianism -LRB- because every group will give a differing viewpoint -RRB- and ask a much more relevant question
 This book has an answer to those souls who have n't find it whether in physical sciences or in traditional religions . Max Heindel shows to the world , as he received them from The Rosicrucian Order 's Elder Brothers , the teachings of a higher philosophy ; teachings that speak to us of our relationship with God , our human fellows , and the meaning of our existence in Earth . I personally found this book a precious help to understand how my destiny is a result of my own acts , since the `` Law of cause and effect '' taught by The Rosicrucian Fellowship , and how we can change our destiny , changing our lives and the way we approach it . This book can change your life . My advice
 The `` Cosmo '' is a book I first encountered in a public library in Wichita , Kansas in 1974 , and it is an event that I shall never forget . It is not an exaggeration for me to say that the concepts in this book have truly changed my life , although at times it has not made life especially easy . Max Heindel presents a `` grown-up '' version of Christianity that takes much thought to grasp , but is well worth the effort.In the centuries to come , Max Heindel will be recognized as one of the giants of the 20th century , along with Einstein and Martin Luther King , and it will be sad commentary upon the benighted nature of the last century that so few have thus far reaped the rewards of his written legacy.If religion were equated with mathematics , church Christianity may be likened to basic arithmetic , and Rosicrucian Christianity may be likened to advanced calculus.Reading the `` Cosmo '' for the first time is one of the most intellectually exhilarating experiences life has to offer .
 I 'm one of those vicarious PCT thru-hikers who merely has section hiked portions of the grand trail . Bob Holtel hiked the entire way and his journey is epic and makes for a great read . I devoured the entire book in one sitting and was a little depressed when I was finished . Holtel writes very well and it 's as if you 're with him throughout every painful mile . When he ca n't find water for an evening , you 're thirsty along with him . When he spies a black bear meandering across the path , you see the animal as well . He really has a story teller 's gift and this book is nirvana for anyone who has actually thru hiked the Pacific Crest Trail or who has aspirations of someday doing it.From the border of Mexico all the way up to Washington , you 're in step with Holtel without a boring or wasted word . This is a gripping book and an infectious reading experience .
 Bob Holtel captures the essence of all essential ingredients that combine to produce an envied athletic endurance achievement . For anyone who has rested on their own laurels of completing a marathon or two , only they can truly appreciate Bob 's accomplishment - Running four consecutive marathons every week , 12 weeks straight for three consecutive summers , on uneven rocky trails and at altitude !!! The solitude of it all , the courage to run with pain and complete the task at hand , the enjoyment of simple pleasures of mountain running - these are all brought home in vivid detail through this account . As an athlete I am honored to have shared the adventure . This book has produced a new hero who has proved again that with vision , preparation , planning and courage you can accomplish your dreams .
 Inspiring Person , Great Role Model for All People , All AgesI had the privilege of participating with Bob Holtel in a Zion National Park Active Elderhostel hiking program , March 12 , through March 17 , 2007 . Each participant said a few words about themselves during the orientation meeting . Bob intrigued me when he said that he had run the entire Pacific Coast Trail . He said that he had a couple of books -LRB- Soul , Sweat & Survival on the Pacific Crest Trail -RRB- if anyone was interested in reading about his adventure . He only brought a couple of them and luckily I bought one the first night . As I started reading it and watching him run ahead of all the other participants in the daily hikes , I began to realize how lucky I was to be with such a dedicated , knowledgeable hiker/runner . At breakfasts I did my best to sit at the same table as Bob to pick his brain and to get him talking about his Pacific Coast Trail run.On the third day , I asked Bob whether he would pick a few parts of his book that he valued the most and read them to me . He read two small sections to me at breakfast . I then asked him to read to me the same two sections after we had arduously climbed Observation Point overlooking Angels Landing on our last hike -LRB- Bob 's run -RRB- of the five-day program . I video-taped him reading the sections with Zion National Park Canyon in the background ! -LRB- At the end of this review , I have written what he read with exuberance . -RRB- At the end of that days hike/run , I took a picture of Bob totally submerged in the Virgin River after his run so that he could prevent overuse injuries by using cold therapy , and a picture of his left foot because his second toe is permanently bent over his big toe because New Balance had inadvertently sent him a set of shoes with the left shoe a full-size smaller than the right shoe . Bob had no choice but to run with that too-small left shoe because the shoes were shipped to a remote post office and his other shoes were worn out and he was going to run over sharp , volcanic rock on the next leg of his run.I also took many other pictures capturing this very unique person . I had been having some pretty serious tennis injuries -LRB- I was 62 years old , and Bob was 76 years old -RRB- and I asked for some preventive advice . He suggested that I go see the most experienced , most knowledgeable Physical Therapist available . I did and now about nine months later I am starting to play tennis with much fewer injuries!Yesterday , November 15 , 2007 , I called Bob to thank him for his advice and he told me that he is planning on running the Pacific Coast Trail again - this time from North to South in two summers . He will be 80 years old when he crosses the finish line in Mexico.After experiencing Bob Holtel at Zion National Park and reading his book , I contacted Etta Clark who wrote Growing Old Is Not for Sissies and suggested that she include Bob in her upcoming third book in the series . Bob was in his mid-fifties when he ran in three summers the Pacific Coast Trail from the Mexico to Canada . This is a great read . But if you want to experience Bob first hand , you could sign up for the active Elderhostel hiking event during the first week in March , 2008 . He will be there!The quotes that Bob read for me as I video-taped him on Observation Point , Zion National Park.Page 67 , `` This primitive form of running , that propels one through open space on timberline routes , allows me to view life from a new perspective . How many people ever go to see anything comparable to this ? How truly lucky I feel to celebrate this affirmation
 I was so inspired by this book that I called Bob Holtel and left a message on his answering machine , thanking him for giving the world such a wonderful gift . It 's not the narrative , which as the disappointed reviewer said , is primarily a trail diary -- though a terrifically good one , especially if you 're a trailie or trail ultrarunner . No , what 's deeply inspiring is Holtel 's spirit , which is unique . I swear , there 's a wonderful , pure spiritual vibration in the writing . I felt better for having read the book , smiled often while reading it , and have recommended it to many friends who 've found the same inspiration in it .
 The ability of a long distance runner is nothing short of inspiring . To have a story like this one in your back pocket to pole out with times are hard . There are a lot of good quirky and fun happening the he find on the PCT that make it fun to read .
 This book really is a must have for the PCT collector . This was a sweet read and I 'd recommend it . I 'd love to know this man , seems like a real gem of a guy . He had good running on the trail , made a great read .
 If you like the outdoors or sense of accomplishment that only true tests stir , then visit Bob on his rigorous trek .
 Recently , Catherine Orenstein authored a book about Little Red Riding Hood through the ages , titled ` Little Red Riding Hood Uncloaked ' , studying the tale 's influence in popular culture and vice versa . The book made great armchair reading for anyone slightly interested in the subject.Now Alessandro Levorato has published a more scholarly study of the famous fairy tale in 12 versions published over the past 300 years . She takes the seldom used linguistics approach to studying the tale , breaking down each tale into word choices and meanings , as well as other nuances of grammar and language usage . This is not easy reading , but it is meaningful . Levorato 's study is divided into six main sections with a final section summarizing the conclusions drawn from the entire study . The texts of the twelve versions show how society has changed , especially concerning gender issues . The book is recommended for anyone interested in any of the primary subjects of fairy tales , linguistics , or gender issues in literature . It should be made available in any reputable university library , too.For anyone wondering which versions of the tale are analyzed , here is a list of the authors and titles :1 . Oral version
 HAD A FEWLAUGHS ALL READY ONLY HALF WAY THROUGH IT
 I have read this book years ago , in Czech language . Please put in Kindle format ! It 's funny and worth reading .
 This was a very good read . I felt the same `` distancing '' from my husband that Betina did for the same reasons ; kids , life , social expectations.The book stands up in todays world , just as it did back in 1967 .
 I saw the movie based on this book when it came out in the 70 's and I recommended it to my daughter . When we found that it is virtually impossible to get a copy of the movie -LRB- it never came out on DVD and I no longer own a VHS player -RRB- , I explored the option of reading the book . I was intrigued when I realized that the book was written in the 60 's - a bit of a cultural leap from the 70 's , when the movie was produced - so I decided to give it a read . Although I did n't grow up in the priveleged classes of Manhattan , I was a teenager throughout the 60 's and I could relate to the times . It seemed a little milder in some respects from what I remember of the movie -LRB- and my memory is not the greatest -RRB- , but it was a thoroughly enjoyable read .
 Great insight into the mentality and treatment of women in the late 60s . Interesting perspective to see how things that would make any normal person angry can be misconstrued in that era in particular .
 I happened upon this book on a public library shelf while I was looking for Bel Kaufman 's `` Up the Down Staircase '' -LRB- which I have read several times -RRB- . I found `` Housewife '' entertaining and very well written , and I enjoyed the 1960s references .
 It is too sad that the film version of this book is not available on DVD.If you can get your hands on a copy of the video , watch it.But first , read this chilling tale of houswifery in 70 's New York.You will be amazed at how much things have n't changed . Or maybe you wo n't .
 The book is very entertaining and leaves you wanting to read more of Sue Kaufman 's writings.Not a `` life changing '' piece , but certainly very engaging story.You become familiar with the heroine and feel involved in the story.I recommend reading this book if you need to relax and have some fun .
 `` Diary of a Mad Housewife '' is one of my favorite books of all time . I often think of the classic Thanksgiving dinner scene , which basically says it all .
 This is a fabu book ... all young women can learn from this book ... this is the man NOT to marry ...
 I feel like I can relate to the main character , Tina . Her husband ignores her and has become a snob with success . Her children are involved in their own social lives . She has many phobias which I can relate to .
 This book is out of print , sadly , which is a crying shame . Story of an upper class woman with two snotty daughters , a weary loyal maid , and an insufferable social climbing lawyer husband , all living in Manhattan . The woman begins an affair with a possibly dangerous man , a famous author . The middle aged crazy emotions our heroine rollercoasts through are familiar stuff , but so well written . And the details of their lives , the wonderful descriptions of apartments and dinners and fashions , of a New York City that is sadly no more -LRB- late ' 60 's , when it was affordable for people other than Donald Trump to live there -RRB- - just one of the best novels I 've ever read . Funny/sad , often maddening , you might look at a real life example of this well-dressed , well - off woman and wonder -LRB- as someone states in the movie version , at a group therapy meeting at the end -RRB- - just what does this woman have to be unhappy about ? You read about this woman 's life , the material things , the parties , the life in the middle of the greatest city on earth , and you wonder why she is unhappy , just what the hell does she WANT ? Well , she 's not sure , but something is n't right in her life . The affair is bad , wrong , and inevitable and as necessary as air to breathe . So just what do women want ? I 'm not really sure . But here 's an insight - `` money does not buy happiness '' . If you ever run across this book , I recommend it highly , it was one of my favorites years ago and time has not diminished it at all .
 I recently saw this on my bookshelf and decided to read it again after a hiatus of many years . Well , time has not diminished the power of this book to engage the reader . Humorous and thought provoking , it allows the reader a glimpse into the mind of Bettina Balser , an upper middle class woman , living in Manhattan somewhere in the late nineteen sixties , who feels that she is losing her mind . Consequently , she begins to keep a diary , because she finds it cathartic . Through her diary , the reader sees a dawning awareness of self , a self that she has long repressed.Bettina married her husband Jonathan , when he was an idealistic up and coming Assistant District Attorney . When his political aspirations did not bear fruit , he left public service and became an insufferable , materialistic , social climbing corporate attorney . He is also a total control freak , planning every aspect of their lives and disparaging his wife at every opportunity . The sad thing is that he is totally unaware of what he is doing to his wife , so self-absorbed is he . They have two equally insufferable little girls , who seem to emulate their father at every turn . It is no wonder that Bettina feels that she is sinking into an abyss . It is as if she were a displaced person with no place to go , no place to run , no place to hide . Where has her self gone?The author takes the reader into the inner workings of Bettina 's mind . The reader sees how she copes with her struggle to find the woman within the shell she has become . In its time , this book was viewed as being feminist in nature . What else would one call it , when the book is clearly about a woman 's struggle with the hand that fate has dealt her simply by virtue of her gender ? Although some of the references seem a little dated , such as the cost of certain things or the fact that everyone seemed to smoke cigarettes , it is simply reflective of its time and quite fitting . Full of humor , wit , and discreet social commentary , this is a book that has become a modern day classic .
 I first read this book back in the mid-1980s , and I just loved it ! It 's funny , heartbreaking , insightful and , above all , entertaining . I may not be anybody 's wife or mother , but as a woman living in a big city I feel I can still relate to Tina . How many times have I had to deal with overbearing snobs like her husband Jonathan , bratty kids -LRB- I 'm an aunt to 8 nieces and nephews -RRB- like Sylvie and Liz , and heartless , unfeeling men like playwright George Prager . I highly recommend this novel , but it 's too bad it 's out of print . ENJOY !
 I first read this book , by the late Sue Kaufman , in the 70s , and from that moment , I loved it . I read it so many times that I had to buy another one because it fell apart , -LRB- the paperback -RRB- . Then it was out of print , and now it 's been re-printed and I 'm so glad that it can be re-enjoyed by a whole lot more readers.The story of a bored housewife , whose husband suddenly gets much richer than they 'd ever believed he could , but also gets more snobbish and silly than she could ever believe , strikes an answering chord in many women 's minds.He starts to order all the family to do everything he wants , while people are laughing at him for his ridiculous attitude.Tina is so embarrassed and she turns to an affair with a completely unsuitable man.The humour and the descriptions of her life with her two daughters and this overbearing husband are very clever indeed , and I really recommend it.I wish I was reading it for the first time !!!!!!
 I bought this book because I was attracted by its title , but I was a little bit afraid it would turn out a heavy feminist type of book . It was a pleasant surprise instead . The main character , Bettina , is well characterised and with all the problems that anybody , any woman sooner or later in her life might experience . But it 's not just about identification . The style is dazzling , and it flows impeccably right to the end of the novel as if you were drinking fresh water , full of irony and witticism , with no flaws or standstills . I will suggest this reading to any one of my friends !
 This is one of the life-affirming books I have to re-read every year because I enjoy it so much . While written in a highly entertaining confessional style , what keeps the story from being just another blog is the wonderfully tight construction , pace , and timing , plus a healthy dose of humor . The writer obviously is steeped in great literature -LRB- Great Literature -RRB- as Bettina Balser would say , and these influences can be seen in the tight plotting , symbolism and illuminating descriptions . This book also opens a unique window into a time and place , Manhattan in the 60s , and is filled with energy on many levels . It is almost an Anna Karenina for the new millenium , one in which the adultress emerges whole and triumphant , and no one is destroyed . Each time I read it though , I find myself rooting a little more for the George Praeger character . One wishes Sue Kauffman might produce more novels exploring the topics of love , sexual passion , marriage and divorce .
 This is the story of Bettina `` Tina '' Balser
 Diary of a Mad Housewife is a really enjoyable read . It 's funny and true . It has a lot to say about life and I would recommend this book to any woman looking for a fun read !
 It 's a classic for a reason , folks . Extremely amusing and spot-on accurate . A very humorous account of the universal quest for meaning that has surely depressed the mess out of us all at some point or other . Style so good you forget to be jealous and just enjoy.A short review is not an insult . I strongly suggest that you find out about this book from one of those professional reviewer sorts . If you do that , you 'll buy it . Alternately , just check your local library , get it if they have it , and prepare to get sucked right into reading this as quickly as you possibly can because it 's just that damn good .
 makes me feel that I understand Tina 's life across time and space . For any woman who looks at her life and wonders what happened .
 Michael J. Russ 's Powerful Self-Talk CD describes the essential ingredients for understanding and unleashing the universal power of positive , intentional , and supportive self-talk . Russ identifies unsupportive , negative self-talk that reduces confidence , dampens self-esteem , and defeats personal performances . He provides dynamic visual and auditoryimages and specific examples of purposeful , responsible , and pro-active self-talk behavior . Russ prescribes a six-step model that focuses on increased awareness of self-defeatingthoughts and linkages to overt behavior . He wants each concerned individual to capture these thoughts and remake them into ` here and now ' opportunities for alternative choicesand verbally assertive statements that start `` I am __________ . I can do ___________ . I will __________ . `` Powerful Self-Talk potentially enables one to consciously plan , produce , direct , and perform valued self-talk scripts and roles applicable to daily life and problematic situations . First , youcan rehearse what you clearly want to do . Second , you can through practice and repetition come to value and claim your thoughts . Third your thoughts can become more focused and consistent with desired paths to behavioral objectives . Finally , by owning more consistent thoughts , you canempower behavior into new habits for any given situation or set of challenging circumstances . I highly recommend this excellent , introductory CD on self-talk for any one interested in `` walking the talk '' by making meaningful , healthy , cognitive-behavioral changes for life.Reviewed by David L. Johnson , Ph.D. , Senior Author , Stop Smoking and Chewing Tobaccofor LIFE CHANGES -LRB- ISBN = 0-7414-0481-8 -RRB- Director , Center for Applied Psychology andHuman Services , Akamai University , Hilo , HI http://dr.davidjohnson.tripod.com/LIFECHANGES/
 I found this CD program to have very simple yet powerful ideas that I have already implemented in my life . Michael Russ speaks about the way to make changes is to change the way I talk with myself . Very cool!This is clearly one of the best programs I have ever heard , I think Michael Russ will be one of the up and coming stars in the self help business .
 By far the best `` self-talk '' advice I have listened to -- and I have read and listened to a large number , when I wrote my own book , `` 72 hours to success '' a few years ago .
 Michael J. Russ empowers you to let go of unsupportive self-talk and make supportive self-talk your second nature . He provides you with a highly effective and accessible manual for redesigning the way you think about yourself . This book is essential for anyone who wants to be truly happy from within and experience success in every area of their life . It will help you to drastically improve yourself and overcome any challenge you may encounter . This book is your best guide towards controlling a personal power that will help you take quantum leaps towards making radical changes in your life and accomplishing anything . It is the key to becoming your best and most positive self !
 As far as screenplays go , House of Games is a work of great cutting quality ; written in Mamet 's recognized concise style , House of Games permeates with a foreboding , volatile aura . When a too structured and career-driven yet refined and scholarly Dr. Margaret Ford , psychiatrist and author of the best-selling self-help book , Driven , is duped into helping Billy Hahn , a young man with a gambling addiction , she gets more than what is bargained for . She is led into the seedy underworld of the con man and all the baggage associated with him
 There came a moment in House of Games , in the movie , where I knew I 'd heard something . I rewound , played , heard it , rewound played , heard it , and found that about the fourth time around , I was patting my thigh , in tune with something or other ; the Mamet-speak . It 's rhythm.And then the script . I read that same scene -LRB- it 's the one
 Terrific band and a well planned book . I only wish that Propaganda 's was still around . After all , they are big enough to keep a fan magazine for thte fans and they could afford it .
 This book is a testimony to the faithfulness of God as James Hudson Taylor , missionary to China , trusted God and His provision in many circumstances . It is an easy read and will encourage those who are struggling with trusting God .
 First published in 1894 this book is compiled from the journals and letters of J. Hudson Taylor , the 19th century missionary to China . Taylor spent 51 years as a pioneering missionary in China and changed the way many view missions today.This short book covers from Taylor 's conversion in 1849 to the beginning of his second voyage to China in 1866 . During this period he hears and heeds his call to missions , spends seven years in China , resigns from his mission society , returns to England , forms his own mission society and returns to China . The true beauty of this book is that these pivotal and influential years are documented in Taylor 's own words.In the second half of the 19th century Hudson Taylor completely bucked conventional wisdom in the world of missions . Many of his peers spent much of their time bringing `` civilized '' culture to other countries ahead of the gospel . Taylor , on the other hand , immersed himself in the Chinese culture . He lived , talked , dressed , ate and traveled like those he came to serve . Other missionaries and many senders viewed him as too radical and denounced his efforts . Taylor was revolutionary in the way he financed missions , treated female missionaries and addressed the spiritual needs of the Chinese people.This book provides an honest and insightful look into the thought process of one of the most successful and significant missionaries in modern history . The sincere words of this transparent man are a benefit to goers and senders alike . He displays his fears , self-doubt , uncertainty and unflappable faith in Christ for all to see.While this is not the most popular book on Hudson Taylor it is the most honest . It is a rare and precious glimpse into the heart of one of God 's greatest missionaries .
 I read this in paperback form when I was a teen and really liked it . When I saw it on the Kindle , I wanted to read it again . The book is very interesting because it is in J. Hudson Taylor 's own words . It tells about the struggles he went through to get to the mission field . It also shows the power of prayer to supply all his needs in China . The part about founding China Inland Mission is more of an overview . I highly recommend this book .
 Awesome book , written many years ago but still is relevant to us today in 2012 ! Hudson Taylor was a man of Godly wisdom ! I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a book of inspiration and mission work .
 I 've been reading it slowly , I 'm now in chapter 10 . I 'm enjoying the tone of the accounts , the stories are described really well , I can imagine them very vividly . The language is different but very understandable and frankly surprised to me that I 'm enjoying it . As a person with a deep and sincere love for Christ , it 's really humbling to read Hudson 's determination to go after the people in China to proclaim the gospel and to wipe away the `` ignorance way of life '' . It 's something that in my life I have not come across to see in anyone so it 's really special and even more so because of the steep price pioneers like Hudson had to pay . I 'm reading this with a interest that someday it could be me .
 Great Book on a great godly missionary . A true hero and inspiration . Nobody is perfect to be sure that is why Mr. Taylor told everyone about Jesus ' gift of forgiveness for our sins !
 I used this book as an end of the day wrap up after science class , and the students loved it ! They found the poems funny , especially the ones about things they were learning - and we even started writing our own poems about science . A book -LRB- or anything ! -RRB- that helps students laugh and WRITE about science ? Awesome !
 This is a very fine book on the history and details of construction of the Holy Crown of Hungary . Completely filled with beautifully clear photos of every angle and detail of the crown as well as the royal sceptre , coronation mantle , orb , and sword . The photos are accompanied by exact explanations of the materials used , symbolism , and reasoning behind the design . The book measures 10 inches tall by 83/4 wide and contains 100 pages . A fascinating look at these beautiful artifacts and their journey through time to their final resting place on permanent display in the Parliment building in Budapest . Very Well Done !!
 Shannon , a priest and professor emeritus in the religions studies department at a Nazareth College , makes an important point in his introduction that informs much of what follows . He offers dictionary definitions for `` death '' and `` dying , '' each dealing with endings . He then gives the Christian definitions
 I sat down on Friday night , figuring to spend most of the weekend `` working through '' Here on the Way to There . I finished before I had lunch on Saturday . It was not exactly in one sitting , but i read the book through in one `` go '' as it were , following its points and even anticipating some of it , but most of all , appreciating , deeply feeling the truth and gentility in what it said.This book is so very much like Shannon 's other writings and his public addresses in tone and pace that you can actually hear his voice in the words . The same mix of deep intellect , and easy understanding , putting next to each other Milton , Joyce , the Doctors of the Church , and quotes from your aunt ! and they all fit and flow and create a `` seamless garment '' that fits so comfortably.I was very impressed , and very moved by many of the things that Shannon said . Let me refer to some of them.The idea of passion as something that is endured , or suffered . Yes , that is exactly what passion is , in any of its forms , and to think of dying as a passion is something that never occurred to me , no matter how many times `` The Passion of Jesus '' ran through my ears -LRB- page 7 -RRB- . The necessity of `` the person ... to forgive himself or herself and open the depths of his or her heart to God '' is something that I have seen in those I have seen die -LRB- page 9 -RRB- . It never occurred to me that `` death is ... something that we do ... an action . '' -LRB- page 13 -RRB- but of course it is . It is something that takes all our concentration . And that is why death is often precedes by more than a week the cessation of biological functions.Shannon says `` In death we at last cease to live the illusion of a separate , self-centered existence and realize that our life is -- and always has been -- lived with God in Christ and without sisters and brothers -LRB- page 14 -RRB- . '' And that is precisely why suicide is not an option , it seems to me , because suicide is a self-centered , self-absorbed act . What we want , what we think we need , a kind of ultimate self-centered existence.The fact that `` you can not see your own face ... . The reflection of your face is not your face ... '' -LRB- page 15 -RRB- is very much like that painting of a pipe by Magritte that is labeled `` This is not a pipe . '' It never occurred to me . And so , the `` Beatific '' vision is not only seeing and recognizing the face of God , it is also seeing and recognizing our own face ! As the Rabbi you tell of did not at first recognize his name when it was read at the gate of Heaven.And so on , and so on , there are just too many things I want to say about the book , too many passages I want to talk about for me to go over them all here.Fr . Shannon 's book is a comfort and a blessing , beyond words .
 Thoughtful , easy to understand , relevant to today 's everyday life in America . This book , written by a theologian is a wonderful book for ` all ' Christians and non-Christians alike .
 Having just lost -LRB- though not really -RRB- a great friend and mentor two weeks ago Sunday , I was desperately looking for consolation in my grief . I found this book in a near by bookstore convinced that my friend had herself gifted me with it . Because her passing was very sudden and shocking , the first part of the book did not call out to me but the parts on what happens afterward were immensely consoling . The quote by Karl Rahner alone is worth the price of the book and its found on p. 129 . A beautiful and compassionate gift to all believe .
 I was extremely pleased with the book I purchased . It was more than I expected for the price . Thank you .
 Frankly , I do n't understand how any of Judith Tarr 's books can ever go out of print . I own everything of hers that I 've been able to find , and I read them all on at least a yearly basis , sometimes even more frequently . The Dagger and The Cross continues the story of Aidan and Morgiana , who met in Alamut . Aidan is a prince from the West , and a Crusader ; Morgiana is a Muslim , and a former Assassin . One of Ms. Tarr 's most marvelous gifts is the ability to weave basic human conflicts into the fabric of history and fantasy , creating an incredible tapestry of wonder and truth . Aidan and Morgiana 's problem , the difficulty of reconciling their enormously different belief systems and moral codes , despite their love for one another , lies at the heart of all relationships . This is historical fantasy par excellence ; a book not to be missed .
 Judith Tarr transports the reader back to the time of the Crusader States , in a riveting tale of love , betrayal , and magic . Towering characterizations of historical figures such as the Muslim general Saladin , King Baldwin III , his sister Sybilla , her feckless husband Guy de Lusignan , all in a slightly alternate universe wherein the Jinni are real , with terrible power , and offset by Tolkien-like Elves on the side of the Crusaders . The interwoven history is real , and Ms Tarr will have the reader believing in the fantasy as well , before this novel is half read .
 I bought this book and Alamut when was in high school and lost them years ago . I was so happy to have it to download and read again on my Kindle !
 This book offers some great advice from the Rosbergs who are know as America 's Family Coaches . It is a perfect shower gift for the young couple getting married . The advice is very practical and honest . And , for the price , the information the Rosbergs provide is priceless .
 This is a great book for anyone wishing a glimpse of what Florida was really like a generation ago . The descriptions of the trip down the Suwannee River in the book match the vivid memories I have of my childhood playgrounds ... do n't miss it !
 This is a fun read . Anyone interested in the history of Florida 's waterways or paddling -LRB- canoe or kayak -RRB- will enjoy this book . Mr. Molloy captures the essence of solo paddling and the adventure of long distance travel in small muscle-powered vessels . Day paddling a canoe or kayak is one thing ; Johnny colorfully tells of the ups and -LRB- sometimes upside - -RRB- downs of traveling through one of Florida 's oldest routes of travel , the Suwannee River and the west coast , and camping in undeveloped areas and camp sites . Visit the wilds of Florida 's coast and the historic Suwannee River without leaving your chair -LRB- or dealing with mud flats , storms , mosquitoes , no-seeums , etc. -RRB- .
 this was a terrific adventure as you take the turns of the river , ride the currents , buck the winds , weather the storms and sense the beauty of Fla. as you cast eyes on development only to imagine what parts of it would have looked like back 50 years ago . You are brought closer to nature and experience adventure that you only wish you would dare to attempt . A great story and a great enduring ride . thanks for sharing .
 Eilenberg 's book opens the complex and fascinating topic of intellectual property , in addition to providing brilliant readings of the major poems of these two seminal Romantic poets .
 Excellent book for beginners . A must for anyone who wants to fresh taste of home made bread . Excellent photographs and guidelines . Included also is method for adapting recipes for bread machines . As the name says it recipes from all over the world like England , Mediterranean and Asia are discussed , not to mention the American and festive type breads . I love it & sure that you will too
 If you have never made a loaf of homemade bread you have missed out on one of the most therapeutic experiences in the kitchen . The sensory delight you will experience as the bread cooks is nothing short of magical.Understandably , many of us do not have time to wait for bread to rise or feel insecure about the process of kneading . Put your fears aside , you can do this . Start on a Saturday afternoon and learn all you can . As an avid reader of history and culture , I enjoyed the history and Introduction chapters almost as much as the page after page of homemade goodness . For once the pictures actually look like what you will achieve in a home kitchen.There is an entire section on breads from various locations . Whether you just enjoy imagining you will make a loaf of bread , or want to purchase a gift for a friend ... This is the book on bread you will both love . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I am relatively new to breadmaking -LRB- just 3 years -RRB- and I have found several of the basic instructions , not proofing in metal , making a sponge , using a wooden spoon and slow rising , to be invaluable.So many bread books are too complex , they are made for graduate level pastry chefs with giant woodburning ovens and pantries that Martha Stewart would envy.The pictures and lists are excellent . I saved myself time looking up the gluten content of oats and quinoa flour because it 's in the book along with information on other exotic flours like rye and stone ground . The pictures of the effects of different glazes , ie ; sugar versus flour are great and oh so useful.The pain ordinaire has become a regular for me . I even feel confident enough in my breadmaking to try out a wild grape starter recipe I found on Allrecipes and have incorporated it into the recipes in this book . I would never have done that before , because bread seemed so difficult and mysterious . As if only professional bakers -LRB- and the Orowheat -RRB- factory could make bread . But here I am , churning out oatmeal bread and pain ordinaire with a salt crust for Sunday dinner!I have tried four of the recipes in the book and three turned out perfect -LRB- not sure about the whole grain-seed rolls -RRB- . In my mind , any recipe book that has at least three recipes that turn out and are tasty enough to be made again , well , that 's a good cookbook.I ca n't tell you the number of times I have picked up a recipe book , flipped through it and found that , in the entire book there was only one , maybe two recipes I would be interested in trying .
 Bryony Wentworth , once a wealthy , privileged English landowner , is convicted of murdering her cheating husband . For her crime , she is transported to a penal colony in New South Wales , Australia while pregnant with her son , and after having her daughter ripped from her arms . Bryony gives birth to her child , then loses it to fever at five months . Captain Hayden St. John takes her from the prison to become a wet nurse for his infant son who 's mother died in child birth . Hayden is bitter and untrusting . Bryony , as well as bitter and untrusting is also fearful and angry at the hand that fate has dealt her , but despite how much she resents Hayden she findsthat her heart has left her no choice but to love his child . It is n't but a short time and both Bryony and Hayden find themselves fighting attraction , and the eventually loose the battle to keep themselves apart from one another . It seems that all will work out perfectly for Bryony until Bryony 's past comes back to haunt her.Ms . Proctor has an undeniable talent for romance . She weaves a tale that is surprising in every way . She aims to please and rarely dissapoints .
 This is an excellent adventure and romance story , not silly like so many romance novels . The author knows her subject -LRB- Australia -RRB- and has researched the history well.The building sexual tension between the two principals and the suspense in the other plot lines make it a tale that 's hard to put down.I ca n't wait to read more from this author .
 I really enjoyed reading this book . Bryony and Hayden make a wondeful couple ... to be able to capture such a fierce romance and translate it into such a great story was a great feat by Candice ... I ca n't wait to read another of her books!Lisa
 From the first sentence , I was hooked . A romance different from any other I have read . Candice Proctor is a vivid storyteller and an exquisite writer .
 Wow ! This book blew me away . I 'd almost givcn up reading romances , and then I discovered Candice Proctor . This book is such an emotional roller coaster , the end will leave you beaming with joy , and the story will stay with you forever .
 Bravo Ms. Proctor ! Excellent book . One of the best books I have ever read . Definitely a keeper to be read again and again !
 In 1808 Byrony Wentworth has been convicted of manslaughter and sent to an Australian penal colony to serve her time as an indentured servant . Still even with her fortunes changed and grieving the deaths of her infant and spouse , Byrony 's spirit remains strong . Captain Hayden St. John needs someone to wet nurse his baby Simon since his spouse died in childbirth . He turns to Byrony , still carrying milk from her own recent pregnancy and takes her out of prison . To his utter shock , she is not only ungrateful for his taking her out of prison , she wants nothing to do with him . However , Byrony can not resist the need of the newborn and begins to feed the lad.Before long Byrony and Haydenfall in love . However , the destructive element from her past has arrived , leaving the trio in danger . If they survive this assault , Byrony and Hayden may find time to explore their budding relationship.NIGHT IN EDEN is an exciting historical romance that freshens up novels that occur during the Regency period by transporting the stupendous story line to Australia . The lead protagonists make a charming pair as they struggle to surmount their restrictive pasts . Candice Proctor may be relatively new on the scene , but her novel reads as if she is one of the grandmasters.Harriet Klausner
 I liked this book - I especially enjoyed the character of the Captain - he 's a real man . However , I would have enjoyed a bit more suspence/action . The overall story was filled with general suspense/action , but there were no mini-dramas along the way . I guess I missed the `` boy meets girl , boy loses girl -LRB- sigh , a tugging at the heart strings -RRB- , boy gets girl back . ''
 Night in Eden is one of those books that will stay with you forever . Most books I read are decent enough and entertain me , but over time they fade in my memory and I ca n't really remember the details . A select few books are so incredible that they are `` vivid '' in my mind long after I finish reading them . This is one of those.Hayden and Bryony are what make this book so fantastic . The chemistry that these two share is so hot , laced with tension , and palpable that I found myself `` breathless '' at times . These are two people that want each other desperately and take their own sweet time `` giving in '' to their desire , but once they do ... watch out ! I liked each character extremely well ... which was refreshing . I usually like one more than the other . They were extremely `` suited '' to one another and are for sure on my `` Top 10 Favorite Couples '' list ! When Bryony is brought in to nurse and care for Hayden and his deceased wife 's baby ... you see the gradual `` making of a family '' . Just beautiful to watch!This is a painful book to read at times . The conditions in which the women prisoners are kept in , and the painful separation that these women and their children had to endure is described in some detail . It is sobering . There is quite a bit of death in this book ... definitely not all sunshine and rainbows , but the realism was so poignant and beautiful that it only helped to attach me more and more to this story.I will not be letting my copy of this book out of my hands !
 For anyone that gets tired of reading the `` I need you to love me '' historical romances , Candice Proctor is refreshing . However , Night in Eden is probably the most heart-wrenching , touching , sometimes sad , sometimes happy love story I 've read , maybe ever . She is such a wonderful writer that she makes you feel as if you 're there , experiencing everything they 're experiencing . I was brought to tears more than once and I 'm rarely ever brought to tears reading a fictional story.Bryony Wentworth is convicted for killing her husband and sent to Australia . I do n't know how she ever survived the things she was forced to endure but I 'm sure even though she was a fictional character there were women who suffered the same things back in those days . Hayden St. John is the man who takes her from the prison to be his servant . At first he treats her like the thieving harlot he assumes her to be but then , slowly , they grow to know one another . It 's incredibly touching and , as I said , sometimes terribly sad and other times happy and I do n't even know really how to describe it but it 's amazingly passionate , such as Proctor 's Whispers of Heaven . All her work is similar , not the usual simpering heroine and arrogant hero . Her stories are different and I wish more authors would write the different storylines .
 I would have given this book five stars but I feel it had a really slow start . But after the first few chapters , the sexual tension between the main characters began to heat up . REALLY HEAT UP ! I found myself getting into this book and I would recommend reading it . Although you may think it is boring at first , it will seriously grab your attention . Give it a try .
 A lot of romance novelist could learn a great deal from Candice Proctor . Plot , character development , emotion , mystery , chemistry . Its all here.This is my first book by this writer , but it wo n't be the last .
 This is the first book from Candice Porter I have read and I can not wait to begin reading her other novels . From the minute I read the first page , I knew that this book would be original and hard to put down . The characters are believable and Ms. Proctor 's writing is so detailed that you feel you are there with them throughout the book . I would definitely recommend this book - you will not be sorry that you bought it !
 Incredibly good , that 's what this debut novel by Candice Proctor is ... incredibly good . Proctor is the younger sister of one of my absolute favorite authors , Penelope Williamson ; with talent that good , I can only say it must run in the genes.NIGHT IN EDEN tells the story of Bryony Wentworth , who was transported to New South Wales in 1808 as punishment for the accidental death of her cheating husband . And in telling us her story , Proctor has told the story of so many other women prisoners , some of whom for minor crimes were torn from their homes in England and sent on prison ships to become the slaves and involuntary whores for hard men in Australia . Byrony was torn from her 3-year-old daughter when she is sent there and spared rape only because she was pregnant with her second child , a boy who dies soon after his birth . While still mourning his death , she is forced to become the servant of Captain Hayden St. John , a war hero whose aristocratic wife has died leaving him a baby son who must be nursed . So , Byrony becomes his wet nurse . She also expects to be raped , and though St. John certainly wants her in his bed , even asks her to be his convict mistress , he is a better master than most and will not take her unwilling . So she sticks to her `` pride and principles , '' all she has left ; and though she longs for him , too , she tells him no -- at least initially.Proctor vividly brings to the forefront life in Australia in the early 19th century away from Sydney Town . It 's a new view of the Regency . And she shows how badly those brought to the colony there as prisoners often fared . How they were treated badly and looked down upon by crude free men even after serving their time and became free themselves . And Proctor has done an amazing job.There is great suspense as we encounter the Aborigines , great sadness as the frontier `` swallows up '' children who wander away , and great passion between a man and a woman who , under other circumstances , might have courted and married in the normal way . Proctor once was quoted as saying `` I like to write about strong women , women who sometimes are n't even aware of their own strength but discover it when tested by life . And I make certain my heroines end up with the kind of men they deserve -- honorable men , men who can be both gentle and strong , who never lose their sense of humor and do n't feel threatened by a strong woman . '' Such are Bryony and Hayden.I loved this story and highly recommend it . Buy it used if you have to -LRB- I did -RRB- but do get it .
 I really liked this book . I 've read all her books and have liked them all . She is a very good writer .
 After the accidental death of Bryony 's husband , being torn away from her 3 yr old daughter , and death of her 5 mo. old son while in prison leads her to , Hayden St. John . -LRB- I envisioned Hugh Jackman in the movie Australia * wink wink * -RRB- He as her master and she as his servent . With the tragic events in her life , Bryony , has little to live for however she endures in hopes of returning to England for her daughter . The attraction and sexual tension between Bryony and Hayden are equal on both sides , but her pride refuses to give in . From there you go through several events of their tug of war of wills . It gets to the point where you say to yourself , `` Can you just do the deed already ? '' However when Bryony does give herself to him , it 's hot and it 's sexy and you forget the repetitive tug of war of wills.It 's a wonderful story where you sympathize for the heroine , but you also admire her for the strength to go on and envy her for the handsome hero wanting/lusting and eventually loving her.It 's the first book I 've read by Candice Proctor and definitely not my last .
 Wow ! I just could n't put this book down . It had me from page one . The idea of a historical romance novel set in Australia intrigued me . It was something new to me and it was great . Bryony and Hayden create amazing sexual tension . Bryony exudes courage and strength and she was an amazing heroine . Hayden is rough and untrusting but slowly Bryony chips away at that rough exterior . There are a few twists in this novel that make this book unique . This book is worth keeping .
 This was the first , but definitely not the last , book I have read by Candice Proctor . She can really tell a story . I have n't seen any new historicals by her in a while , and that 's a shame because she is a fantastic author .
 It is 1808 . Bryony Wentworth has been transported to New South Wales after being convicted of manslaughter . Pregnant during her journey , she gives birth but her son dies after only a few months . Imprisoned in the `` Female Factory '' the distraught Bryony is `` bought '' by Hayden St. John as a wet nurse for his own infant son - his wife dying in childbirth and his previous wet nurse 's milk having dried up . Bryony is grieving not only for the baby she lost , but for the young daughter she was forced to leave behind in England.Bryony naturally assumes she is not only going to be a wet nurse but a victim of her master 's sexual desires as well . However Hayden St. John , although he desires Bryony , is too much of a gentleman to act on those desires . He feels guilty for having these feelings so soon after his beloved wife 's death.They travel to Hayden 's land , a few days ' ride from the large town where Bryony becomes cook , housekeeper , as well as wet nurse , staying in the room previous belonging to Hayden 's deceased wife , Laura.The book is full of great secondary characters including Gideon - the young Irishman whose wife and children he longs to bring to be near him , Quincy the young boy who is wise beyond his years , and Louisa the common-law wife of an adjacent landowner who has buried four of her five children.As I am writing this , I am struck by how difficult it is to convey how truly wonderful this book is without giving away too much of the story -- the characters were so real , the setting so vividly described , the writing seamless , the sexual tension almost palpable . But what can I say to convince those reading this to run out and get this book ASAP ??? Should I tell you it 's going on my keeper shelf immediately ? Or should I tell you I was so sorry for it to end that I 've actually considered re-reading it right away ? Or can I say that I hope the next book might be a sequel -LRB- perhaps with Quincy as the hero -RRB- so I can visit these characters/this setting again?NIGHT IN EDEN is one of the best historical romances I 've read . Please , please , do yourself a favor and put this on your TBB list - and do n't put off reading it . As Catherine Coulter is quoted on the stepback as saying , `` You wo n't be sorry . Trust me on this . ''
 This is without a doubt one of the best romance novels that I have ever read . It starts out just a little slow , but quickly picks up pace and from then on you wo n't be able to put it down.You will sympathize with Bryony as you learn of how she lost her baby , was separated from her daughter , and unjustly convicted of murdering her `` dead '' husband . As soon as Hayden comes into the picture , you will instantly fall in love with him . Although he appears a little rough around the edges , you learn that he is a kind , thoughtful person as his character is further developed in the story . The sexual tension between the couple is enjoyable to read.Night in Eden is a novel that I find myself reading over and over again . The setting in historical Australia was unique and interesting . The characters are likable , and the story is well written . Someone commented on the grammar in an earlier review , however it was written like that on purpose to show the area 's dialect.All in all , if you enjoy a good romance story , with lots of passion and intrigue , then you will enjoy this book . It 's definitely a keeper by a talented author . The story of Bryony and Hayden is beautiful and unforgettable .
 Everything about this book is fabulous - the plot , the characters , the romance , the history ... . How an author can come out with a debut book this phenomenal is beyond imagination . The only drawback in reading `` Night in Eden '' is that it ruined my interest for other romance books for days . You will need to put this book aside and let the story and writing fade before you will be able to pick up another romance . Every other book I picked up after `` Night in Eden '' just fell short . I have loved the work of Penelope Williamson and can not believe my luck in finding another great writer in the family . Please tell me there are more sisters with writing talent !
 This has got to be one of my favorite romances ! I am an avid reader of romances , mainly historical , and having read through such phrases as `` his throbbing manroot '' and `` she opened herself up to him as a flower opens itself to the sun '' - let 's just say I normally scan over the sex scenes or skip them completely . But not the case with this story !!! This story holds some serious sexual tension up until the moment that the two finally find themselves in one another 's arms and when they did ... I wanted to stand up and cheer . * laughThis story is beautifully written . It tells the story of Bryony , who is accused of murdering her cheating spouse and sentenced to a life of servitude in the Australian colonies . She is purchased by Hayden who is in need of a wetnurse for his newborn infant after the child 's mother passed away during childbirth . Bryony grieves for the child that was taken from her before she was sent away ... and the one she lost along the way . Hayden is bitter and struggles with feelings of guilt over the loss of his wife . The author portrays the hardships that the people faced living in such a harsh land and you 're drawn into the lives of all the characters . This story is simply wonderful !!! I ca n't say enough about it.I 've recommended it many times and anyone I 've shared it with express the same sentiments regarding this true `` love story '' . Definitely a keeper .
 Night in Eden is a truly beautiful and touching story of passion , struggle , and survival . It 's so rich and complex in characterization and historical detail that it stands above the best of the rest in the historical romance genre.The journey of two like souls -LRB- Bryony and Hayden -RRB- coming together under tragic circumstances in brutal conditions was so compelling I read it through in a single sitting and will re-read it soon . I 've rarely ever been so immersed in a book.As soon as I finished it I ordered all the rest of Candice Proctor 's books . I can hardly wait to read them .
 Let me say , I love the way Penelope Williamson writes . Since she does n't have that many romance novels , and I 've already read most of them , I decided to check out her sister 's work , and I was not disappointed . Candice Proctor did a tremendous job with a `` Night in Eden , '' -LRB- although the title does n't really fit the book -RRB- I was drawn into this novel from the first sentence . That 's the sign of a good author.This story was very well written . I loved the first 3/4 of this book . However , there is an unexpected plot twist in the ending that I thought was a bit contrived/far-fetched . The ending was also somewhat abrupt , it was almost as if Ms. Proctor got tired of writing and needed a quick ending.Even though I was disappointed with the ending , I enjoyed this book and will be reading other Candice Proctor books .
 What can I say about Byrony and Hayden ? They simply sizzle together ! I had a hard time putting this book down . The more books I read by Candice Proctor the more I am convinced that she has become my favorite romance author . Make yourself a hot cup of tea or coffee and sit back and enjoy a sappy romance ! What Fun !!
 This book is perfect in every way . The characters are so real . I borrowed it from a friend and now i have been looking for it in my local book stores . When reading this story you will not be able to to put it down . This book will entice your senses . If you are like me after you read it you will want to read it again right after you finished it the 1st time . I insist that you go out and buy this book right away !!
 Now I 've read hundreads of romance novels and I was at the point where I thought of giving them up because none could keep my interest let alone inspire much feeling . But then I read `` Night in Eden . '' This was the novel that put me back on the reading horse . It was so bitter-sweet and I was right there with Bryony and the Captain . I do n't want to say any more about what goes on in the story than what has already been written because I do n't want to deprive the reader of one ounce of reading pleasure , but if you do n't pick this book up you have NO IDEA what a wonderful book you 'll be missing . By the way , if any of you out there have found a ook that is anything like this let me know !
 NIGHT IN EDEN is Candice Proctor 's debut romance novel and she packs a punch with her setting in the penal colony of what-will-be-called Australia . This was a hard review for me because I was tempted to stop reading after our hero Hayden St. John entered the picture . He was a brisk , rude , and a someone-to-loath type of man . He acted like a jerk with a capital J . Yet I am sure someone like he existed back then.Oh , and did I tell you that I changed my mind but it took awhile ? I continued to read because Ms. Proctor did such a good job of making me feel as if I was there . Sweltering heat , mud , filthy clothes , the introduction to Aborigines , living without many basics ... OK , OK , I am going to get to the meat of the story.Hayden St. John lost his young wife , Laura , after she gave birth to their son , Simon . It had been four months and he needed a wet nurse . There were others but none of them worked out . Hayden was a desperate man.Bryony Wentworth just lost her infant son , Philip . She was in her early stages of pregnancy when she was found guilty and shipped away . She had been sent to Parramatta prison because of manslaughter . Upon buying her , Hayden treats her like a dog . No , a dog would probably have been treated better.Bryony will put up with anything as long as she can fulfill her dream of serving her time and return to her three year old daughter that she had to leave behind . Her only living child , Madeline , becomes her mantra . She HAS to get back somehow . So she nurses Simon and cares for him in which time he fills the void of having lost her own baby . When she finally arrives at Hayden 's homestead , she tiptoes around everything that was Laura 's . Meanwhile Hayden slowly changes his mind on how he feels about Bryony . Laura was as different as night is to day compared to this woman . He wants her . He lusts for her . He needs her . And I would n't have respected Ms. Proctor if she made things too fast or easy for him . I wanted him to grovel and he did . She resists . And he groveled again . She endures . And he grovels again . He deserved to after treating her so unfairly.The tension and chemistry between the two was very good . Hayden and Bryony were both damaged from things that happened in their past . Where as Hayden came on as an uber-Alpha from the start you will learn that Bryony is the uber-Alpha . Many others would have seen their personalities break ; she has the strength to continue . She hangs on . She learns to thrive and he depends on her . He builds up hope and finally learns to love again .
 This play is considered one of the most successful stage adaptations of Alice in Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass for good reason ! It is very very true to the original story , down to the order of scenes and phrasing of every line . The cast is versatile and variable -LRB- from just a few actors to as many as 50 including the chorus -RRB- . I am very pleased with my copy and plan to use it at my school in the near future .
 This book is difficult to find -LRB- published 1977 -RRB- , but it is a good resource for the middle school and high school math student . My professor recommended it when I was in graduate school -LRB- MEd in Math Ed -RRB- . It explains mathematical terms in a manner that most high school students can understand .
 If you want to know how astrological interpretation really works , if you desire to be able to read a chart in depth , then you must read this book , as it is one of the best books ever written about astrology.I have practiced astrology for many years , and really do n't read lots of books on it anymore . Most of them are written for beginners , or are sun sign books , which really do n't explain this discipline at all . Some are poorly written , or are extremely judgmental , or they repeat what others have already said , none of which I am interested in.Yet a few out there are jewels . There are the great teachings of Rudhyar , perhaps the greatest astrologer since Ptolemy ; he has transformed astrology forever . I still refer to Astrological Mandala , especially when trying to unravel a tough planetary symbol . And there are others that I am not going to discuss here . Believe me , Astrology & Meditation deserves to be on that must-read list . It was introduced quietly into the world -LRB- in 2002 , I believe -RRB- , and it is still almost unknown . Some books are born that way . Someday everyone will know about it , because excellence always rises to the top.Greg Bogart is a philosopher , a psychotherapist , a psychologist , a university professor , a practitioner of many spiritual esoteric disciplines , including astrology . He pours all of his knowledge , acquired from years of study and practice , into this book . Moreover , he pours his heart into it too . That means that it is an experiential book
 Many of the astrology titles on my shelves are reference-type works that I 've only read selected parts of , but `` Astrology and Meditation '' can easily be read from cover to cover . Not only is it relatively short , but there is a single thread or theme running throughout , which is the attempt to demonstrate an approach to astrology that focuses on the higher purpose , intention , or meaning behind a certain planetary position , aspect , progression , or transit . Another reason it 's such a readable book is that the general observations and discussions are continually interspersed with specific examples from the author 's many clients . Greg Bogart writes in a simple and clear style , focusing mainly on the ten planets , and the book 's forty-five displayed charts often show as few as one , two , or three natal planets , along with the particular transiting planet -LRB- s -RRB- to illustrate his point.Not only is it a very readable book , but it 's one that should be read . The idea that we can try to understand the higher purpose or lesson to be learned , rather than worrying about the possible negative consequences from an upcoming transit by Uranus or Pluto , is a very important one that people like me particularly , whose outlook tends to be more fatalistic than humanistic , need to fully appreciate - even if putting the book 's advice into practice turns out to be a lot more difficult than agreeing with it in principle.Incidentally , my copy says that it was published in 2002 .
 I have another favorite here and I am not one to meditate , fact is I barely have time to think lately . I found this book extremely important to me . Once I started reading it - I could barely put it down . The book showed me the importance of stopping to see the meaning of each symbol in Astrology , to value each meaning and see the positive in chart analysis . Its not just informative its enlightening . I love this book , Its a keeper !
 Excellent service . I love the Alfred Hitchcock 's and have been trying to complete my collection . It was wonderful finding this book .
 I lived in a remote village in Haiti for five years and found this book while home in the USA for a visit . I found its stories unusual and charming -- and authentic ! When I returned to Haiti I had a wonderful time with my Haitian friends as I related the stories I had read in this book and they would finish telling them with me and share how their mothers and fathers had shared these same stories with them .
 By the author 's own admission , these stories were n't necessarily the best-told she encountered while researching folk tales in Haiti . The flat page lacks the beauty of the oral tale , and some of these stories may have been a little weak in the telling ; but on the page they reveal a great deal about Haiti , and are a fascinating read besides.Folk tales reveal a great deal about a culture-what it values , how members of the society relate , what their beliefs are . These tales do exactly that . While they are n't as clear-cut , with a defined beginning , middle , and end , as American readers have become accustomed to , they do give away a great detail about Haiti . Life is unfinished ; hardship is to be embraced and studied ; the spirit world is right here at hand , not a million miles away above the clouds.Even on their own , they stand as a monument to the creative act and the power of the human intellect . These stories will infect your head like a virus , spreading and replicating , until you have to pass them on . Read them casually , and you will be enlightened . Study them seriously , and you may be transformed .
 If you 're looking for stories with pat , solid endings , this is not the book for you . But , if you 're looking for something that reflects the eccentricity and style of Haiti , then this is it . The stories are magical and you can almost see the people telling them for themselves ! Kric ?
 The amazing thing about this collection is Wolkstein 's introductions ... she tells you about the teller and the setting in which each tale was collected ... it is like taking a storytelling tour of Haiti . I require all of my storytelling students to read these intros to understand the variety of the storytelling tradition . Plus the stories are really great for telling . AND she includes the music ! EVERY school and public library should own this !
 Although I only fully liked three of the many stories in this book , they were so powerful -LRB- exciting , suspenseful , even funny -RRB- they were worth the price of the book . I mention them below : * The Magic Orange Tree * I 'm Tipingee ... * One , My Darling , Come to MamaI told -LRB- not read -RRB- them to my junior high students and they told them to primary students -- even once during an 8th grade graduation ceremony which drew a standing ovation ! This book is certainly worth adding to you storytelling book collection . And if you 're new to storytelling , these three stories are a great start.The Creative Teacher
 Is a really good book !!! Easy for kids to learn . I will recommend this book to other family . I PERSONALLY ENJOY READ TO MY LITTLE ONE .
 Truth be told , I was n't expecting a whole lot of sophistication from the uneducated peasant culture of overwhelmingly rural Haiti . Imagine my surprise , then , to discover that I was being treated to a marvelously tightly integrated ethnographic study-cum-anecdote chrestomathy . In addition to some uniquely Haitian elements , there are , of course , the to-be-expected plethora of archetypal folkloric motifs as catalogued by Aarne and Thomson . The stories were generally brief and worked quite well , and Wolkstein 's detailed notes about the physical setting and orator of each tale make the reader feel as if he 's actually taking part in a rural Haitian storytelling session under the full moon in the sweltering sugar cane fields . Bravo , Dr. Wolkstein !
 Why does opera exist as a form ? Why do people attend operas , and listen to them ? Why should you do so ? This classic , brilliant book by Kerman makes the case clearly and strongly.Opera is drama ; beyond the staged spectacles and emblambed warhorses that seem to draw the biggest audiences , opera exists to convey drama , especially the drama of interior actions , emotions and existence . This is why characters are singing , not merely speaking.Kerman uses the examples , in case study form , of arguably histories greatest operas to point out why the form exists and thrives , and also what makes a work good , and what makes one fail . He begins with Monteverdi and ends with 20th century works like `` Wozzeck '' and `` The Rakes Progress , '' while also covering Verdi , Wagner , Mozart . His chapter on Mozart 's operas is one of the greatest pieces of musical critical thinking that has been written , it explains the greatness of Mozart as an opera composer and also the near-greatness , and flaws , of `` Don Giovanni '' and `` Cosi fan tutte . '' Kerman also points out what some popular works fail as drama , and thus as opera.This is the single best work to introduce listeners to the form . Highest recommendation .
 The comon view of opera is recitative = drama , arias = music , and therefore not drama . Kerman makes a different -LRB- and therefore genuine -RRB- claim . he says that in opera the music IS the drama . To illustrate this , he enters a thorough venture in the world of opera , from the first masterpiece - Monteverdi 's `` orfeo '' to wagner and modern operas . The work includes a discussion of the works of such giants as verdi and mozart , and also a critical look at the Leitmotive technics . Kerman is imaginative , provocative , write in a clear language . altough the book demands a background in opera appreciation . It does not demands a musical background . To some it is almost `` the bible '' of opera understanding . A master achievement .
 This is one of the most thought-provoking books on music I have read . While you may not always agree with him , Kerman makes you think through your attitudes and ideas . I gained much insight from him and recommend this book highly to those who want to delve deeply into opera .
 There have been many books on peregrine falcons over the years , including some very good ones . I have read most of them . Jim Enderson 's new book is probably the best book on peregrines I have ever seen , especially if one includes the peregrine/human interface . Jim Enderson not only knows peregrine falcons intimately , but he is intimately acquainted with most or all of the major peregrine falcon biologists in the world , not to mention falconers who train and fly both wild caught and captive bred peregrines . Many of Enderson 's generation of peregrine biologists were and are falconers , and the unique and substantive insights of these people , including Enderson , are what make this book so special.This book includes a lot of low-key humor by the author , which perhaps one would expect of a former Iowa farm boy . Adventures to the four corners of the world in places from Scotland to Zimbabwe to Greenland are among the highlights of the book . Tales of perilous climbs by rope to visit cliffside peregrine nests place the reader on edge . There is even a tiny amount of sexual innuendo among a few of the stories to titillate those who are not merely satisfied with reading about duck hawks.Enderson also is brutally honest in revealing some of his opinions and foibles . He talks of `` robbing '' peregrine nests , with the end justifying the means . The reader is left to wonder if Enderson took some peregrine young illegally -LRB- without legal authorization by appropriate government permits -RRB- or was he robbing the nests only from the perspective of the parents.Some of the science/policy/conservation views expressed by Enderson are subject to question , such as his apparent view that `` floaters '' are not a major part of robust , healthy populations , or that subspecific status is not important in recovery/management efforts . History has shown that peregrine subspecies ' status was used in listing the birds at the beginning of the DDT era , but Enderson appears to be saying that subspecies considerations are useful in determining status , but not in management.Any person who loves peregrine falcons or who knows some of the history of peregrine falcon research and recovery will love this book . It is a hard book to put down once you start reading it!Many of us would die to have the chance at a life like Enderson chronicles in this book . This book is a memoir that gives us a peek into a fabulous , productive , exciting human life in close interaction with a truly charasmatic wildlife species . One comes away with a feeling of
 If you did n't want to take the time to read the review by Stan Moore , take my word for it ... This book is a truly wonderful look at the plight of the peregrine as a species . Jim Enderson is without a doubt one of the top peregrine biologists in the world , and has created a memoir that is an absolute gem . Buy this book !
 This slim , but fascinating book , is not entirely only accessible to fans of the cinema of Wim Wenders . It certainly fills that requirement with a number of essays detailing the making of a number of his films , his inspirations and the industrial and creative difficulties befalling an artist in the 1970 's and 1980 's , the most fascinating of which is the trials and tribulations endured with the troubled production and distribution of `` Paris , Texas . '' But the book is at its strongest when Wenders commits his philosophy of cinema to the page . This is a philosophy in which image is all important and in which narrative and the story-telling process is seen to hijack the purity and truthfulness of said images - an attitude he shares with his colleague Werner Herzog . What comes across strongest is Wenders love affair with cinema , often reflected in his films overriding pre-occupation with imported Hollywood forms and images . Importantly though Wenders regularly subverts and challenges such images/attitude , as in films such as `` Kings of the Road '' and `` The American Friend . '' Rather than write with the pretension one would expect of an ` auteur ' Wenders in fact writes in a very simplistic , understandable and down to earth prose style , which takes `` The Logic of Images '' away from the stuffy , incomprehensible world of academic film theory . Overall there is a feeling of lamentation and nostalgia both in Wenders writing and his cinema , which permanently gives the sense that something great and good has been irretrievably lost .
 Do you have a crush on a male singer or a band ? Then this book is what you need to read . B.Z. has this major crush on zak who is a real butthead -LRB- thats what i think -RRB- she does untill she chats with James who is older then her . she has fellings for him but he gets mad at her all the time that is untill the night where zak and his brothers go to the `` Teen Musice Awards . '' i better stop right now
 I really like this corporate law textbook . Very readable and easy to understand with simple examples which help you to remember definitions and concepts . I have been required to purchase textbooks for other paralegal classes which were so poorly written that the teacher never even referred to them ; what a waste of money ! Not so with this book ! I plan on keeping it on my bookshelf long after my corporate law class is done !
 This is a very good book and I have learned a lot from it . Anyone who wants to learn business law or brush up on their knowledge , this is the book for you .
 Don Wilhelms was a member of the Apollo Scientific Team and the US Geological Survey . In this book he describes his role , along with his geologist colleagues , during the Apollo explorations of the Moon . In addition , he presents a brief history of the theories associated with the origin of the moon and its craters , the people and problems involved in the section of the Apollo landing sites , a discussion of the geological results obtained from each of the Apollo landing sites , and finally a summary of the findings from the Apollo missions and the development of a theory to explain the formation of the moon.The book opens with several chapters that describe the early telescopic observations of the moon and the competing theories explaining the moon origins . Specifically , there was the cold formation/capture theory and the hot formation/formed with Earth theory . After this thorough explanation of the development of these theories , the author covers the early robotic exploration of the moon conducted by the Ranger , Surveyor and Lunar Orbiter probes . From these missions , it was determined that the majority of the Moon 's craters were probably created by meteoroid impact . Within these sections , the author also describes the landing site selection process.Except for the concluding section and appendices , the remainder of the book -LRB- approximately 50 % -RRB- covers in detail , the geological exploration conducted by the astronauts at each landing site and the results obtained . Since the early flights to the moon , Apollos 11 , 12 and 14 , were shorts stay , the book emphasizes the extensive geological exploration conducted by the Apollos 15 , 16 and 17 missions . These missions included an electrically powered car , which greatly extended the areas of the moon that the astronauts could explore . These final missions were also supported in real time by a scientific support room staffed with many highly skilled geologists that helped to direct the astronauts during sample collection.I found this book to be highly enjoyable and its covers an aspect of the Apollo program that is usually not covered in great detail . That is , the people behind the scenes who helped make this project the great success that it was . On the flip side , some readers may find the book a bit too technical , especially with all the geological terms and the small amount of the supporting diagrams and figures .
 With the recently aired HBO series `` From the Earth to the Moon '' , interest in the Apollo program has intensified . The series was inspired and based , in part on Andy Chaikin 's excellent `` A Man on the Moon '' . Don Wilhelms , a retired USGS planetary geologist , has written a complementary history of Apollo from the viewpoint of the scientist . He gives wonderful background to how our lunar ideas have evolved , and how Apollo cemented our view of the moon . He presents great sketches of the important characters such as Gene Shoemaker . He presents the science warts and all . His discussion of the science of the various missions nicely complements Chaikin 's historical accounts . He is honest in his appraisal of the scientific talents of the various astronauts.If you are interested in lunar science or Apollo , this book is an excellent choice .
 This lengthy and detailed account of lunar exploration and science strikes a balance between personal memoir and history . As history it provides a detailed and contextual account of lunar geology during the 1960s and 1970s , and a less detailed but informative account for the rest of the century . As memoir it provides an engaging story of the scientific exploration of the Moon as seen by one of the field 's more important behind-the-scenes scientists who worked on Apollo.This is certainly the most detailed personal account of lunar science during the Apollo program , and should be read in tandem with Donald A. Beattie 's `` Taking Science to the Moon
 I must confess that I came to this book not out of a previously existing interest in geology or solar system science , but rather from a fascination with the Apollo program with its engineering and medical challenges . However , this led to wondering what ultimately was discovered on the moon . I then read this fine book and found it very interesting . At the time it was published , there was almost no material available in popular form on the scientific findings of Apollo and the other unmanned spaceflights to the moon so this was a pioneering work . In recent years , other books have appeared that also deal with the lunar discoveries , most notably Paul Spudis ' `` The Once and Future Moon '' and David M Harland 's `` Exploring the Moon '' . I would have appreciated this book more if I had first read one or both of these other books because Wilhelms assumes the reader has some background in geology which was not the case with me . Once the reader gets up to speed on the basic geology which is provided in those other books , one can appreciate more the historical perspective that the author gives on how our current understanding of the Moon 's past and present have developed over the last couple hundred years . In addition to the science , Wilhelms gives colorful descriptions of the major figures in lunar science including Nobel Prize Winner Harold Urey , Ralph Baldwin , Gene Shoemaker , Hal Masursky , `` Mr Moondust '' Thomas Gold , as well as the various astronauts who were recruited -LRB- sometimes unwillingly -RRB- into the lunar science fraternity . I believe that in order to understand any branch of science , it is important to see the evolution of ideas leading to our current knowledge and this book is an excellent source of information on the development of lunar science for the scientifically educated layman .
 This is my favorite Ann Rinaldi book . It was the most mysterious and had so many different themes . I also learned a lot about what America was like just after the Civil War .
 Hello ! In am reading this story for a 6th grade class book . When I first picked it up I thought our teacher made a terribele mistake in the pick . But after reading the first couple chapters it really started to make me wonder ! I do n't know why , but this seems like a historical time that I want to learn more about ! This story is great the way it is written in 1st person ! I think that authors should write in 1st person more often , because in many stories just like this one it brings you into the story and you feel like your the main character ! This is a great story and I think you should read it !
 My gosh ! This was fantastic . I mean , for goodness sakes , tears were welling up in my eyes with frustration at the end . However , as I was scanning other reviews , some people did not even realize how hippocritical they were being in their opinions of the book . Some readers were complaining how rotten it was because the characters irritated them , acted irrationally , or said angry things that they did n't understand . This , dear frustrated reader , is what makes this book one of the greats . It was n't being awful literature , it was bringing buried emotions out of you . That is a writer 's purpose , the reason why they spend hours banging out these words . If something makes you angry , frustrated , depressed , sorrowful , or anything else , it is a treasure . These readers did n't like it because the book brought out an emotion that did n't make them feel like they were walking on sunshine . If you look at it like this , you 'll find you like more books than you think you do .
 I recently had to read An Aqaintance ith darkness for a book report . When i was assigned the book i was not happy to have to read a boring cival war book . An Aquaintance must have been anything but boring . Emily Bransby Pigbush , a 14 year old girl lives in Washington D.C. until her mother dies . she is then sent to live with her Rich Uncle instead of her best friend . It turn out her Uncle who is a Doctor , gets people to body snatch people straight from the grave . The whole thing turns out all right . this is a great book to read if you are a fan of cival war hitory . I enjoyed every moment !
 Okay , we can forgive Mrs.Rinaldi for giving Emily a funny last name because this was an excellant book !! Lincoln 's assination , Grave Robbing , Lies and Deception and Hangings !!! And poor Emily in the midst of it all !! I highly recommend this book .
 A young girl named Emily that lives in Washington . Her Mother is sick with a cough that can kill her . Her Father died in the Civil war . She misses her Father so much because they were so close . The book only starts like this but it is a really good book . I like the book because I has sapience and horror , like the part when Abraham Lincoln dies and they blame it on ... So it is one of the greatest books and you should read it .
 This is one of my favorite books by Anne Rinaldi . While you read this novel your learning about the hard times during the Civil War , ... You should read this book if you like hitorical fiction or are looking for a good book to read .
 You 've heard about the body snatching . Gross right ? While I still consider it gross and wrong , I have a new appretiation for the cause in which doctors dug up graves . Dont get me wrong , the purpose of this book is n't to convince you that doctors should dig up dead people , it is merely to inform you of the history of medicine and briefly discuss Lincoln 's assassination . Give this book a try , I think you 'll like it .
 I really liked this book ! It is a Classic `` Rinaldi '' . I really like Ann Rinaldi style of writing and it is filled with all sorts of excitement . One thing that was a bit different than most of her books is that is was sort of `` dark '' . It is not a real `` happy '' book to read although it is very good .
 This book , is so amazing . You feel as if you were right there with Emily , feeling her grief , seeing what she saw , hearing what she heard . It was great . This is the first book I 've read by Ann Rinaldi , and I 'm making a promise to read all of her material . She 's a wonderful author ! A definite page turner . Keeps you wondering .
 If you like suspense and historical fiction , then this is the book for you ! Emily is a girl who lives in Washington D.C. during a time when the whole country is in turmoil about the assassination of President Lincoln.As if that is n't enough , Emily has even more to deal with . Her mother has died and her plans to live with her best friend were abruptly changed as she woke up one morning to hear her Uncle Valentine say that the President is dead and that the only people she trusted were under suspicion for being accomplices of the murderer . She is forced to stay with the uncle her mother had not trusted nor liked . Emily struggles with the change and her suspicions only grow stronger about her uncle 's secret life as the days go by . This book will keep you on the edge of your seat just wondering what will happen next !
 It 's the end of Civil War , 1865 in Washington D.C. and Emily is just recently an orphan . When President Linclon is assasinated , tensions run high , and people are scared out of their minds . Even more so for Emily when her best friend 's mother Mrs. Surrat is arrested in the conspiracy . Emily is even more confused when she has to go live with her Uncle Valentine , and finds out he 's not typical doctor , and likes to play around with things you would find very odd . I loved this book and I think you will too .
 Ann Rinaldi has written a great book involving two interesting plots . The first sixty pages or so are a little slow , but keep reading !! It gets a lot better !!! After accommplishing those first pages I was hooked for the rest of the book ! This was the first book by Ann Rinaldi that I have read before and ca n't wait to read another !
 I love all of Ann Rinaldi 's books , but this is surely one of my favorite . It has a very interesting plot that moves along at a good pace , and many characters that bring a lot to the story . The main character , Emily , sees things in an interesting and informative perspective , as many of Rinaldi 's narrators do . Due to her circumstances , she is living with her Uncle Valentine and learning for herself what all his medical practice consists of . She is witnessing what happened to Washington upon Lincoln 's assasination , and she conveys this all to the reader very well . Rinaldi works in a love story , making Emily 's interest one of the main characters , as she normally does , without taking away the true meaning and grit of the story , as many other authors do . The book also has a lot of action and a lot of facts . Though I do n't normally read historical fiction , Ann Rinaldi writes so well that she has become my favorite author . I would recommend this along with all of her other books to anyone who asked .
 This takes place around the Lincoln assisination and involves the stealing of bodies for medical purposes . The book was suprisingly predictable , which made me frustrated with Emily and her inability to see what was going on . A very good historical book , but contains no illustrations . I would recommend this one to students from the 6th grade up .
 If you 're looking for an enjoyable book , I would recommend An Acquaintance with Darkness by Ann Rinaldi . It 's set in Washington , D.C. during the assassination of Lincoln . It covers the turmoil that happens in the city and how people reacted . The main character of this book is Emily Pigbush , a teenage girl whose mother just died . Now an orphan , Emily is planning to move in with her best friend who lives two houses down . However , once Lincoln is shot , suspicion is everywhere and Emily 's friend 's mother is arrested on suspicion of being an accomplice in the assassination of the president . Emily is forced to live with her mysterious Uncle Valentine , a well-respected surgeon , whom her mother , for no apparent reason , deeply mistrusted . Soon Emily discovers Uncle Valentine is rumored to be enveloped in unlawful doings with his medical research . At last , the truth comes out and it 's beyond Emily 's imagination ! With mystery and imagination , Ann Rinaldi spins a magnificent tale that happened during a time history can never forget .
 I really enjoyed this book . The story was easy to follow , but very interesting . I enjoyed the detail put into the historical facts and character descriptions very much . It was nice to have the author describe in detail at the end where the actual fact ended and where the fiction began . You really understood why Emily was confused and felt for the country at the loss of the President . I would highly recommend this book for everyone from middle school age thru adult !
 `` An Acquaintance With Darkness '' is suspenseful the whole way through . A historical fiction novel that is woven togther in a way that captures the hitorical aspects of Lincoln 's assassination in a story . The book is about 14-year-old Emily Pigbush and her life is not so good . Her mother has just died and Emily is forced to live with her uncle who her mother hated . She finds out that her uncle is involved in some suspicious business . She does some sneaking around to find out what he is up to . Her sneaking around almost ruins her uncle 's life work . He lies to her and she has no one to turn to not even her best friend Annie . Annie 's mother was recently arrested for being involved with Lincoln 's assassination . Annie is totally torn and will not listen to anyone . Then Emily tries to run away and ruins everything she detroys some of her uncle 's greatest work and damages her relationship with her uncle forever.This book is about how human emotions can always get the better of you . A girl relies on what she wants to happen instead of what is right . Ann Rinaldi touches on some life issues that you could n't read in many other books . `` An Acquaintance With Darkness '' will keep you on the edge of your seat the whole way through . Once you start reading it you will not want to stop.If you are interested in learning some history while reading `` An Acquainteance With Darkness '' is right for you . There is a lot of history in the book . It touches on what went on in Lincon 's assassination and who was responsible for it . You also find out how hard it was for people to make it through such a tragedy . You learn how a town would react if the president was killed . People start to become untrusting and jumpy.So if you like a good suspenseful book and if you 're looking to learn a little along the way then `` An Acquaintance With Darkness '' is the right book for you .
 Wow ! Ann Rinaldi has done it again ! This was a wonderful book , not only because Ann Rinaldi wrote it but because the characters seemed to come alive . The author made it seem like you were in the book by her wonderful descriptions and development of characters . Also , she researches her topics so well it is obvious she knows her what she is writing about , which adds to the authenticity of the book . The plot is also very engrossing and suspenseful which makes for a very good book . I found myself very mad when the book ended , though , because I was not ready for it to be over .
 Rinaldi incorporates an incredible amount of historical fact into her novel of a young girl living in Washington D.C. at the time of President Lincoln 's assassination . Emily , our protagonist , claims Annie Surratt , daughter of the first woman ever hanged by the United States Government , as her best friend . Because of this , Emily is witness to some extremely important events in our nation 's history , and Rinaldi employs this strategy to make these events come alive for a young reader . Never once does Emily 's involvement in the action feel forced , as some historical novels tend to , and her presence at Mary Surratt 's hanging seems neither inappropriate or extraneous.Rinaldi has also managed to include a secondary plotline that is just as entertaining and informative . Emily 's uncle , whom she lives with is a physician struggling to advance his field . In order to do this , he may or may not be engaging in illegal methods to procure cadavers for his medical school.Emily is a very realistic protagonist , who is definitely a product of her upbringing and her era . There is quite a bit of the ` southern belle ' in her character , but also a delightful amount of spunk . I wavered back and forth while reading this book about whether or not I liked her . I still am not sure , but I certainly got to know and understand her , as well as watch her learn and grow . Which is what a coming of age tale is all about .
 When I first picked up An Aquaintance With Darkness I thought it was going to be just another girl comming of age type historical novel . An Aquaintance With Darkness was so much more . This novel not only vividly described the turmoil in Washington surrounding the end of the American Civil War and the assasination of President Lincoln , but also brought up a pressing moral issue of that time
 This book was one of Ann Ranildi 's best . It is very emotinal , a some points I was so mad at the girl and a some points I was afraid . The book weaves 2 problums into one so ther 's always something you have to look out for , and you do n't know what charater to trust . The book takes a historal moment know one will forget and turns it into a book in the eyes of a 14 year old girl , who has no family left but her uncle that betrays her .
 It was a great story . It felt as if you were Emily and your mother had died and you were orphaned . You also felt the craziness that everyone was feeling after Lincon was assainated . You felt scared of what her Uncle Valentine was doing . You also felt for her best friend who had trouble -LRB- I wo n't say what to give it away ! -RRB- It was one of those books you never wanted to end . I reccomend this book highly !
 An Acquaintance with Darkness is one of Rinaldi 's finest works yet . I got it off Amazon.com about a few months ago , and it has joined my collection of `` my fav books '' , which includes more Rinaldi books . Rinaldi describes the scenes like you are actually there in Emily 's time .
 This is one of the best books I have ever read ! The suspense is incredible , and you will be interested until the last page . You truly feel like you are living in Washington , D.C. during the Civil War . I highly recommend this book !
 Fourteen-year-old Emily Pigbush is living through the harrowing aftermath of the Civil War . Her father died during the Conflict , and her mother dies not long after . A self-absorbed and spoiled Southern belle , she never forgave her husband for not giving her what she felt she had deserved . Now , in her death bed , she has one wish , that Emily does not end up with her uncle , a respected doctor in Washington DC . Uncle Valentine is soft spoken and kind . He also loves President Lincoln . So why does Emily 's mother loathe him so much ? She gets her answers when she is forced to live with her uncle after her mother dies . It 's bad enough that her best friend 's family seems to have had a close acquaintance with John Wilkes Booth , the president 's assassin , and whose mother and brother -LRB- the latter of whom is on the run -RRB- may end up in prison and executed , but her uncle is involved in some clandestine activity . What is body snatching , and why is her uncle doing this ? Nothing is the way it seems to Emily , and she might have to grow up sooner than expected.This is a wonderful Civil War novel that showcases some true historical facts with a fast-paced story . Emily is curious about the stuff that goes on around her , like most fourteen-year-olds , but shows a great deal of wisdom and perception at the same time . She soon learns not to judge everything that goes on around her and discovers just how damaging ill-intended gossip could be . An Acquaintance with Darkness is a great novel to read if you want to learn more about President Lincoln 's assassination and some other historical information regarding science and medicine . I recommend this quick and pleasant read .
 A young girl named Emily lives in Washington with her mom . Her mom is very sick and her dad was killed in war . Her mom dies and she 's going to live with her Uncle Valentine . President Lincoln was just assassinated . People have gone mad . Her friends tell her that her uncle does bad things . Emily does n't believe them until she sees her uncle do something very wrong ! Does Uncle Valentine do bad things ? Read this book and you 'll find out !
 this book is a roller-coaster ride all the way , and it keeps you in suspense , but it is one of the best books i have ever read.The book shows inner strength in all of the characters and also delivers a historically accurate story of lincoln 's assination
 This book was an absolute joy to read . It immersed you into the characters . You felt totally attached to them . It let me in to a new aspect of the Civil War that I had never seen before ... it was interesting and definitely not boring . This book is what I call a `` people-y '' book . She forms the characters so that they seem like real people , with real problems .
 This was Ann 's best book yet . The charatcters and the story were very well-written and woven into real history that I felt like i was relly there . The medical aspcet of it was interesting as well . I was also intrigued by all the body-snatchers and read more about them . The author presents a fair argument as to whether the bodies should have been left alone or used for mediacl science and I thought that her un-biased nature was commendable . This was a great book and I think this was definately the best yet .
 As historical fiction lover , this well crafted , suspenseful story was a page-turner I had great difficulty putting down.Living in Washington D.C. during the final days of the Civil War is tumultuous , but with her mother dying of the wasting disease , fourteen year old Emily is embroiled in personal turmoil as well . She does not want to go live with Uncle Valentine , her mother 's brother , after her mother dies . Family friends , the Surratts , have offered her a place to stay after her mother 's death , but before Emily can move in with them , President Lincoln is assassinated and Mrs. Surratt and her daughter Annie are arrested and interrogated because they are suspected of being part of the assassination conspiracy . At this point , Emily has no choice but to move in with her Uncle Valentine . He is a noted and highly respected physician , but something very strange is going on at his house . With Emily , the reader is caught up in the tragedy of the Surratts and the mystery surrounding Uncle Valentine .
 In this book Emily 's world crumbles beneath her feet when her mother dies . She goes with her uncle instead of to her friend 's -LRB- Annie -RRB- house like her mother and she had planned . After all of this she decides to stay in control of her life . By doing this she betrays her uncle 's trust and loses her friend Annie . Annie , in Emily 's eyes , has grown cold and heartless since they found evidence that her mother was involved with President Lincoln 's assassnation . But since this is after the civil war they would n't hang a woman , would they ? I thought this book was very discriptive and mysterious , so in my eyes it was a good book . I like it also because it was based on the truth and I like how the book ended , I guess you could say it was a different ending .
 I think this is probably the best book I have ever read . Ann Rinaldi really gets into the eyes of the people after Abe 's death . The book is very suspenseful and you wo n't want to put it down . You should read it !
 This book taught me a lot . Grave robbing seemed like a terrible crime to me at the beginning of this story , but by the end Rinaldi had made me stop to consider it again . Even if something is illegal , if it is being done for the benifit of others is it really all that bad ? Emily realizes this as well -- what she has to deal with is not nearly so terrible as what her friend Annie has to deal with . Emily learns a bunch and matures quite a bit in this book but after all her experiences she `` wishes she was Miss Muffet again '' . I think I can understand that . This book was quite a thriller and gave me shivers a few times -- it was n't a bit what I was expecting . Historical tidbits are present as well and they made the book very interesting . I 'd definately recommend this book to historical fiction fans who want a little something out of the ordinary .
 I am a big fan of Ann Rinaldi , and I definatly think this is one of her best . It is a great book to curl up with , and once you start reading , it 's hard to stop . Is is about a young girl who is confused and frightened after the assination of Abraham Lincoln . The story is very intriguing and , as with most of her books , a small and not overdone love story is taking place between two of the characters . It is worth reading , whether you buy it or not .
 An easier to read and understand Ann Rinaldi historical creation . Lacked the romance I love so much in her other historical fictions , but pretty good . Written at a much more different and hidden angle , a book Rinaldi followers would prefer .
 This book by Ann Rinaldi is a book hard to miss next to the other books by her . This one we just got in this June . I recomend all of her books especialy In my fathers house , which I read twice . This is a book you do n't want to pass up . she is brillant .
 I am an Ann Rinaldi fan , and have been for a long time . I found An Acquaintance with Darkness and knew right off the bat that this book was for me.What I did n't expect however was a suspenseful romance regarding the state of chaos in Washington D.C. right after Lincoln 's assasination . Emily Bransbury went through a tough few months . First , her mother dies after a long illness . Emily was supposed to move in with family friends , but then Emily Bransbury learns the news ; President Lincoln is dead and her neighbors are involved with the assasination . Thus she tumbles down another path , living with her eccentric Uncle Valentine . The next few weeks in Emily 's life bring about swift swift changes and Emily , herself , is forced to change her views of her uncle and her life . I enjoyed this book immensely and would recommend it to anyone looking to settle down with a good book.An Acquaintance with Darkness is a book for people of all ages and will affect anyone 's outlooks and opinions of life right after the Civil War .
 This book takes place during the Civil War era and is historically correct . It shows the emotions of two teenagers and how priorities change when you are forced to grow up quickly . The friendship between Emily and Annie , and the struggles that they endure , are heart warming to say the least . It is not only about the assassination of President Lincoln and what effect that had on the country , but also about the unorthodox ways that the medical profession had to learn about the human body . I recommend this book very highly . All ages will enjoy reading An Acquaintance With Darkness .
 I liked this book , but some of her others were better . I was very surprised at the way doctors found there information at that time . I have never heard of grave robbing before this . This style of writing was different from how she usually writes . I also recommend one of her new ones , The Second Bend in the River .
 This was the first book I had read by Ann Rinaldi and I loved it ! I have read many other books by her since then . At first I thought I would not like this book because it takes place over 100 years ago , but I was wrong . Rinaldi draws you into the book . The main character , Emily , is very likable . She 's not perfect . She has some flaws , like when she thinks her problem with her uncle is worse then when her friend 's mother is arrested and may be put to death . The novel is also very historically accurate . Before I never knew grave robbing had been a problem in the 1800 's . I highly reccomend this book
 All the dark themes and the mystery is a pleasant change from her normal style . The medical experiments were somewhat unsettlling , but I suppose that grave robbing was common in the 1860 's . I had no idea there was so much conspiracy surrounding President Lincoln 's assination
 This book was good . I have been reading it for a few days and I have not been able to put it down . It is a bit long though . It is about a girl named Emily whose mother is very sick . Well she finally dies and so the girl goes to live with her uncle eventually where she learns a horrible secret about the man who has always been there for her and has given her a home . Finally , Emily must make a decision that will have a very big impact on her life
 This is a stellar book . It will keep you on edge in typical Rinaldi fashion , and it will explore the ethics of gravestealing and what not . It would n't be a Rinaldi without a complex romance either . It is a great read for Rinaldi fans and if you are n't one it will turn you into one .
 Award winning author Ann Rinaldi has once againbrought history to life in this engaging , captivatinghistorical novel.It 's 1865 , the place is Washington , D.C. Emily Bransby Pigbush , afourteen year old orphan , has come to live with herwealthy uncle . When President Lincoln is assasinated , herbest friend 's family is suspected of harboring the assasin.Her uncle forbids her to see her friend , drivng a rift between thetwo.And then Emily discovers that her uncle , a highlyrespected physician , is a body snatcher , robbinggraves for bodies to study for medical purposes . Emilyjust ca n't accept what her uncle is doing.But as Emily begins to learns more about her uncle , she begins to realize that what her uncle is doingmay be for the good of people . Her uncle 's sole purposeis to learn more about the body so he can help developcures , and he 's only resorted to body snatchingbecause he ca n't get corpses legally.Although the subject matter of this book may seema bit gruesome at first , it 's really an excellant , well written historical novel . Read it , or you 're missingout on a great book !
 An Acquaintance with Darkness is a very well written novel . It 's a novel of historical fiction and takes place right around Lincoln 's assassination . The main character , Emily , tells the story . Emily 's life is a mess , like most people during that time . Her dad just died in the Civil War . Her mother is dying , of ` failing ' as they say . Her mother 's death wish is for Emily 's uncle , Uncle Valentine , to stay away from her once she dies . Emily 's mother knows something about Uncle Valentine that she feels is not right , but Emily does not know what . After her mother passes away , Uncle Valentine , unknown to Emily , goes to court and gains full custody over her . Lincoln is assassinated and Washington is going insane . Anyone associated with Booth , Lincoln 's killer , was arrested . Unfortunately Emily 's best friend , Annie 's , mother was of close association with Booth . Mrs. Mary , Annie 's mother is arrested , in prison , and condemned to be hung . this only gives Emily more confusion , not to mention the fact that her secret crush , Annie 's brother Johnny , has run away and has not been heard from , plus Emily is living with her uncle . At first this seemed a fine arrangement until Emily learns that there is more to her uncle 's profession as a doctor . With the city in an uproar , Emily does n't know what to do , where to go , who to talk to , or even who she can trust . Emily is left alone and confused . This is such a great , involved novel . Some of it is fictional , but much of the basis for the story is factual . The book is so good that you would have never known that it was n't entirely true if you did n't read the Author 's note .
 Emily Pigbush is an orphan . In the first few chapters of the book , she loses her mother , and her father is long gone from the war.She is left to live with her best friend Annie , the daughter of Mary Surratt.That night , there is a great outcry in the city of Washington , where Emily lives . Mr. Lincoln , the president , has been shot dead . Emily is even more stunned when she hears who had done it -- the man who had been staying with the Surratt 's , John Wilkes Booth . The Surratts are thrust into investigation for connection to the murder . Emily is sent to stay with her rich uncle instead , Valentine . She gets along well there , until she uncovers a sinister secret from a woman staying in the house -- her uncle could be a bodysnatcher . She pursues the idea , quietly , until she is confronted at school by a reporter 's daughter . Her fears are confirmed when she sees the proof with her own eyes . She loses herself in her own emotions ; love for Robert , a man Valentine saved , hate for all of them.A very good illustration of the Civil War and the unjustly accused .
 This book was an awesome book by Ann Rinaldi . This story takes place during the time right after Lincoln was assinated . A girl named Emily has a mother who is deadly ill . Her mother knew that she was about to die and she told Emily that she needed to live wih someone . Emily wants to live wiht her aunt in Philidelphia , but her om wants her to live with her good friend next door . Emily 's uncle Valintine comes into town to see Emily 's mother . Valintine tries to tell Emily that she needs to come live with him . emily 's mother does n't want Emily to go live with him . Emily decides to go visit her uncle . While she is there she meets an old crazy black lady that lives upstairs . She tells Emily that her uncle has a big secert and that Emily needs to help get the old lady out . Emily is told that the big seceret is in her uncle 's shed where NO ONE is allowed . To find out the secert you have to read this awesome book !!!
 This was one of my favorite Rinaldi books , out of all 12 that I 've read . Emily Pigbush 's mother dies in the beginning , and she has to choose between living with Annie Suratt , Mary Suratt 's daughter , and her Uncle Valentine , a very good doctor . When she ends up unwillingly staying with her Uncle , she learns something terrible about him , that forces her to run away . When his assistant finds her and brings her home , Emily discovers that the crime her uncle commits is for the good of everyone . I do n't want to give it away , but this book is fascinating , and I forgot to say that it is during the time of Lincoln 's assassination . I would reccommend ALL of Rinaldi 's books , even though I have n't read them all . I just know they 're good anyways !
 Ann Rinaldi perfectly captured the scene of President Lincoln 's assassinaqtion and focusing on the troubles that followed the event . `` An Acquatiance with Darkness , '' was an extremely entertaining historical novel with a twist of evil . As someone who never found an interest in a historical novel before , this book , based around Lincoln 's assassination left me turning pages eagrly . His assassination lead to many problems in the life of Ms. Emily Pigbush . Rinaldi leads you day by day through her life and explains her feelsings towards the trials of her friend 's mother , the search for her beloved friend who disappeared , and the secrets that she uncovers about her highly respected uncle , Dr. Valentine . As much as the story seems plainly laid before you , you later find out that it is not as simple as it seems . This book is filled with hate , love , evil , and an all over feeling of jealousy . Even though thi book is a historical , Rinaldi did not dwell on the actual assassination , but its effects . The time peroid was very vividly described giving you a feeling that you are actually there when the4 soldiers return home from fighting the Civil War . Even though it is mostly about Emily , that does n't mean in any way that the story is girlish or based on her adolescent problems . The book is perfectly appropriate for a girl or a boy . This book may not be for everyone , but I strongly encourage anyone looking for a book about a very important time in history with a twist of lies and evil I would suggest , `` An Acquaintance with Darkness . '' Another plus to this book would be that knowing that it is a historical novel , the events did take place . AT the very end of the book , the author wrote a little section about what really happened to all the characters after she stopped writing . She also explained more about what was going on at the time period in detail . This book was very enjoyable and I would suggest it to anyone at any age level .
 I have read many of Ann Rinaldi 's books and I think they are wonderful ! She puts so much detail into them , it is unbelievable ! Forteen-year-old Emily lives in Washington D.C. during the Civil War . Her mother has died and she is going to live with the Surratt 's . But the son , Johnny , has been accused of being in on the assasination of the president . Her uncle takes her to live with him because the Surratt 's house is under suspicion , which is against her mother 's wishes . She had always hated Uncle Valentine for what reason , Emily does not know . But she has no choice . Then she finds out that her uncle may be in on body snatching ! He uses the bodies for research . Can Emily confront her uncle or does she have to bear the guilt of going against her mother 's wishes ?
 This book was my first Ann Rinaldi book . I was stunned by it . It was just absolutly wonderful - filled with everything and just about anything you could want , -LRB- at least what I wanted -RRB- . It was my favorite book . If you 're a great historical fiction lover and/or Ann Rinaldi story lover this would be an extrememly nice addition for your reading buds.The book 's main character -LRB- whom you 've probably already found out -RRB- is fourteen year old Emily Pigbrush , who experiences through many tragic events . First her widow mother dies and she decides to live with her best friend , Annie Surratts . But on the night before she moves out the greatest of all misfortunes happen - President Lincoln gets shot and suspicion falls on the Surratts . Forced to go and live with Uncle Valentine , Emily finds out more as to why her mother hated her brother so much . As to the rest , you really should find out yourself . In the end the story leaves you a strange feeling . One that signals the end but it leaves you kind of sad . Over all it 's a great book .
 I loved An Aquaintance With Darkness ! It was one of those books that when most of the mysteries have been solved another mystery pops up . One of the things I liked about it was that it is a historical novel , but not one of those historical novels that were too educacating . It was spooky and mysterious . The book was so well writen you 'd actully think you were living in the time after the Cival War . I hope many people will read and enjoy this book .
 An Acquaintance With Darkness is a thirlling , exciting and forshadowing book.Ann Rinaldi really makes this historical fiction novel , fun and exciting to read.We really enjoyed reading the book , we also recommend it to all students .
 An Acquaintance With Darkness is a thirlling , exciting and forshadowing book.Ann Rinaldi really makes this historical fiction novel , fun and exciting to read.We really enjoyed reading the book , we also recommend it to all students .
 I picked this book for my history book report and at first I did n't think I ` de like it , but once I read the first page , I feel in love with it . What made me really like it though was that so much of it is true .
 Throughout the book it is awesome how Anne Rinaldi has tied history to fiction . Oboiusly she has spent a lot of time researching to come up with such a clever , well thought out book ! It was fabulous !
 This a dark and mysterious book about an interesting and unthought of topic . The book makes the characters realistic . It is haunting and morbid . I would suggest this book for anyone who would like a most creative and intersting view on the Civil War .
 The first paragraph or so , it was like Mrs. Rinaldi you can do better but as I read on I was like I take that back . I totally fell into the Washington D.C. backdrop . If I had to recommend this book to a person I 'd also tell them this
 This is the first Ann Rinaldi book that I have ever read and I really enjoyed it . The story was so well put together and had extremely reasearched information . The Lincoln assasination is something in history that I like to research and Ann Rinaldi really did a good job of piecing it together .
 This book not only kept me reading and reading , it also was suspenseful and thrilling . Emily was a truly wonderful character and all of the other characters had colorful personalities as well . If you like suspense and romance too , get this book today ! You 'll absolutely love it .
 there was n't enough romance though.I wish her books were longer
 I am in a unique position to make mention of this book . I am currently a graduate student at the University of Wisconsin . I originally used this book , in unpublished form , as a freshman in Dr. Siska 's course . As a senior I helped to teach from this book by holding extra help session for Dr. Siska . Since then , I have had the opportunity to teach from two other general chemistry books . Dr. Siska 's University Chemistry is the most physically oriented general chemistry book you are likely to come by . His general approach allows for any budding young chemist to gain an impeccable understanding of the physical foundation of chemistry . Additionally , this text does not read like most introductory texts . Dr. Siska 's humor and love for the history of science shine through . I looked back at the unpublished versions of this text many times during my undergraduate education and obtained a hard cover version as soon as I could . I highly recommend this book .
 I was a student in Dr. Siska 's Honors Chemistry course in 2003-2004 . Although this book was not yet professionally published , I used Dr. Siska 's self-published version . I can honestly say that I learned more from this text than any other chemistry text . The difference is that Dr. Siska forces students to solve basic Physical Chemistry problems in this book , which requires an intrinsic understanding of General Chemistry . If you can solve -LRB- and more importantly , explain -RRB- the solutions to the problems in this text , then it is more than likely that you have mastered the underlying concepts in General Chemistry I and II . I 'm a huge fan and I give this book two thumbs up .
 There was a lot of detail and information in this book , but not enough examples and the quantum mechanics section was not covered very well . probably since it would be beyond the scope of the book otherwise .
 Kate Hawks may be a new name in the genre , but she writes with the sureness of a master . Anyone who has enjoyed the unabashed romanticism of Alfred Noyes 's poem `` The Highwayman '' wo n't be disapointed in this fleshing out of both story and characters . From the quickly drawn sketches of the innkeeper -LRB- whose daughter Bess falls in love with the young highwayman -RRB- to the portrait of mercurial Abel Gant -LRB- mentor , philosopher and friend of the young bandit , Jason Quick -RRB- the cast is believeably human . And the love story between Bess and Jason draws the reader right into their world . A delightful read with some substance as well .
 When I found out this book was based on my favorite poem , I just had to read it . I 'm glad I did . It 's a rich , masterful rendering of `` The Highwayman '' by Noyes , with complex characters . Hawks brought the poem alive , made me feel for the characters , root them along . Even though I knew the ending from the poem , I cried anyway . Beautiful!This is a must read for any who love `` The Highwayman '' by Noyes .
 I know the poem , and I knew it before Lorena McKennit 's rendering . Even though I used to listen to that CD incessantly , for some reason it did n't click with me , until the very end - I mean the END , when I turned the page and found the poem . But it was too late because I was absolutely depressed by the ending and then I read the poem and then I got this huge lump in my throat and then I wished I had n't stayed up to finish the book.It was riveting . I do n't agree with the two reviews below - the person who apparently does n't realize Lorena McKennit did n't write the words , just put them to music , or the reader who felt the characters were n't fleshed out . In my opinion , the story was well developed , both the plot and the characters had depth , and the foundation for the finality of the story/the poem was superbly done.It took me a while to get to sleep , and that 's unusual for me . I do n't know if I 'd read it again . I know the ending and it was too sad . I love West Side Story and Romeo and Juliet , but I wo n't read or watch either one of them again either.And to think I almost did n't check it out of the library . Despite the heartbreaking ending , I 'd have missed a real treat .
 I know the much loved Poem written ALFRED NOYES . It was a favourite of mine since childhood , so I was delighted when this book was given to my as a gift . It is a true homage to the essence of the poem The book is rich in detail , the revealing of the characters masterful , making them leap off the page in this a work of love.A must for anyone a favourite of the beloved poem by Noyes !!!
 This was a very good book , while not excellent . The characters , mostly Bess , were somewhat superficial and shallow , but this got better as the book progressed . As far as I am concerned , the only problem was the author 's tendency to write page-long narratives of Bess 's slightly maundering thoughts , which were fairly uninteresting and repetitive . But , as I said , it got much better by the end , and the final conclusion was very emotionally moving -LRB- I cried -RRB- , even though anyone who 's read Alfred Noyes ' `` The Highwayman '' knew what would happen.The author is excellent at writing dark , emotional endings , and she used this ability to the full in this book . While there are the aforementioned problems , it 's most definitely a page-turner , and if you like `` The Highwayman '' at all , you 're pretty much guaranteed to like `` Watch by Moonlight '' . It 's not the sort of book you keep under your pillow and memorize , but it 's a very good read even the second and third time .
 I 'm assuming the quote from `` The Highway Man '' that 's used in the title comes from the poem of the same name by Alfred Noyes , which existed long before Ms.MeKenna 's song of that title .
 This is the first book where the reader is taken through Bierce 's life in his own words . From his experiences in the Civil War until his mysterious disappearance into Mexico in 1913 , `` Sole Survivor '' tells Bierce 's tale through his stories , newspaper work , and personal correspondence . A must-have volume for anyone interested in the great American journalist and author .
 This excellent collection of Ambrose Bierce 's writing , organized to replace the autobiography he never wrote.BUT , this is certainly not a biography . Bierce is not always fun to read . If you 're looking for a fun biography , look elsewhere . If you 've read enough of Bierce 's writings to know what you 're getting , give this book serious consideration .
 I find in Bierce a kindred spirit and read the book through in short order . Even in light of the five star rating , I wish the editor had given a little more space to some of the &#34; beefs &#34; with individual luminaries that gave rise to Bierce 's barbed verse , as in Black Beetles in Amber .
 Do not purchase a Lovebird until you read this book ! This book is filled with important information . There is so much that I would have been completely ignorant to if I had not purchased this book . It helped my find the right cage , told me about dangerous toys , first aid , different species , etc. . This book contains everything , if you only want to buy one book on lovebirds , make it this one . This book talks about things you would never think of , it is truly a wonderful and informative book . You can tell that the author loves lovebirds , and cares for their well-being . I am so impressed with this book , that if I decide to get another bird one day , I will turn to the same collection . I am looking forward to the arrival of my first baby lovebird , and because of this book , I feel confident and at ease that I can provide a safe and loving home for my bird .
 A visit to my local library yielded many books about breeding lovebirds , with little focus on the pet owner who wished to keep a single lovebird just as a pet . This book was a lifesaver ! It was thorough , as well as fun and simple to read . I am buying the Cockatiel book in the same series for a friend who owns one because this book impressed me so much !
 If you 're getting a lovebird or 2 for a pet this is a great book . It goes over feeding , health , and all the other things a bird would need . It doesnt talk about breeding though . It goes over the different species which is nice . . The reason I gave it 4 stars was because it did n't talk about breeding . But as a pet book , it should be 5 starts : -RRB-
 I was extremely nervous interacting with my new lovebird . Reading this book was easy and highly enjoyable , it was almost like talking with an old friend . I 'm much more aware of the needs of my lovebird and have a much more enjoyable time .
 This book is a great book for first time lovebird owners . It covers everything there is to know about them . But only one problem-doesn ' t talk about breeding .
 I ordered this book because I just purchased my first Love bird . Good book , gave me pointers on how to clean , fed , and trainmy new pet . I would recommend this book to those who would like to learn about Love Bird behavior . It is easy to understand , andthere are illustrations to make you better understand . Good book !
 I 'm glad to see this book is still available . It really helped me years ago when I needed to pull out of post-divorce lethargy . The fact , that it is still in-print , shows the enduring quality of his advice.Putting our life `` on hold '' is a bad habit and not easy to change . Lots of people could benefit from a book on breaking free from procrastination or getting themselves out of a rut .
 This is an excellent book . It 's very interesting and was the first book of it 's kind that I have read . I gives color and light suggestions for different environments such as schools , office spaces , etc. . It gives detailed scientific information about why these colors and types of light are good to use in these environments that is easy to understand . I think this book is a must have for all interior designers who care about the effects the environment they design will have on the people that will be in it !
 Help ! My cousin in Brazil is trying to contact the author of this book . The letter he sent was returned to him as the address being no good . He had gotten the address out of the back of the book . Does anyone know how to contact the author ?
 This book surpasses all others currently available in terms of accuracy , subtlety , and complexity-a remarkable achievement , given the vastness of the task . An excellent introduction to Asian religions for college-level students , superbly supplemented by essays in the volumes from which these essays were excerpted .
 The following was written as a sort of `` after the discussion of the book response '' to the professor . Through seeing what responses I had , and the issues I picked up on especially you can gain a better understanding of the book . In general , it 's good point is that it covers a lot of ground , and it covers `` practice '' not `` philosophy '' or `` history '' . It 's low points ... the Japan chapter was particularly poorly synthesized , the two chapters by Lopez ignored Korea -LRB- and it 's major contribution to Buddhism -RRB- , the typographical errors , and the short length for such a major topic . It 's about `` Asian '' religions , but entirely focused on Indian religions , almost entirely Mahayana Buddhism , no mention of SE Asian religiosity or changes to practices there , no mention of newer religions in for example Vietnam or the interesting interpretation of Islam in Indonesia . To improve , rewrite the Japan chapter , fix the typos , add a chapter on Korea and a chapter on Vietnam , and SE Asian Buddhism and SE Asian Islam . On the other hand , this book is a collection of the introductory essays for five other books , and you can just buy the five and get lots more details , I 'm sure.In fact , I felt disappointed by this book . Throughout the book , Lopez , the primary author , neglects the impact of Korea on Buddhism , and the books seems to imply that in Korean religions ; in shamanism , Buddhism and Korea 's interpretation of Zhu Xi Neo-Confucianism there is nothing new to say , or original or different . The message of the book is that yet again , if you know China and Japan , you 've got Korean covered . Perhaps just on an emotional level is makes me angry to no end when Korea is unreasonably ignored , and I felt like a scholar of Lopez 's repute should never have done so . Furthermore , as I own his `` Buddhism in Practice '' and am waiting for the delivery of `` Tibetan Religions '' , I sure hope that his other books exhibit more attention to typographical errors than this one . I find it extremely unprofessional and generally disappointing to find words where letters have been reversed or a letter is missing from the beginning of the word and so on.I found issue with the repeated use of the term `` syncretic '' . Even now , as I check the dictionary definition of the word to see if I am understanding it correctly -LRB- Syncretic
 To be one of the best cartoonists , you must be capable of twisting yourself into a form that allows you to look at the world through a sequence of fun house mirrors . Dan Piraro is such a person . His cartoons present a face of the world that is always there ; ordinarily it is hidden by some very effective makeup . Piraro strips off that chemical facade and shows the world as it is . You will love these cartoons , but only if you are a little bit twisted yourself .
 Well , this is a great collection . The artwork is great , but it 's the clever conceptions that make these cartoons so funny . There are no stock characters or favorite themes , every panel is original and fresh . Highly recommended .
 Gave this book to my son at Christmas and he so enjoys the wit and humor of Bizarro ! A great gift for a heavy duty fan of Bizarro !!
 The reason I chose that title is because Dan Piraro seems to think of simple everyday things and then let loose his imagination to create these amazing comics . Just like The Far Side and Steven Wright , there are things in his books that will make you think `` why did n't I think of that ? '' Of course , there are also some that will make you scratch your head . All the while , you will be looking at some of the greatest comic art ever shown in a newspaper . This guy has a gift and you owe it to yourself to check out the often weird , often hilarious world created by the brain of Dan Piraro . I 'm glad I did !
 My copy of this book is nearly destroyed from all the use it receives . This book is not just for winter . Many of the tours described have also turned out to be excellent mountain bike routes and hiking trips . The descriptions of the areas the routes traverse could be expanded , but the route information itself is first class .
 I had the first -LRB- 1985 -RRB- edition and find the second -LRB- 1995 -RRB- edition greatly expanded . It went from 78 to 102 tours in 167 to 256 pages . The maps are more detailed -- about 2 inches per mile instead of 1 inch . I find more detailed descriptions of side trips than before.The tours are described with a mileage log instead of a narrative format . I find it easier to find where I am in this format.The only thing I would add is an index , but due to its detailedness , I still rate the book excellent and worth buying , even if you have the old edition .
 Sufficient detail and a whole lot of information - perhaps too much information , it 's a thick book - to plan ski tours , generally for lightweight touring gear , e.g. classic Nordic skis or 3-pin tele 's . Alpine riders seeking vertical ft look for George Hurchalla 's book .
 This book is amazing . It is a must for Basset lovers worldwide . It has very nice photography work that is complemented by the detailed text . The author included many helpful ideas for your dog . It teaches how to breed them , how to care for them , and last but not least , how to love them . I would reccomend it to almost anyone who is interested in dogs in general or just Basset Hounds . As I Basset lover , I learned many new facts about my favorite breed , and I 'm sure you would achieve the same .
 This is the first book I bought when I got my Basset Hound named Apple . . and I can say that it has taught me a lot in caring , loving , feeding , understading my Apple ... It has all the things that u need to know about Bassets and their needs ... their sorroundings ... their personal stuffs , from combs , to shampoos , to perfumes , to food , to their living quarters , and most of all in everything ... so , guys ! go on and buy this book . It will help you understand them more !
 The stories in `` The Mishomis Book '' give an excellent background for the Anishnabe culture . I have heard Anishnabe Elders refer to it as a children 's bible for the Anishnabe.It begins with the origin of the Anishnabe People . It continues through many of the stories that establish the mores and society of this culture . All of these stories are written in a way children can understand.I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in the culture of the Woodland Indians . It has been a beginning point of understanding this culture for me and , I am certain , many others .
 Great book to read with children to explain the Ojibwe creation story and other stories .
 I had to buy this for a college course , and I love it so much that I wo n't part with it now . My kids are reading it and I think it 's a great way to introduce them to Native American tradition .
 A good review of customs of the Ojibway , written for a younger person , but readable for an adult . Especially good introduction to the culture and thought patterns of this native people . Vocabulary is well placed throughout and the entire book reads like a story .
 This is one of my favorite books in my indigenous collection . It is beautifully decorated and well written . The book is an account of real stories and real traditions . It is not a `` fairy tale '' book . My kids love to hear me read from it and I know grown adults who smile widely when it is mentioned . A wonderful introduction to one portion of Ojibway culture !
 The book came in good shape , it could have gotten here a little sooner but I understand Finals come first .
 This book is great . I have read it to my children and they love it as much as I do . I would recommend it to anyone . It is well worth it .
 As a written and oral communications trainer specializing in grammar , I needed the best reference manual I could find for my students . After reviewing dozens of them for over a decade , The Gregg Reference Manual by William Sabin continues to receive an A + in my book . It 's the only one I recommend because it is so comprehensive in scope , easy to use , and simple to understand . I never go anywhere without my copy.Working with varied groups as a grammar expert , I am concerned about receiving a question I ca n't answer . Thanks to The Gregg Reference Manual , that 's never happened . I 've found answers to questions about even the finest points of grammar as do my students . Regardless of the concept in question , this book is amazingly easy to navigate thanks to its unique index . Unlike others , this one does not simply contain page references . Instead , Mr. Sabin references the numerous and detailed subjects in his index to distinctly numbered and lettered paragraphs . Those paragraphs contain both clear explanations of the related rules along with enlightening examples that serve to clarify rather than complicate the issues in question.In my business , I have worked with thousands of corporate and government employees ranging from experts in English to those who can barely differentiate between a subject and a verb . Whatever their English expertise or lack thereof , I recommend this manual to everyone . Without exception , those who bought it are praising it for the reasons mentioned in this review and more . In addition , the price is right.Try it yourself , and join the myriad of other satisfied users who say , `` Gregg is great ! ''
 This is the best reference book you will ever find ! I have taken my Gregg 's Reference Manual 6th Edition to every job I 've had until I found this updated version . It is the most user-friendly source for all your grammatical questions . You can find answers easily for rules that you do n't even know how to begin looking up . It 's also a great learning tool . Now , if we could just get everyone else to figure it out !
 This manual is absolutely the best reference for writing . It is incredibly easy to find needed information , which ranks it above other , more scholarly manuals of style . I have used one version or another of this manual for years now , and it still comes through when I need it .
 The Gregg Reference Manual is the best book I have ever come across . When I share it with co-workers , they all must have THE BOOK . I have found that after allowing co-workers to use THE BOOK , I must ask that THE BOOK be returned to my desk . THE BOOK tells you every thing ! It 's in simple terms and it has a user friendly index . I find myself reading it for pleasure . Everyone needs THE BOOK .
 There 's no question about it -- this is THE most useful reference manual for anyone who takes writing correspondence seriously . I 've tried a lot of them and this one is by far the best . I 've yet to find a problem in writing that was n't properly addressed in this book . If you 're the type of nitpicker that has to know exactly how many spaces there are after a colon , you need to purchase this book forthwith . It is a definite no-brainer .
 As a business education teacher , I highly recommend this reference manual to anyone entering the secretarial field . It provides a complete source for answering questions concerning grammar , punctuation , English usage , etc. . The well-done index allows easy access to the needed information . It is an absolute MUST for office employees . Eva Lewis , El Cajon , CA
 I discovered the Gregg reference manual when I was in High School , and used it often . I am now a college student and use `` Gregg '' on a regular basis to aid me in correctly writing my papers . This handbook has the answer to every question concerning grammar , punctuation , composition , etc. . I reccomend this book to any H.S. or college student , author , or someone just wanting to do things the correct way - every house needs one . Do n't let you bookshelf be without one !
 This manual is absolutely the best reference for writing . It is incredibly easy to find needed information , which ranks it above other , more scholarly manuals of style . I have used one version or another of this manual for years now , and it still comes through when I need it .
 This book is the best manual I possibly could have purchased . It has improved my writing and communication skills in the workplace by 75 % ! A definite must have for every Administrative Assistant and other office workers .
 Since 1980 , I have been recommending this reference to over 23 , 000 participants in my business writing workshops . I describe the book as invaluable , comprehensive , beautifully organized , and continuously updated . The Gregg Reference Manual is one of two essential tools for business , government and corporate writers
 I love this book ! It 's helped me a great deal . As a news editor , I constantly have to justify the basic rules of journalism to those whose work I edit . This manual has given me the proof that I need , as well as the justification to make decisions that I otherwise would n't have made . The only problem with this is that you pretty much need a master 's degree to find what you are looking for . Unless you have the time to look through it in depth , to familiarize yourself with the material , you are guaranteed to have difficulty finding info . But since I 'm hoping that will go away , I give this book at 4 star rating , because the information that I have found is comprehensive and explained very well . Enjoy !
 I was debating buying this or Chicago Manual of Style -LRB- CMS -RRB- . Found CMS @ my local library , and was turned off by its sheer weight . Nonetheless , I opened it for a perusal , and found that its a tough book to navigate . Those are perhaps the only two cons you 'll find with that book . Besides , it the go-to book in the publishing business . But if you are an aspiring/pro fiction writer , then ` The Gregg Reference Manual ' is the perfect fit . This book is not cumbersome , visually appealing , and easy to use.So far , I have n't seen anything this book lacks that a writer needs . I had problems like formatting
 I retired a few years ago and wish that I had taken my Gregg Reference Manual with me as a `` parting gift . '' I used to take calls from people regarding grammar questions . Little did they know I would grab this book and easily page to the correct answer . I impressed many people over the years ; and then , of course , the answers became second nature to me . I have recommended this book many times and finally am going to purchase my own copy for home . It is a good book just to read . Absolutely EVERYTHING is in there .
 As a written and oral communications trainer specializing in grammar , I needed the best reference manual I could find for my students . After reviewing dozens of them for over a decade , The Gregg Reference Manual by William Sabin continues to receive an A + in my book . It 's the only one I recommend because it is so comprehensive in scope , easy to use , and simple to understand . I take my copy with me everywhere I go.Working with varied groups as a grammar expert , I am concerned about receiving a question I ca n't answer . Thanks to The Gregg Reference Manual , that 's never happened . I 've found answers to questions about even the finest points of grammar as do my students . Regardless of the concept in question , the book is amazingly easy to navigate thanks to its unique index . Unlike others , this one does not simply contain page references . Instead , Mr. Sabin references the numerous and detailed subjects in his index to distinctly numbered and lettered paragraphs . Those paragraphs contain both clear explanations of the related rules along with enlightening examples that serve to clarify rather than complicate the issue in question.In my business , I have worked with thousands of business and government employees ranging from experts in English to those who can barely differentiate between a subject and a verb . Whatever their English expertise or lack thereof , I recommend this manual to everyone . Without exception , those who bought it are praising it for the reasons mentioned in this review and more . In addition , the price is right.Try it yourself , and join the myriad of other satisfied users who say , `` Gregg is great ! ''
 The Gregg Reference Manual is simply the best resource of its type on the market . Comprehensive , yet easy to use , it provides a new learning experience for me every time I open it . It confirms what you know , clarifies what you do n't know , and helps you understand that there is not always one right answer ! If you read , write , or speak , the Gregg must be at your elbow !
 I loved the price of the book , kinda loved the price of shipping , but i definetly LOVED the state of the item I purchased .
 I received my used book today and it was in great condition . CarpePM books has amazing and quick service . I will def . buy from them again
 I value this book since I proofread papers , essays , administrative memos , etc. for clients on liveperson.com and in past careers . This helps for office filing , clerical/administrative basics if you are working on these type of jobs/duties required . I also recommend this book for editing projects and for reference for college papers .
 if you need to have clarity regarding the usage of the written word , this book will be a valuable , easy to use reference .
 English is a beautiful language ! We all tend to forget how to use it correctly at times . This reference book provide answers when we are in doubt .
 I teach business writing in industry and government , and I recommend the Gregg Manual enthusiastically in all my programs , at every level . There are a lot of wonderful resources out there , including Albert Joseph 's classic EXECUTIVE GUIDE TO GRAMMAR , that can help you understand what makes our language tick , but there is nothing like Gregg when you need an authoritative answer NOW to a specific -LRB- even picayune -RRB- question . And it 's striking to see how EXCITED seemingly well-balanced people from all walks of life can be when they first get their hands on Gregg . After reading the other reviews here , I am even preparing to do the unthinkable and buy a new copy - just to see what the new edition has to say about computers -LRB- my copy is a little old ... -RRB- .
 The Gregg Reference Manual is the most thorough and readable handbook I 've found in thirty-years-plus of teaching writing . As the author of an online grammar resource , I get hundreds of questions about writing every week , and I find myself reaching for GRM over and over again to help me define a grammatical point or resolve an issue of English usage . I find GRM very easy to use -LRB- unlike an earlier reviewer on this page -RRB- ; its index is enormous and you do n't waste time being bounced from one cross-reference to another . The organization is admirably simple
 As a written and oral communications trainer specializing in grammar , I needed the best reference manual I could find for my students . After reviewing dozens of them for over a decade , The Gregg Reference Manual by William Sabin continues to receive an A + in my book . It is the only one I recommend because it is so comprehensive in scope , easy to use , and simple to understand . I take my copy with me everywhere.Working with varied groups as a grammar expert , I am concerned about receiving a question I ca n't answer . Thanks to The Gregg Reference Manual , that 's never happened . I 've found answers to questions about even the finest points of grammar as do my students . Regardless of the concept in question , the book is amazingly easy to navigate thanks to its unique index . Unlike others , this one does not simply contain page references . Mr. Sabin references the numerous and detailed subjects in his index to distinctly numbered and lettered paragraphs instead . Those paragraphs contain both clear explanations of the related rules along with enlightening examples that serve to clarify rather than complicate the issues in question.In my business , I have worked with thoursands of corporate and government employees ranging from experts in English to those who can barely differentiate between a subject and a verb . Whatever their English expertise or lack thereof , I recommend this manual to all of them . Without exception , those who bought it are praising it for the resons mentioned in this review and more . In addition , the price is right.Try it for yourself , and join the myriad of other satisfied users who say , `` Gregg is great ! ''
 I have had a current copy of The Gregg Reference Manual for over 10 years . It was a required purchase for a business correspondence course in college . It is an excellent source for any aspect of writing . It covers proper use of grammer , punctuation , spelling , editing , letter writing -- you name it . Whenever I 'm in doubt about ANYTHING I need to write , I use this book , and can always find the answer . The manual is very well organized into sections and numbered paragraphs . Examples are used for clarity , as well as examples of what not to do.I highly recommend this book .
 If I could give this book ten stars , I would . It is absolutely the best , most usable reference book of its kind . My jobs have all required superior composition abilities and , starting with its seventh edition , this book has been my required companion for almost ten years . It has always provided the answer I sought -LRB- often with extensive coverage -RRB- , no matter the subject , no matter how obscure it seemed . Not only does this book have everything , but the index is the most comprehensive I have seen in any book , which significantly increases its usability . GRM is a must-have for anyone who writes , edits or proofreads , whether term papers , business letters , manuscripts , or any other writing . It has rules and examples of grammar , usage , capitalization -LRB- an astronomical list of rules -RRB- , the gamut of punctuation , sentence structure , formats for a wide range of documents , forms of address and salutation , proper titles for individuals , government and other officials -- the list goes on and on . I would almost venture to say if the rule is n't in this book it does n't exist , and if it does it is n't significant ! Make this book yours ; if writing correctly is important to you , it will be one of your most worthwhile purchases .
 I am an independent corporate trainer who teaches people to write better at work . When my students ask me for my advice about good books to guide them as they write at work , this is the reference book I recommend.I also tell them several other things about the book . First , this is not just some handbook that secretaries can use to look up how to format a letter . It is an authoritative reference for all aspects of writing English . It should be next to the dictionary and thesaurus on the shelf of everyone who needs to write at work , from clerks to executives . Second , if your boss or anyone else argues with you about any rule of writing , you only have to point to the relevant entry in this book . All arguments stop there . Third , the size of the book is deceptive . It uses small font and thin paper . With normal font and paper , it would be the size of two or three large dictionaries . That 's how much useful stuff is packed in this book.It takes a while to get used to how the information in the book is formatted , but it is well worth the effort . All entries in the index include page numbers as well as topic numbers , which they call `` rules . '' The book is logically structured around these rules , and it makes related topics easy to find.I rated this book 5 stars because I think it is superior in all categories for a reference book
 I 've used this book for years , and I think it 's terrific . Why ? Four reasons
 The Gregg Reference Manual covers virtually every aspect of English writing . It is as fundamental to my writing efforts as a dictionary or thesaurus . It is so thorough and well organized , it could easily replace a stack of textbooks and be used as the basis of a high school or college English course . I have written three books , and in the final editing process I 've gone through the Gregg Manual page by page , testing each rule on my manuscript , invariably finding numerous things needing correction or improvement . I have learned more about proper English from this book than from any other single source.One thing to keep in mind is that this reference manual focuses on business writing , not fiction . There are sections that do n't apply to novel writers . Nevertheless , most of the information applies to all writing . This book is an easy recommendation to anyone serious about quality writing . Christopher Bonn Jonnes , author of Wake Up Dead .
 I have many reference books , including some of popular stylebooks ; none match Gregg 's usefulness . The manual has consistently given me answers to my questions , and done so without forcing me to cross-reference here , there , and everywhere . With the Gregg Ref . Manual , what you need is easy to find -LRB- as far as reference books go -RRB- . And I have found that it is also more comprehensive , and clearer than other style/reference books . Everyone should have a copy .
 What a great addition to anyone 's reference library . I have been an Administrative Assistant for 20 years and have used The Gregg Reference Manual -LRB- fifth edition -RRB- until now ! The ninth edition far surpasses what I thought a reference manual could be
 great book a lot better than I excepted . It is now being used in class . quick shipping . very happy . looking for more from that author and related material .
 This is the best style manual for advertising copywriters on the market . There may be a new edition that supercedes this one by the time you read this . if so , I would buy it without reservation . I find myself reaching for this time and again when I write . Highly recommended .
 bought this copy for my daughter . she wishes she 'd had it years earlier . loves it .
 Since 1980 , I have been recommending this reference to over 23 , 000 participants in my business writing workshops . I describe the book as invaluable , comprehensive , beautifully organized , and continuously updated . The Gregg Reference Manual is one of two essential tools for business , government and corporate writers
 Me thinks this is by far ; and absolutely , the most BEST book of it 's type on the market !!! It has greatly improved my understanding of the English language . I originally from Laos . I moved to US with me family about two and half years ago . My brothers , sisters and me attend school in the state of Rhode Island . It has been hard for us to learn English here . There are not many specialized teachers or tutors for us around where we live because it is not big city . Our father has spent great time with us ; using this book often to help us learn . While still is difficult to master , I feel strongly that my brothers , sisters , and I have greatly improved our English , partly in thanks to this wonderful and comprehendsive book . -LRB- And much in thanks of the time of our father -RRB- . I thank the author , and I wish to one day be able to write and speak English language very , very good . Perhaps , I may be a writer too one day !!!
 This book is great tool for individuals that like to advance their English skills . I went over with my supervisor on rules that we were n't famialr with and I can tell you it made it easy for us to decide My co-workers also found it very helpful for various clerical projects .
 This book is an excellent instructional book for a novice/starting plumber like me , an IT/electronics person . With the excellent fundamentals , the nice and colorful drawings and the detailed step-by-step instructions , I was able to replace a p-trap , a tail piece and a strainer of a kitchen sink on my own . I attribute this first-ever accomplishment of mine to this book . The book is so simple , so informative , even a 12-year-old can do the job after a few minutes of reading . Highly recommended for aspiring plumbers . How 's that for cost-saving from expensive plumbers and boosting your self-actualization and learning a new skill ?
 This is an excellent book with tons of pictures and drawings . I am the inhouse repairman for an apartment building and this is an excellent reference manual ... Should make my job much easier . Highly recomend this book .
 I need money and been outta ' work but once again , Amazon.com to the rescue . The featured item Basic Plumbing , written and skillfully done by the author . Now I will certainly pass the apptitude exam for plumbing and get the job making honest lean green through the power of the Hook Up Kings at Amazon.com , a true leader that brings you this timely book on plumbing . Need I say more ? Au contraire mon frere , shop at Amazon.com get books like this and so much more . The book is an easy read and you will be thanking the author when the money rolls in and your spouse finally smiles at her hard working man . Plumbing is esssential and can not be escaped ! Ever call a plumber ? Read the book and get PAID my peeps . All this wonderful 411 brought to you in a book you are sure to love by Amazon.com . Peace from MC Metroplex on the Flex and you know what comes next . Thanx Amazon.com for providing this Basic Plumbing Book .
 As a seminary student , I bought this book on recommendation from Peter Gomes -- a brilliant theologian . It 's been interesting . Good read .
 This book gave me all the informations I needed . It was easy to follow the examples , and the CD has them all online . The CD has very many Java programs , not just those written by the author , and some interesting Java games with all source code . I really liked learning Java from `` Just Java '' .
 This book is probably the best book I have ever read on Java.I have read three other books -LRB- not just on Java -- in total -RRB- . On one of them , the pictures had not been colored in yet.I think I have got the dose right on my medication now . Sorry about my last review ;--RRB- I can be a real goof if I do n't get the lithium regularly . When I get out of high school , I want to be an 3LiT3 HaQER D00D . Also , my psychiatrist says I feel paranoid sometimes . Someone is pretending to be me , probably because I am such an interesting and clever D00D . I am secretly related to royalty . Thanks . -- Michael G. Passaic , NJ . -LRB- The real one . -RRB-
 `` Just Java 2 '' taught me Java quickly and without pain . Someone who does n't know any programming would be clueless . The text says you have to know how to code in another language already , and this book teaches you the Java . Worked great for me !
 Efficiently written , explains right to the point . This book covers the concept of object-oriented programming and java language . An excellent book for beginners and intermidiate java programmers . A must for all developers .
 This is an excellent book , and not too hard for beginners -LRB- which I am -RRB- . Sure , if you read the book cover to cover you wo n't remember everything at once , but each section is very clear , the progression of sections is logical , and the chapters are just long enough that you feel you 've learned something without being overwhelmed . Beginners can reread chapters , intermediates can bowl right through , and advanced people should be buying books that aim at advanced programmers , instead of complaining about the level of this one . I originally tried to learn from `` Java for Dummies '' , which is a terrible book , and I 'm very glad I found Van der Linden 's book . Worth every penny for me .
 I loved `` Just Java 2 '' , and found it a great tutorial on all the key aspects of Java . Unlike what one other reviewer wrote , there is no assumption of C++ -LRB- It amazes me that people who read a book so superficially feel free to share their wrong assumptions about it -RRB- . Just Java 2 is well written and easy to follow . The examples are interesting , and the source , the Java FAQ , and a wealth of other info and compilers is on the accompanying CD . Highly recommended !
 I am a COBOL programmer , trying to get into the modern e-commerce developments . I tried the Core Java 2-volume set , but it was just too much reading . For me `` Just Java '' has the the right amount of detail and description , explanation and examples . There is a lot of extra info on the CD , including a Java FAQ and a Java glossary . `` Just Java '' was exactly what I needed , I am glad I found it .
 I 'm a VB -LRB- visual Basic -RRB- programmer , and I disagree with the review that said this book was only for C programmers . I had tried to learn Object Oriented Programming from several other books , but this book was the only one that succeeded in showing me what it was all about . The examples are all Java examples .
 This is a preview of my forthcoming review . IGNORE MY PREVIOUS POSTING BELOW , IT 'S USELESS WITHOUT THE TABLE!I 've written a comparative review 0764580302 -RRB- . Look up the review of the five books from Amazon - I had to remove all the columns of the other 5 books from the table below b/c Amazon 's HTML parser does n't understand table tags . In order to get a clear , -LRB- hopefully -RRB- objective view of all the books , I 've also read Jamie before the test , but , as the book is only intended for experienced programmers interested in additional and enterprise APIs and not for beginners , I dropped it from the test entirely . It would have been unfair to test such an expert-only book in a review of beginners ' books.Peter comp.lang.java . * newsgroups . He 's the Java author in this test that posts the most to these groups and helps the Java society even in E-mail -LRB- he answered my first mail in 2 hours , for example -RRB- . In addition , he maintains an extremely well written Java Usenet FAQ -LRB- www.afu.com -RRB- . I , too , use this FAQ and recommend it to my students at my courses - just after showing them the best books to learn Java from and how the API docs should be used . In a word , this is the Java FAQ on the Web that is the easiest to use -LRB- to search in -RRB- and most up-to-date . Also , he set up the Usenet Java newsgroups in their current form . He does not only help the Java people on the Net , but also donated 20 % of the book advance to computer related charities and to the Gnu organization.The book is especially intended for the beginner . This means it does n't cover less important or special interest topics , the two main ones being JNI and reflection -LRB- see the table below -RRB- . Reflection is of interest mostly to systems tools writers -LRB- I do n't teach it either - I 'm extremely proud of actually making my students learn practical programming in a week by only choosing things that can be understood and learnt in such a short time -RRB- , and JNI only to those writing non-100 % pure Java code . Core Java does cover all these but you have to buy and read both volumes . Furthermore , Just Java has been written in a way that is not only easy to comprehend but also tries to keep the reader 's attention . Each chapter ends with an interesting anecdote from the industry . There are stories about a contract programmer who went broke -LRB- with his real name and current location - I wonder if Linden gets lynched by all the people he wrote an anecdote of - after all , real names are mentioned in every story -RRB- , Miniscribe , who started shipping bricks to boost their sales , the phantom Windows memory and 286-turbo software etc. . So , you will be entertained during reading.This is also the only book in the test that uses the old , well-known explanation of the C++ - to - C-mapping used in the better C++ textbooks . Though , with some additional work the book could have been made even more comprehensive.The layout of the book , on the other hand , is below expectations . Other books DO try to save paper and do n't insert page feeds where it is n't necessary . Linden 's book is different . There 're a lot of occasions when with a bit better editing tens of pages could have been sometimes does n't adhere to the Java naming conventions . Both other ` killer ' books do n't have such mistakes.The CD coming with the book is a gold-mine , too . It has over 600MB of Java compilers -LRB- every version , even the early betas ! It 's indeed a very wise move from Linden -RRB- . It also includes compilers for a dozen other languages -LRB- TCL , Perl , Sather , Eiffel , etc -RRB- so programmers can compare Java to these other languages -LRB- not that a language can be learnt from using this without some real books , but it 's still nice to have this CD around with a lot of stuff like this -RRB- . Having said this , the strengths and weaknesses of the book is mostly explained - refer to the table below to see if a particular subject is touched upon.What did I compare?I tried to evaluate each book in a comparative fashion . Unfortunately , when it 's time to evaluate a book 's being comprehensive AND discussing / mentioning everything with ONE rating , it 's hard do decide which to prefer . Should we give a better mark to a book that is more comprehensive but less wide-reaching , that is , lacking the discussion of some features of the language ? Should we do the opposite ? Fortunately , there were n't many cases where this caused me headache , as , in general , the books are both comprehensive AND fully discuss everything . Nevertheless , I included a row in the table . This row evaluates each book 's being both beginner-friendly -LRB- that is , whether it 's intended to a newcomer -RRB- and discussing everything at much higher depth than the API docs . The higher the mark , the better suited for the target audience -LRB- beginners or the experienced -RRB- the book . These two ratings , of course , do n't have to be equally high for a good book - for example , Java in a Nutshell , an outstanding reference , would hardly get a rating higher than 2 when evaluating its suitability for beginners . A book , on the other hand , that receives ratings that are both below 3 , is n't intended for outstanding , far better than any other bookReferences in italic Is it a reference for the experienced or an introduction for beginners ? 5 Basics of procedural programming -LRB- w/o OOP -RRB- 5 * -LRB- 2 -RRB- OOP comprehensibility5/0 Threads / 1.2 thread deprecation5 Exceptions , error handling5 Packages4 AWT 1.0 event model4 -LRB- no GBL -RRB- Layout managers5 AWT 1.1 event model3 Basic Swing widgets3 Advanced Swing widgets5 * 1.1 I/O4 java.math - BigInteger , BigDecimal4 - no UDP Java.net5 Collections5 * inner classes5 * JDK 1.2 security0 1.1 clipboard handling4 Java Beans4 RTTI , Reflection , Class4 CORBA et al -LRB- DCOM etc -RRB- 4 RMI0 i18n5 JDBC3 Comparing Java to C++ 4/3/0 Object serialization / versioning / object file format0 JNI5/0 Applets / conversion to applications and vice versa5/3 Describing / Using naming is by far the most comprehensive in this book ; introducing subclassing is also very cool -LRB- it does n't use the usual Employee - Manager stuff -RRB- ; visibility is discussed -LRB- and depicted -RRB- very well . All in all , the comprehensibility of OOP 's discussion is outstanding in Just Java 1.2 . All the other books are far worse in this respect . If you do n't understand a word of the other 4 books ' OOP chapters , give a try to Linden 's book . Unfortunately , Linden 's book is far more superficial than either Core Java or Thinking in Java . It 's its being extremely comprehensive that makes it as far as Swing widgets are concerned . The only exception is Core Java . This book does n't cover many widgets -LRB- only the basic ones -RRB- , but is very thorough . Let 's hope vol2 will cover all the missing widgets.There is no clear winner . Core Java , Just Java and Thinking in Java are all great for a beginner . Core Java is more of a reference , so you are not guaranteed to understand OOP from that book - a reason for getting Just Java as well . Just Java , on the other hand , is a bit superficial and terse - a reason for getting the other two books . Also , as can be seen from the table , these books are strong sometimes in entirely different areas . Just Java 's strength lies in its comprehensibility , while it 's not suited for the experienced . Core Java is much harder for a beginner to understand , but is a great reference . Thinking in Java excels at some areas , while there are certain subjects that the books just suck at . You indeed should get the book , but do n't expect to become a Swing programmer after reading it . The same stands for the emphasis on the 1.0 event model - most AWT components are presented using the 1.0 event model . It 's indeed a bad move from Eckel . Nobody wants to learn / code the old event model any more.Rather than trying to say which is the one perfect Java book , I recommend that readers look at the strengths and weaknesses of each , and choose from any of the 3 excellent books according to their needs . For example any
 I 'm a graduate student in CSE , adept in C and familiar with C++ . I got collossially lucky by picking this book to learn Java . The explanations were almost always exactly the amount of information I needed . The parts of the syntax that were similar to C++ were easy to skim through and find the differences ; the examples were informative . The chapters give you enough knowledge that you have a solid idea how a certain thing works in java -LRB- networking , file I/O , swing -RRB- , so that you can learn details from the API documentation , but not so much that it 's hard to read . Excellent starting point .
 After having just completed a junior college course in JAVA with an absolutely horrible textbook , I found this book to be what I had wished our textbook was . This author uses just the right combination of code , text , and graphics and tells the truth about JAVA itself . For example , he comes right out on page 49 and states `` Static is a crummy name . '' How true ! He then offers alternative names that better describe the situation . Most books on JAVA are extremely abstract and abstruse ; this book is n't . It 's great . The CD alone is worth the purchase price . It is full of intriguing examples and applets . This should be required reading . I simply ca n't say enough good things about this book .
 Imagine my surprise when I noticed that Just Java 1.2 was nearly half an inch thinner than the first edition ! Not to worry , there 's 130 or so more pages of it -- Prentice-Hall is just getting more frugal with their paper.More important than the 130 more pages are the many many more that are corrected , expanded , or rewritten from scratch . A disappointing number of computer texts , especially those concerning fast-changing languages like Java , get only quick licks and promises when new versions come out , but not this one.It 's very clear that Mr. Linden loves programming and relishes sharing that joy in his books -- this is an important book in the Java corpus.The CD is -- well , there 's a lot of it , and somebody will like each eccentrically selected bit . Huzzah for gnu licenses and the public domain .
 `` Just Java 2 '' has a pace that will suit average programmers , and covers all key elements of Java . The writing is clear and the material presented in a logical order . I found it easy to read , and recommend the book to other programmers.The large volume of Java-related material on the CD is an extra bonus . It even has a few Java games , with source code ! Well organized and clear . I posted a different review earlier , I was thinking of a different book . -LRB- I know ! So sue me ! -RRB-
 I really liked this book . I learned Java from it . The examples were short enough to follow , but solid enough to run . I am a reasonable programmer in other languages , and now have a good grasp of Java . You can too .
 First off , let me say I 've read this book cover to cover.This book has to be one of the most entertaining programming books I 've ever read . It 's probably the only entertaining programming book I 've ever read.The author does a great job of giving an overview of the Java language , touching upon each individual section of the language in the book 's 22 chapters . This book might be too much to handle for the uninitiated ; but for intermediate to advanced programmers , this book is great for getting you started with Java programming . The `` light relief '' sections at the end of each chapter are an added bonus , giving the reader a brief respite from all the technical content.Hat 's off to Peter van der Linden for putting out this uniquely entertaining and extremely well-written programming text .
 If you 're new Java , seek out another book first . This is not a tutorial . But once you learn the basics elsewhere , this book brings it all together.van der Linden 's wonderful sense of humor shows up in both expected and unexpected places . I will probably buy his other books just due to his writing style .
 I have been programming in C and C++ for 5 years . When it came to learning Java I was puzzled with the dozens of Java books filling bookstore shelves . I first picked up Java 1.2 and JavaScript for C and C++ Programmers by Daconta et al. as the title seemed a perfect fit for me . I was disappointed by that book . Then I looked at several other books including Core Java , Java in a Nutshell , Teach Yourself Java in 21 Days , and Thinking in Java . After spending a few months with these books I can confidently tell that although others have their own merits , this book -LRB- Just Java -RRB- is absolutely the best introduction to the language . For an introduction it has very good coverage and an examplary pedagogical style . Whenever I needed an explanation , it was right there where it was supposed to be . The diagrams , the arrangement of topics , the depth , ... in short the book shows on every page that the author loved what he did and wanted to be proud of it . I just wish I had books like this for other languages that I had to learn
 My background is VB , and no Object Oriented , and I found it a snap to learn from this book.Whenever it mentions a similarity with another language , the topic is usually so simple that you get it anyway . E.g. `` case statements in Java are like C - you switch on the value of an integer and branch to the corresponding case . `` Not only is the book clear , it is easy to read , and I found myself looking forward to the software `` war stories '' at the end of each chapter.Just Java is a great book , but it does assume the most basic knowledge of programming . Too fast for web-masters , but if you already know one programming langugae , this gets you going with Java .
 I am teaching a class in Java to programmers , and we are using this book as the text . I picked this after trying other texts in a previous semester . It is clear , to the point , and has a wide range of examples , short and long.The CD is excellent , and the book walks you through everything you need to get started with Java . It is an excellent compromise between giving you the key info , and giving you a 2000 page bible , like some of the Swing books . Recommended .
 I loved this book ! It is not easy to write about programming or computers in an interesting way , but this author does it . The book is clearly aimed at people who can already program in some language . So it does n't waste a lot of time explaining how an `` if '' statement works . The chapters on Object Oriented Programming are the best I have ever seen in any book anywhere . It 's that good .
 I have been studying Object Oriented Programming for years and Java for about a year with pretty good understanding but a lot of fuzziness . Peter cuts right through the tangentials and explains the essential concept with precision . Several times on every page . Just exposing the mysterious ` constructor ' for the routine little method it is under its cloak of invisibility was worth the price of the book ! I 'm an avid reader , but this is the first programming book I 've looked forward to reading since Nailing Jelly To a Tree . Thanks Peter !
 I had some tough deadlines to learn Java quickly . `` Just Java '' was exactly what I needed = all the key information , none of the fluff or timewasting . All written down in a compact easy to follow format . Good use of illustrations , great examples all the code compiles , and a CD with loads of the latest software.Peter maintains the Java FAQ on Usenet , and often answers novice questions there . I recommend this book fully , and advise you to read it , enjoy it , learn Java from it .
 This book is well-organized , and covers all you need to know to start using Java effectively . You do NOT need to know c++ to use this book , c++ is hardly mentioned . But you do need to know how to program in general . I knew VB before reading this book , and it was fine for me.I liked the easy style , and the number of compilable examples . All the code is on the CD , along with compilers for Windows , linux , Mac , Solaris , etc. . Great book !
 I loved this book -- it explains Java deftly . I am something of a beginner when it comes to programming . I know a little VB and other Microsoft products . This book really brought me up to speed on Java , and now I am a Java supporter all the way . The explanations are interesting , and the CD has all the sample programs already typed in , several Java compilers , and a lot more besides . One of the best Java books I know of . I recommend it unhesitatingly .
 The code examples are great , some short ones , some longer ones , and some complete programs and applications on the CD . The subjects are well-organized and well explained , using terms that are familiar to people who already know how to program.I think some of the negative reviews are from people who do n't know any programming . There are other books for total beginners . This book is well suited to the average professional or comp sci student who wants to learn Java .
 I used this text as an introductory course in Java . Although the book is well written and presents the material in easy to understand way , I have an objection to the Author 's bias against other programming languages . The author does not mention Java 's ` weakness ' . Of course that is difficult burden for the author since he is a Sun employee I suppose , but books specially technical books should be written as intellectually honest as possible . It should n't be an opportunity for marketing Java . I think Eckle 's Thinking in Java is a great book covering both the strong and weak sides of Java in a neutral way.Also another comment , you better know other programming language before you buy this book . Other than that it is a great book and I like the Author 's sense of humor . Gives great examples also .
 Explanations are clear and concise ... which is what I needed . Includes sample code to illustrate points made .
 This book was easy to read , which meant I read the whole thing . I learned a lot and recommend it highly .
 Great book ! Kept my attention . Read it cover-to-cover
 good high level overview of java for programmer
 I 've struggled with a lot of mumbling-jumbling programming books and wondered why programming book can be so boring and difficult . Only after reading this book , I understand a lot of authors either do n't know what they are talking about or do n't really make an effort to make their books useful . Mr. Linden knows exactly what he talks about and make it as simple as possible to understand . Einstein used to say that everything should be as simple as possible but not simpler . Mr. Linden has achieved that . If there were an award for writing good programming book , he certainly deserves one . Thank you Mr. Linden for writing such an excellent book .
 Just Java 2 is aimed at programmers who already know one language , like Pascal or Fortran . You do n't have to know any Object Programming , as it starts right at the beginning.It has great diagrams and great examples . If you ca n't learn Java from this book , probably no book is simple enough for you !
 Excellent book for beginners and intermediate Java programmers . Very well written , explains right to the point . A must for all developers .
 Excellent book , especially for those who have some knowledge of Java.I found the way the author explains topics very thrilling . He makes topics that had previously seemed very hard , such as RMI , appear very simple . The book is also illustrative and leisurely . The examples are simple and easy to follow .
 I believe Peter Van Linden is one of the best authors out there , and his book titled `` Deep C Secrets '' is one of my favorite . However , this book does n't quite live up to the standard set by his previous books . There 's a lot to cover in Java 2 , so I 'll cut him some slack . Some topics are given a topical treatment e.g. the difference between package , protected and private scope was poorly explained . On the other hand , his explanations on threads are one of the best - especially the diagrams . In short , I believe this book is not for the beginning Java programmer - more for someone who is between beginner and intermediate level .
 If you 've never read a book by Peter van der Linden then you are truely missing out on one of lifes enjoyable experiences . He does an excellent job covering the Java language and best of all he is a good author . He is very interesting and does a good job of keeping your attention . If you have futher questions he is all over the Java newsgroups answering questions . I do have one suggestion for Peter
 This book is very good . I understood it pretty well , and learned a lot . It has some fairly funny parts too.I have two complaints . The section on swing sucks . If you really want to do a lot of GUI programming , you need to buy a book dedicated to swing . It is too brief -LRB- which is probably the publisher 's fault -RRB- and has a few errors in it . For example , there is only one page dedicated to checkboxes , and it gives an example where you have four boxes displayed . The event handler code only shows how to read one of the things . The author says `` The ItemEvent contains fields and methods that specify which object generated the event ... '' but does n't care to let us in on which ? Are you expected to write programs with only one checkbox?I would have liked to see ` assignments ' at the end of each chapter to check your ablility , but no , the publisher probably thought that answers would take too much space ... that 's what the CD is for !
 Most Java -LRB- and other language -RRB- books I 've read follow through some boring complex application that gets built throughout the book , which makes it impossible to skip chapters and know what 's going on . Or they start off with GUI programming -LRB- one of the most confusing parts of Java -RRB- . Just Java starts with the core of the language using very small , descriptive , yet complete code passages that explain his point and nothing more . Thus it is excellent for intermediate and advanced programmers . Further this book is excellent for focusing on the patterns of java -- learning the basic ubiquitous patterns goes incredibly far in learning Java .
 This book is great for people -LRB- like me -RRB- who can already program , and just want to learn Java . I found it went at the right pace to get me the info I needed on Java . Most examples are small enough to understand easily , with much bigger ones inc. complete games & applications on the CD . Highly recommended if you want to learn Java , and already know C or Fortran or VB etc
 If a developer want to survive in the next millenium , he/she will have to know java . This book will certainly start your path . Simply put The Best book to get started on JAVA .
 I learned Java from this book , in 3 weeks . Really enjoyed it too . I bought three other Java books but have returned them
 Peter van der Linden 's book is an excellent resource for the beginning programmer , or those who are new to Java . Not only does he know his stuff , he makes the language easy to learn ; he 's an excellent writer and teacher . -LRB- This author also has a great sense of humor that makes the book both informative and entertaining ! -RRB- Bottom line
 Well worth the money . Having had little programming knowledge I was n't too sure about this but the book explains concepts very well . I had a simple set-up problem , sent an e-mail to Peter and recieved a response the same day !!!! Excellent format , wo n't bog you down with too much at once . With so many Java books out there I picked this one because it was from Sun , now I would pick any book that Peter has written !!!!
 Van der Linden treats his audience like respected colleagues . Unlike many Java insiders , he does n't try to persuade us that Java is the perfect tool for every situation . Although his enthusiasm comes through , he concedes a few Java shortcomings and openly criticizes some particularly egregious flaws that others present unapologetically -LRB- e.g. Java 's Calendar/Date abomination ; the choice of `` static '' for class member -RRB- . The structure and sequence are suitable either as a textbook for an OOP/Java course or for self study by an experienced programmer.I found it easy to find answers to a number of issues that were either omitted or hard to find in two dozen other well-regarded Java texts on my shelf .
 I have read the book cover-to-cover . Peter is an excellent writer . He presented the details very clearly and kept me entertained . I found few errors which I ca n't say for many of the other technical books I 've read . He has helped me get off on the right foot with Java and OOP programming . Readers will need other books to cover specific areas or APIs of Java in more detail .
 This book is the best Java book out there . Finally there is a book -LRB- this one -RRB- that will teach you what is Java , the language , the standard classes , Swing , JRE , JFC , OOP , JDBC , RMI , Graphics , Animations , Networking and more , and best of all , you learn . What is unbelievable is the ability of the author to teach you some complex topics with a narrative that is simple to understand from the beginning . This book is complete in every way and entertaining . If you are a Java developer this is the BOOK to have .
 The thing I like about this book is it is written in a very concise way and yet it starts from the beginner 's level and moves to the advance level with clear and easy explainations that only a master in the language can do . I have learned many things from this book that had been omitted or not well explained in some otherwise very good books . This is the book to get after a Java primer book .
 This book is great whether you are just starting out in Java , or have been at it for awhile . It totally cuts through the technical jargon and tells you what need to know . Vander Linden is a good teacher and makes good decisions on which topics to present and which to mention briefly or not at all.Reading this book helped me correct a few bad habits I 'd gotten into in my programming and taught me some very useful new tricks.The explanation of the various forms of Streams and Readers was especially helpful .
 This is a wonderful Java text . My favorite part , as with all PVDL books , is the humor . Each chapter ends with a `` Ligh Relief '' section , where you can learn the programmer 's battlesong `` Hatless Atlas '' , a list of messy kernel messages , or my favorite , a program that compiles both under C , C++ and Java!Humor aside , the book does a wonderful job explaining Java concepts , and the CD that accompanies the book is loaded with goodies .
 I 've read several Java books -LRB- `` Java 2 Unleashed , '' `` Java 2 Certification Guide , '' `` Thinking in Java , '' and the famous `` Java Tutorial '' from Sun -RRB- -- without a doubt this book is the best overview of the language for programmers trying to learn Java . -LRB- Eckel 's `` Thinking in Java '' is better in that it is more balanced , though -RRB- . Do n't buy this book if you are just learning progamming - it is n't < i > that < / i > basic -LRB- which is nice -RRB- . This book would be better if the author was n't such a cheerleader all the time . C is n't evil . -LRB- C++ is though ; - -RRB- Overall , this is the best Java book I have read so far -LRB- . . from a technical standpoint , i.e. , `` learning the language '' -- but not nec . from a philosophical standpoint . -RRB-
 I think this a great java book . It has been very usefull to me as a reference as I work more and more in java . It is probably best suited to those with some programming experience , and might not be the best to learn java from scratch from . It does cover basic object theory pretty well . As you get more into java and need to know more about the classes available this book becomes a priceless resource . Also parts of it are a fun read .
 I 've found this book totally different from any other tutorial stuff . In spite of my past programmers expirience in database I 've started studying OOP from scratch more than one year ago . I had several books of Java-programming -LRB- Deitel & Deitel , Mike Morgan , Peter Norton etc. -RRB- . I 've got prefer this one . Author give to readers the pretty excelent refferences . I would say that this book ought to read whether you beginers in OOP or not . This book will compel you work . It is inexhaustible source for Java programming .
 As an experienced C/C + + programmer , I wanted a book that could fairly quickly get me up speed in Java . I 'd say that this book met that challenge . Though it 's 700 + pages may seem a bit daunting at first , it was an easy read for myself.To finish my first Java project , I had to rely on on-line help and a few other books , so do n't expect this to be the only Java book you read . But as a start for an experienced programmer it 's quite adequate .
 This book taught me Java and the Java libraries in a short time . I had tried 3 different books that let me down , before people at work directed me to Just Java 2 I wish I had found it to begin with . Excellent . Warmly recommended .
 Excellent book on JAVA . It is a must for programmers want to learn JAVA . It will help if author put some comparisons between JAVA and C++ . I assume that most people who learn JAVA know C++ . Btw , I list some errors that I saw in the book . I hope that Peter wo n't mind since I do n't know how to contact you directly .1 -RRB- page 471 , the statementmyCodeToHandleWinClose m = new myCodeToHandleWinClose -LRB- -RRB- ; is redundant , since an anon . class is used .2 -RRB- similar error appears on page 472 and 474 , where a Top-Level Class is utilized .
 Liked this book a whole lot . Many examples . Clear explanations . Saved me a lot of time . Everything in one volume . Hate 2000 pages of multi-volume works . Who has the time ? `` Just Java 2 '' Recommended .
 I got so disappointed in other programming books that are hundreds and hundreds of pages of dry , boring text . Hard to write , harder to read , and impossible to follow . What a relief that someone has found an interesting and fun way to write about the Java language.I enjoyed reading `` Just Java 2 '' . It is well organized , and I learned Java so easily from it .
 I wish to say that Just Java 1.2 it is a very good book on Java.I am not a specilist on this subject and have leraned a lot with it . I have already read a lot of books on Java and I consider this the best one.I am also thanks to the author , who was very attencious with me .
 It 's now 2010 and the book was published more than 10 years.I wanted an intro to Java so I picked this up as it was really cheap.I am a C/C + + and . Net developer so I new the material . I wanted to see the differencebetween Java and the other platforms.The book was excellent . I read it all in about 3 days , with the exception of thesections covering graphics , which I omitted.This book covers the basics well . The book had an easy to read tone to it , and a bit humorous . -LRB- Side note
 This book was required for an online Java course I took quite a few years ago . I continue use this book as a reference quite a bit . I also have `` Thinking in Java '' , and I find this book a slightly better reference because it seems `` more dense '' ; fewer pages can be read to start laying down some code ! Occasionally I 'll run into some of Van Der Linden 's jokes , which I find quite funny , and a nice change of pace in this kind of material . Along with the humor , the author does n't mind `` telling it like it is '' with respect to the Microsoft 's sometimes illustrious actions .
 I studied no less than four other tutorials , ranging from `` okay '' -LRB- Thinking in Java , Bruce Eckel -RRB- to downright bad -LRB- Learning Java , O'Reilly -RRB- . For a while , I was convinced that Java was a sickening , convoluted language with about 850 weird little `` rules '' that seemed to change for every possible situation . I was never going to get it.Then I gave this book a try , and soon realized that it was not the language that confounded me , but the other authors ' explanations of it . Peter van der Linden does an outstanding job of explaining the language with a style that makes his text very easy to read and understand . Things began to click almost immediately , and at more than one point in my discovery of the brilliant design and engineering of the Java platform I caught myself laughing out loud and thinking , `` That 's * so * cool ! '' at some particular feature that had just been described in the text.Since reading it , I 've written a few useful applications in Java , including a network monitoring tool , and a Java servlet that helps Netcool monitor some of my web servers at work -LRB- with the help of `` Java Servlet Programming '' , from O'Reilly -RRB- . If you 've been struggling with learning Java , I strongly recommend giving this book a try . The language really is incredibly well thought out by Sun , you probably just need the right guide to show you around . Hopefully you 'll find , as I did , that Peter van der Linden is that guide .
 I loved `` Just Java 2 '' , and found it a great tutorial on all the key aspects of Java . Unlike what one other reviewer wrote , there is no assumption of C++ -LRB- It amazes me that people who read a book so superficially feel free to share their wrong assumptions about it -RRB- . Just Java 2 is well written and easy to follow . The examples are interesting , and the source , the Java FAQ , and a wealth of other info and compilers is on the accompanying CD . Highly recommended !
 The great irony about this book is how much the author bashes C++ for being a poorly written language compared to Java . However , in order to keep up with this book you have to have had some exposure to C++ . I 've been programming in C++ for about a year and I found this book to be well paced . It only touches only simple syntax and instead goes right into the specifics of the language . Also makes a great reference and is currently open on my desk . If you 're a beginner stay away , but if you have OO experience this book is well worth it . At only 700 pages you will be up to speed with Java in less than a week .
 This is probably the best computer book I have ever read . Having read close to a hundred books on computers in college and in my profession , I found this book to be a refreshing read . The author 's mix of fact and humor was tactfully balanced.Having learned Java 1.0 several years previous , I was looking for a book to bring me up to speed with Java 1.2 's new features . After reading this book , I am very comfortable with using Java on any upcoming projects .
 I was first introduced to Just Java while taking one of Tom Cargill 's -LRB- . profile Consulting Inc. -RRB- Introduction to OOP courses . Just Java has been the approved textbook for the Java segment of that course for a number of years now , and I found this book to be an excellent introduction to Java . My current work involves GUI 's incorporating Java Swing and I have waded through a large number of Java books seeking good material . Just Java has proved to be one of my four favorite reference books on Java . I highly recommend it .
 This is probably the best computer book I have ever read . Having read close to a hundred books on computers in college and in my profession , I found this book to be a refreshing read . The author 's mix of fact and humor was tactfully balanced.Having learned Java 1.0 several years previous , I was looking for a book to bring me up to speed with Java 1.2 's new features . After reading this book , I am very comfortable with using Java on any upcoming projects .
 This book is definitly not appropriate for someone withabsolutely no programming experience , C++ knowledge helps , some lightJava experience helps also . The good thing about it is relatively short , does not contain long winded examples and it points out possible pitfalls . It is not too dry either .
 A very readable -LRB- and occasionally entertaining -RRB- book , with good coverage of the Java language and plenty of examples . The author does n't just tell you what to do , but explains why things are the way they are , and is honest about some of the warts on Java ! The book assumes some previous programming knowledge and may not be suitable for a total beginner . The coverage of some topics -LRB- Swing , Collections -RRB- is a bit basic but then you ca n't cover everything in an introductory text .
 I did n't have any idea on java , this book got me through from the basics to advance.Fun to read highly recommended !
 I like how it teaches object-oriented concepts early on . It does have a few `` light relief '' pages at the end of each chapter -LRB- which are pretty funny -RRB- , but this is a serious book that teaches Java well .
 if u have already learnt C , BASIC , etc ; u probably find that people treat u as a fool when u read other java book , but not in ` Just Java 2 ' -LRB- JJ2 -RRB- . JJ2 is a up-to-date , nicely written one tell u how to start java , and it also tell u how to think/understand java . it tells me why the commonly-used packages are organized as they are , so i also learn some program-design from this book .
 It 's not often that you find a book that can both teach you a new language and function as a great reference . This book is it . Aside from the JDK help , this is my only reference and for the most part it has served me well.I started from a C++ background and had no trouble learning from this book . It might be tempting to skim through some of the beginning chapters that seem like something any C++ programmer would know -LRB- e.g. Object-Oriented Programming -RRB- , but I recommend reading them . There are a lot of really good Java tips you do n't want to miss , such as how constructors are invoked and how static blocks are loaded in the JVM.Probably the biggest benefit of this book is that it tells you both the how and the why in many cases . Another positive is that the examples are small and to the point . In general there was a good amount of information per page.The book 's biggest weakness is the chapter on File I/O . This is common functionality that many Java programmers will use , but the presentation is not as easy to follow as the other chapters . Another drawback is the networking chapter , but there seem to be entire books dedicated to this subject.If you are learning Java from an object oriented background , you will be glad you got this book . It 's one of the thinner books on the shelf , believe it or not , but the information is top notch .
 This book succeeded in getting me started with Java . I 'm not a great programmer , so that 's saying something.Other reviewers have complained about the difficulty of picking up OOP concepts from this book . I can understand their point of view , but in van der Linden 's defense I think it should be pointed out that OOP is fairly hard to get ahold of the first time you 're exposed to it , and I 'm not sure other books are much easier.I studied math in college , and I found that I did n't learn things from the teacher as much as I did by wrestling with the problems on my own . If you want to understand why the main method in your class has to instantiate an object of the class that contains the aforementioned main method in order to access an object member that is n't static , you 're going to have to work through it on your own . It 's the sort of understanding that a teacher ca n't really hand you on a silver platter . It 's not really hard , but you do have to know what all the words mean . The experience of wrestling with these kinds of concepts is what makes them sink in.So I would argue that this book is complete , in the sense that it takes you through the OOP concepts you need to learn . But fundamentally you have to confront those concepts by yourself , alone in front of your own computer with your own copy of the JDK . If you try to run through the book without confronting the issues that fly over your head in the early chapters , the rest of the book will be incomprehensible . It 's analogous to what happens to you in French class if you do n't learn the early grammar and vocabulary.I enjoyed the style of the book . Linden makes you feel like there 's a human being on the other side of word processor , with a personality , a sense of humor , and his own style and sensibility . I wish more computer books were like that , so many of them are impersonal and devoid of human content . Spending time with this book is a little more like spending time with a person , which is a good thing in my opinion.Part of Linden 's personality is a fairly ideological approach to the computer industry . He 's down on Microsoft and an evangelist for Java . I 'm not sure that 's a bad thing , but the anti-Microsoft stuff might rub some people the wrong way.I think it 's a great book overall .
 This is a great intro to Java . Contrary to what another person said , this book contains no C++ , and does not use C++ as a `` stepping stone '' to Java at all.Likes
 The book was as good as the other reviews said . The explanation on the topics was detailed and did n't have the patchy treatment I have seen in other books -LRB- e.g. `` 21 Days '' or `` For Dummies '' -RRB- . It 's probably a better book if you already know one other prog language . I recommend it for everyone except complete non-programmers .
 If you 're a programmer already , Peter van der Linden 's book is an excellent introduction to Java 2 . Never mind Jack Woehr -LRB- Dr. Dobbs ' -RRB- supercilious , snotty and smug review - I found this book to be not only an informative and well-written view of Java from an altitude of a few hundred feet , but also relaxed and amusing . Guess I 'm a lowbrow . I give the book four of five stars only because the author chose not to deal with explaining topics such as JavaBeans and CORBA , which IMHO should n't be considered optional knowledge . He does mention that these topics deserve books in their own right , but so do many of the other topics he covers.This book is not meant for people who have never programmed before , nor is it comprehensive enough to be a cert exam text , but it is great for someone who is already a programmer and wants the broad view of Java to use at work . If you 're the serious-minded type -LRB- and especially if you 're self-consciously so , like the Dobbs ' reviewer -RRB- , you 'll probably want to pick something from the broad array of other Java books that explain , in oh-so-detached passive voice , technical topics with dry EMP - EMPLOYER sample programs . If you want to learn Java , and are n't too sophisiticated or busy to have a few chuckles along the way , this book 's a great place to start .
 This book is written by a programmer for a programmer . It could have been more like `` Java programming for C++ programmers '' . I find that some of the concepts are more readily understood by Smalltak or C++ programmers . The author illustrates the various access modifiers -LRB- . e. pacakage , protected , etc -RRB- as well as inheritance really well.The one thing I like about this book is that the authot uses good diagrams/picture to illustrate his point really well.It is a very readable book . I find it better than the `` Java in the Nutshell '' book . It 's a balance between readability and jamming dry material . . I strongly recommend it for the busy programmer !
 This book is a good introduction for programmers with a C or C++ background -LRB- regardless if you know OOP or not -RRB- . I would not recommend it for people that have backgrounds in other programming languages , unless they like a challenge . I recommended this book to a friend , who programs in VB , and he could not finish the book -LRB- although he mentioned to me that he enjoyed the section on OOP -RRB- . I have a C background and enjoyed the book thoroughly , and still use it as a quick reference . If you are an advanced Java programmer , do n't bother with this book , get something more advanced .
 A neat and well organized book , which provides information in single stroke . One should not miss any part of this book . Examples are self sufficient and avoid useless description . Not for beginners . Auther 's FAQ for Java Programmers -LRB- included in CD -RRB- is also rich and compatible with this book .
 An excellent book . Informative and very entertaining -LRB- especially as computer books go ! -RRB- .
 I learned a lot from `` Just Java 1.2 '' and really liked the readable style . The author knows how to get detailed technical points across . The diagrams and pictures really helped too . The CD has a LOT of Java material on it .
 Just Java 1.2 thought me a lot about programmings . First I used Core Java but now , I like Just Java 1.2 better . JUST JAVA RULES !
 A very good book , that is fun to read which is unusual for computer books . I particularly like the sections at the end of each chapter which provide for some mild amusement.This will mostly appeal to those people who are newish to Java and/or OO , but there are also many useful nuggets of information for even the most experienced Java professional.Some of the more complicated parts of Java are explained in a very clear and elegant way.This is a genuine Java 1.2 -LRB- or 2 -RRB- book as opposed to those Java books , which have had an extra chapter , added to their 1.1 editions.Go buy !
 provides sufficient details , not too much not too little
 Very good book . Its fun , and also covers the material very well . Also gives greate examples to get you going right away . I highly recommend it.I read the 1997 version of the book , and am here buy the newer version .
 This book is great for those with previous OO experience -LRB- or at least a strong knowledge of C programming -RRB- , but for those who are new to programming , I would recommend trying The Java Tutorial by Campione , et al. . Just Java does a good job explaining fundamental concepts accurately , but it might be a bit out there for newbies.I do think that it is a little weak on the topic of Threads - I 'd recommend the O'Reilly Threads book instead.Also check out The Elements of Java Style by Vermeulen , et al. . Just Java does n't touch information in that book .
 I am currently teaching a Java class at work and this book has proven to be a great reference book for questions from my class .
 I found this book the best intro to Object Oriented Programming -LRB- OOP -RRB- on the market , and I have been through quite a few ! The diagrams , examples , sample code , and explanations finally made this difficult topic `` click '' for me . Hats off to `` Just Java 2 '' ! Does a great job of teachning Java as well as good OOP habits , too .
 A really good book . I picked up Java easily and naturally . This wonderful book helped me through all the `` rough spots '' of learning a new programming langauge . Crystal clear . Good examples .
 If you do n't know JAVA or even do n't know anything about programming , this is the book for you ! After reading this 800 pages thick book you 're rather an expert in JAVA programming . The book covers all the basic subjects in the first chapters , and the other nice things of JAVA in the later chapters , including Advanced Thread Topics , Networking in JAVA , RMI , the large amount of graphical possibilities and all the others great features . At the end of each chapter , their is a section called ` Some Light Relief ' , in which the author tells a nice anecdote . Peter van der Linden 's humor makes this book easy to read and that 's a nice aspect of this book . The HUGE amount of fantastic pictures and clear examples makes this book a real MUST for everyone , who wants to know more about this great language . So this is my advice
 You could literally buy 1,000 other Java books and still not approach the magnitude of `` Just Java 2 '' . It deserves 1,000 stars , not 5 . I 've gone from knowing nothing about Java , to generating QuickTime movies on the pixels and sound byte level , in just 4.5 months . The book starts you off , and the CD sends you flying . Whatever Java angle you 're pursuing , Peter van der Linden will get you there . Whenever you fall , there will be something in Peter 's book or CD that will pick you up and get you going again .
 You do n't need to have programming experience in order to learn Java using this book . The author explains OOP concepts in plain English and there are good illustrations . Small code snippets are used to demonstrate where needed . All in all , a very well-organized and easy to read book . This is a good learning and reference book on Java but not to work through as there are no review questions or exercises .
 I like how the author has written this book . It 's actually not boring to read . Book does n't bother with basics , so if you are completely new to Java do n't buy it . However if you have any previous programming or java experience this book should do just fine . The only complaint I have is that this book is not thorough enough . More examples as well as more information about some crucial classes like Class would be great . If you need a really thorough Java book , get Core Java 2
 If you already know C and at least one OO language , and you need to get up to speed fast in Java , then get this book.The explanations are clear , as are the code examples , and have just about the right level of detail to get a fast introduction to Java . And this in only 700 pages . Other introductory books top well beyond that.Plus you get a small bonus once you finish each chapter in form of small stories , demystifications etc. . . which are very enjoyable.An earlier review complained that some of the OO concepts are not well explained , but I do n't think it is the purpose of this book . If you are new to OO , get another book which will teach you the basics .
 Just Java 2 follows a natural progression
 If you have n't read this book you should . Tiger Lil had me in stitches . Tiger Lil herself is such a self confidant woman , despite her seven -LRB- or was it eight ? -RRB- previous marrages . She has a name for her nipples which she calls her kitties , each with a different name . Archie -LRB- do n't you just love that name ?! -RRB- is a first class con man and is determined to find the family jewels . Only he is n't fooling anyone , least of all Tiger Lil . There are some down right hilarious scenes when Archie gets stuck in a hidden room or finds himself hanging from the chandallear just as Tiger Lil walks in . Oh and by the way , Archie has a special name for his man part too . I almost died of suffocation I laughed so hard . This is not a book for the prudish , there are some pretty `` HOT '' scenes . So make room on your keepers shelf , get a oxygen mask , and prepare a cold shower , this ones well worth the read !!!!
 This Little Fishy follows along the same lines as the Tap Tap Who 's There ? series . On each page , the book asks a question , then you slide a thick , durable cardboard tab to see the answer . This Little Fishy deals with opposites and things you 'd find in oceans , so it begins with This fishy is happy , this fishy is ... pull down tab ... sad . The other characters are boats , seals , ducks and octopi.It 's a very cute book that 's well made -LRB- much better then most sliding tab books -RRB- . My 10 month old loves the whole series . I highly recommend them .
 My 1 year old daughter LOVES this book . She carries it everywhere and tries to take it to bed with her . She is just getting the hang of moving each of the pages , but it keeps her interest for quite awhile . I 'd give it more than 5 stars if I could !!!
 This book is great for little active hands . Its a Pop-up kind of thing -LRB- the moving parts of pop-ups , not the actual 3D stuff -RRB- all made of thick card board so its pretty indestructable . That is , except for the cover . I 'm not sure what they were thinking . Its a single piece of cardboard , flimsier than cereal box cardboard . I 'm not sure why they did that , especially since the reverse of the cover is the first page of the book . The rest of the pages -LRB- and back cover -RRB- are all thicker than even the sturdiest boardbook . I still give it a solid rating though - sometimes you just have to wonder what people are thinking .
 I got This Little Doggy with my firstborn . He loved it and so have his younger brother and sister . They 've destroyed that one , so I bought some more . They 're not perfect . The covers are flimsy and I do n't understand why they did it that way , but my kids love it so much I do n't care .
 this was a gift for my 1yr old niece . I think she will really like the pictures and flaps to play with . It seems very sturdy as well .
 Highly reccommend for plane trips with active toddlers . It kept my two year old daughter 's interest -- believe me , that 's a huge compliment . She loved turning the pages and moving all the parts . Also it 's small -- excellent travel toy .
 This is an antique classical course . It 's main purpose is to train the student to write on par with Joseph Addison . It requires The Spectator by Joseph Addison . I found The Spectator in two volumes on Alibris , excellent condition , J. B. Lippincott Company 1890 . You 're to read a piece by Joseph Addison three times and then you attempt to write what you have just read . Thus it 's important to find a copy of the The Spectator that does n't have any editing by Joe Blow.You 're expected to know Latin and it is assumed that you do so . There are interpretations of the Latin at the end of each chapter but it is disruptive.It 's excellent . I highly recommend it . I also recommend the simplified Christian dialect that is the present fad and learning material from Memoria Press to start the Latin .
 This is a long-overdue major work on Willie 's recording career - meticulously researched and beautifully presented . It gives fascinating insights into the background of many of the recordings - obtained from studio session notes and from the recollections of Willie himself , his management team and fellow artistes . Thanks a million Steve Opdyke -LRB- et al -RRB- .
 This is actually a retitled and edited version of John Bunyan 's , `` The Life and Death of Mr. Badman , '' which is otherwise rather hard to locate these days . Its lesser popularity is most likely due to the subject matter , which focuses upon sin , and the fact that it does n't have the `` happy ending '' most people seem to require . However , it is a terrific work , definitely the equal of Pilgrim 's Progress or Grace Abounding . Bunyan , as usual , finds new meaning in many verses of scripture that one might otherwise overlook . If you like John Bunyan 's work and do n't have this , get it . It 's a keeper .
 Mr. Badman is just plain BAD . Little sins in little children get magnified into bigger and worse sins . Mr. Badman truly has every bad trait anyone could ever have . He started with lying and stealing , graduated into drinking , cheating and adultery , and then becomes a first-class hypocrite to snag himself a wealthy Christian woman for marriage . While he was sick , he cried out in false repentance only to regress as soon as he was getting well . The saddest and most touching part of the book is the death of his Christian wife and her exhortations to him and their unsaved children . From then on , it 's all downhill , as Mr. Badman 's seared conscience admits no light , and God gives him up to his destruction . This book has everything NOT to do if you do n't want to end up like Mr. Badman . It is also very relevant with the issues of today , drunk `` driving '' , planned `` parenthood '' , and bankruptcy and fraud . Hot summertime reading .
 While this book tends to deal with the individual that is completely sold out for sin , there are things that every Christian will be able to identify with . John Bunyan deals with the fact that sin is sin , no matter what lable any given society has given it.While I thank the Almighty Sovereign God for showing me my need for a savior , and for granting me the priviledge of repenting when I did , I must admit that my heart was very sorrowful and heavy as I read this book . By reading of Badman 's extreme antics and his propensity for developing new methods of sin , I must admit that I saw things in my regenerated being that relate to Mr. Badman in one way or another . This is NOT a good thing to identify with , however , I feel that it is a tool that God is using in order to show me my continued need for help from above.While this book is ficticious in it 's characters , the truths that come blazing forth from the scenarios are deep and penetrating . This is a book that should be read often . This is a book that forces the reader to bare his soul before the Creator . Thank God for men like Bunyan.Do yourself a favor , O comfortable Christian ... Read this book and pray that God will allow you to be honest with your assessment of your current condition.Steven D. Draa
 Even though this book was written in 1600 's , it remained very pratical , even up to today . It talked about how a young boy rejecting the calling of God and became a chief in evil workings . And see how God gave him up to vile illusion . Truly a God inspired book .
 If you loved Bunyan 's `` Pilgrim 's Progress '' and you yearn for more , then `` Journey to Hell '' is the volume for you . John Bunyan -LRB- 1628 1688 -RRB- was born England , preached in Lower Samsell and spent time in prison for his faith . His marvelous pen produced : - The Holy City - Pilgrims ' Progress - Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners - The Holy War - Visions of Heaven and Hell - And this outstanding volume.Herein Bunyan presents a fascinating allegory as the main character , Mr. Badman , is a wicked miscreant hell-bent of living for sin . He 's depraved and immersed in the lusts of the flesh , wickedness , depravity , and carnality . His profligacy is compared with the moral law and the fruit of the Spirit as the right way to live is made clear while trusting in Christ alone for eternal salvation . It 's uplifting and edifying to ponder the life of Mr. Wiseman who lives for God and strives to please the Lord.Chapters in this stirring volume include : - A bad boy - Tricks of the wicked businessman - The sin of pride - A Christian 's death - A quiet , hardened death - The Final judgment - And Excellent Extras
 And ye shall know the truth , and the truth shall make you free.NO JOKE ! GET IT , READ IT.May God Bless You .
 This book is a good introduction to the thoughts of A.W. Tozer , an influential pastor in Chicago . The format of the book makes it easy to carry in a purse or pocket . Each page has a title , a quote from Tozer , and a related Bible verse . It would make a great gift for a young person , a person seeking spiritual guidance , a seeker , or someone wanting to know more about Christianity . The layout is decorative and attractive . It would be a good gift for someone in a hospital or nursing home or who needs encouragement . Each page has a digestible devotional theme . I like such books for times when I need a quick word of wisdom during a rushed day , or to keep by my bedside for a last devotional thought each day.Here is one sample page
 I am bothered by the review from dn@microtek.fr . Everyone has a right to his own opinion , but I think this is just vicious anti-Christian retoric . Mr. Tozer is a prolific writer and has several 5 star ratings . Please see the `` All Books '' list before judging this book only by what this man says .
 This is Bourjaily 's best story . Full of everything a good story has to have.Definitely a guy read .
 Advanced Kicks is a must have for any Fan or Student -LRB- past , present , or future -RRB- of Sifu Cynthia Rothrock.It has a very good and easy to follow format . However ... like ANY instructional book or video ... . it is only a guide to actual training with a Qualified instructor . One could get `` Hurt '' trying to do some of the stretches or kicking drills without the proper warmup.What would make this book complete is if it were to have a Video package.I own a copy -LRB- * 1st printing -RRB- of this book and use it as a reference manual at my Martial Arts Studio . * A note to Collectors . This book has two printings . Both printings are pretty much the same . The difference is the `` price '' on the back cover .
 This book does a good job of motivating me to keep to my cardio kickboxing class . Even if there are more other good books on martial arts kicking in print . I collect such kind of books . Keep up the good work .
 I just read Laurie King 's wonderful `` The Beekeeper 's Apprentice '' in which she writes her take on Sherlock Holmes . That just was n't enough Holmes for me , though ; so I picked up Doyle 's only Sherlock Holmes novel to read . I had somehow missed it , though I 've read so many of the original tales . I expected this to be good and it was.In `` The Hound of the Baskervilles , '' Holmes and Watson are confronted with an interesting case . On the moors of Wales , the Baskerville family has long told of a legendary hound who 's purpose is to plague the family . It has always been considered only a legend , but then Charles Baskerville is killed , and it could be by that hound . It seems someone wants to be rid of the Baskervilles , and the heir of Charles Baskerville is in danger on the moors . Watson and Holmes , of course set out to solve the mystery.The novel is a success . It is short with easily flowing prose . The case is classic Holmes ; it 's always intriguing . The atmosphere of the moor Doyle creates is compelling . The novel remains fairly intense until the climactic end . There 's not much bad to say about it , except maybe a little more Holmes and a little less Watson would have been nicer . But overall , this is a fun and worthy read .
 The book is what I would call an intriguing tease . Doyle creates a mood throughout the whole book that keeps the reader sitting on the edge of their seat . I would definitely recommend this book for those readers who like a good mystery .
 I did n't think i would enjoy this book but when i read it i found it was great . It was very exiting and suspenceful .
 Craig Young English 8 November 22 , 1998 What I ThinkThe Hound of the Baskervilles , written by Arthur Conan Doyle , is a spectacular , upholding mystery . The plot was somewhat complex but understandable . A visiting doctor tells Sherlock Holmes , along with an assistant and friend , Dr. Watson , the legend of the Baskervilles . The legend is that each time a member of the Baskerville family walks upon the moor alone , a ghostly hound murders the Baskerville . The moor is a swampy , deserted wasteland located right outside of the Baskerville House . There is only one Baskerville left and Holmes and Watson plans to watch over him and solve the legend of the Baskervilles . Watson stays with Sir Henry Baskerville while Holmes is supposed to stay back in London . He actually stays in an old , abandoned hut behind the Baskerville property . The case is later solved . This story will be very interesting if the reader likes mysteries . Anyone who has curiosity in them will really enjoy this story . The story is made really interesting because it 's realistic ; therefore , the characters are made believable . Although at some times you would think something paranormal is going on . For example , a hound that is a ghost only appears at night when a Baskerville comes upon the moor alone . In order to want to read this story , you have to be a patient or experienced reader . The plot holds you waiting for something to happen for some parts in the story ; however , when you get to the good parts of the story , you would rather read this story than watch your teachers in a food fight !
 This book is very mysterious and thrilling . You never want to put this book down . I will be sure to recommend it to others .
 Reviewing a Sherlock Holmes story is like reviewing a Big Mac -- there 's little point in recommending it one way or the other because you 're already familiar with its ilk and you find it either delightful or a noxious , cholesterol-laden , artery-clogging , quasi-edible hockey puck . A little Sherlock Holmes goes a long way , but `` The Hound of the Baskervilles , '' Doyle 's only full-length -LRB- although short -RRB- novel featuring the sleuth , flows at a nice pace that proportions it well with the shorter stories.The case involves the legend of a monstrous hound that haunts the moor around Baskerville Hall , the ancestral manor of the nearly defunct Baskerville line . Sir Henry Baskerville has just returned to England from Canada to inherit the estate left by his uncle Sir Charles who recently died under mysterious circumstances that appear to be related to the hound . In London , Sir Henry has received an anonymous note warning him to stay away from the moor , someone has been shadowing him , and , even more portentously , two boots have been stolen from his hotel room -- not a pair , but one boot from each of two pairs.Immediately hired to solve the puzzle , Holmes dispatches his loyal colleague , Dr. Watson , to Baskerville Hall to collect clues . Watson meets several interesting residents in the vicinity , such as Stapleton , a wispy entomologist living in a house with his sister whose beauty attracts Sir Henry 's amorous attentions , and Frankland , an ebulliently litigious old man with a telescope and a troubled daughter . Among the servants of Baskerville Hall , the most prominent is Barrymore the butler who , for the sake of his wife , is harboring an incriminating secret about someone or something lurking on the moor.Doyle is quite effective at evoking the bleakness of the moor , the slipping and drowning hazards of its slopes and bogs , and the chilling reverberations of the ghostly nocturnal canine howl across the open spaces . The dark aura of the setting is magnified by the folkloric evil of Hugo Baskerville , the ancestor whose sins are purported to have brought the curse of the hound upon his descendants . Holmes , of course , is no believer in superstitions ; he puts his faith in physical logic and meticulously analyzes every detail observable to nobody but himself until an answer suggests itself . Watson , as the emotional , compassionate half of the duo , complements the stoic Holmes ; his main function is not to be a detective but to tell the story , which is fine because Holmes himself would probably be an insufferably mechanical narrator .
 I had read this book as a teeneager - It was one of my favorite then and still is today !
 I read an bridged copy of this book when I was just a boy . It was a good book then . I decieded that I would reread this book . I was surpised that not much was taken out . It was still a good book . I am looking into getting more Holmes ' books .
 These comments are for the Freddie Jones reading of Hound for Penguin Audiobooks . It 's abridged -- the packaging does n't make this clear ; it 's in fine print on the back . However -- it 's a very good abridgement ; unless you know the story practically line by line , the cuts are very unobtrusive . My advice is have a copy of the print version , and listen to this one in the car or at bedtime , knowing it is n't complete . Freddie Jones gives it a very good reading , absolutely drenched in Victorian gothic atmosphere . I would recommend it .
 `` The Hound of the Baskervilles , '' originally published in 1902 , is an engrossing `` who-dun-it '' murder mystery , featuring observant detective Sherlock Holmes and his comparatively humble partner Dr. Watson at their best . Labelled `` a classic among classics '' by mystery aficionados , Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's masterfully written tale poses the problem -- who killed Sir Charles Baskerville ? -- and offers well-placed clues en route to uncovering the resolution . Set a few hours by train from London on the eerie Devonshire moor , where commoners affirm occasional sightings of a huge black hound-shaped beast , the story offers a suspenseful blend of science and the supernatural , with infallible Holmesian logic predictably winning out by story 's end.My only reservation about the book is that it is perhaps a little too formulaic in composition . Among the murder suspects are many
 Published in the beginning of the XX Century , `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' was a huge hit . Sir Arthur Conan Doyle was virtually pressed to write it , because there was so much demand for the character . And even ` under pressure ' he managed to write a very interesting novel , that has became timely and has entertained readers for over a hundred years.Narrated by Sherlock Holmes 's best friend , Mr Watson , `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' is pretty much what its title says . For years a curse frightened the Baskerville family with a huge and deadly hound . Most believe this is a supernatural event , related to the forces of evil . Holmes , on the other hand , who is a very scientific and logic man , refuses to believe in this explanation . At least , until all the logical possibilities are ruled out.The device of picking Dr Watson -- who is an everyman -- as narrator serves to makes us feel closer to the brilliant Holmes . Not only are the readers connected with Watson by his narration , but , mostly because we tend to have the same common sense analyzes of the situation . Therefore , the detective has the advantage of bringing a different light to a problem . Doyle always provides him with more information than we have . It is a kind of cheat , because sometimes Holmes is not really cleverer -- just more informed . But , the book is so much fun that readers do n't really mind being deceived . Moreover , Holmes has a huge ego and it makes him even more fun.One major conflict guides the novel
 This is a rare novel of Holmes , and it keeps the reader intense from the start . It truly is a masterpiece , and the whole plot and mystery solving on the part of Holmes is spectacular . Great book .
 Most Sherlock Holmes stories -LRB- especially the short stories like The Red Headed League -RRB- are like playing chess in a Victorian drawing room . You get a period piece with some subtle moves . The Hound of the Baskervilles is a total change-up from that format . Doyle builds the atmosphere of ancient legends , foul play , and a dark moor in an irresistible way . You will find yourself looking out over your shoulder if you read this book on a dark , lonely night . So if you like a novel with a true gothic feel , this will be your main reward.Your unexpected reward will be one of the most famous clues in all of detective fiction . In searching out who is haunting the Baskerville 's , Doyle has Holmes solve the puzzle by looking for something that is missing . This is the only mystery that I know of that is solved by vacuous fulfillment -LRB- an odd concept of mathematics that Doyle must have known about -RRB- . The third feature of this story are the many fallacious beliefs about how science works -LRB- like phrenology -- the shape of the skull determining your mind and character -RRB- . You may find this interesting or annoying . In either case , try to remember that we probably have many similar false beliefs today that will look silly a hundred years from now . Can you think of one?Wrap up in a blanket by the fire , have a glass of wine , and enjoy !
 Having read many other Sherlock Holmes short stories by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , I decided to read this book to see what the Sherlock Holmes novels were like . All in all I thought this book was excellent . The plot was smoothly paced , never slowing down too much and there were various climaxes that are typical to Doyle 's stories . Told from Watson 's point of view -LRB- as all the Sherlock Holmes stories are -RRB- the books story takes place in `` real time '' chapters as well as chapters that are letters which Watson has sent to Holmes . This is where the only real disappointment of the book lies , Sherlock Holmes is absent in most of the story . Overlooking this , however , all the other characters in the story are marvelously created and entirely believable . And as always , people are not always as they first appear . As usual , the story leaves you in suspense the whole time and finally reveals the solution to you until right at the end when you are on the edge of your seat . All in all , I found this book to be a fine example of Sherlock Holmes literature . It is a fine mystery novel that is very eloquently written . It is for this reason that I give this book a 4.8 / 5 or on amazon 's rating scale , a 5 .
 The Hound of the Baskervilles is a true mystery classic by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle . It tells of Sherlock Holmes and his trusty comrade , Dr. John Watson . This extraordinary pair has solved dozens of mysteries times before , but now come to their most difficult case . Years ago , Hugo Baskerville was killed by a monstrous hound . This curse of the hound has haunted all the Baskervilles who come to live at the Baskerville Hall . Sir Charles goes to live there , but soon is found dead , scared to death . His only relative , Sir Henry Baskerville , goes to live at Baskerville Hall accompanied by Holmes and Watson . All along the way , they are left mysterious clues that eventually help them unlock the killer . I really liked this classic who-dun-it because around every corner was a twist . It kept you guessing until the end and was really upbeat
 The Hound of the Baskervilles is a true mystery classic by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle . It tells of Sherlock Holmes and his trusty comrade , Dr. John Watson . This extraordinary pair has solved dozens of mysteries times before , but now come to their most difficult case . Years ago , Hugo Baskerville was killed by a monstrous hound . This curse of the hound has haunted all the Baskervilles who come to live at the Baskerville Hall . Sir Charles goes to live there , but soon is found dead , scared to death . His only relative , Sir Henry Baskerville , goes to live at Baskerville Hall accompanied by Holmes and Watson . All along the way , they are left mysterious clues that eventually help them unlock the killer . I really liked this classic who-dun-it because around every corner was a twist . It kept you guessing until the end and was really upbeat .
 This is a great mystery novel - probably Sherlock Holmes ' best - and a good thriller in its own right . Arthur Conan Doyle creates a genuinely creepy atmosphere by his setting on the English moors and the legend of the demonic hound . Of course , being a Holmes story , most things end up with a rational explanation , but there is good , honest , Victorian terror along the way . Reading it , I was struck by how much it must have influenced the movie , An American Werewolf in London.Conan Doyle has a wonderful , economic prose style and his Holmes stories always move at a quick pace . The only maddening thing is how much time Sherlock himself spends off-stage . I guess Conan Doyle treats the character the way most authors treat villains - only allowing the reader glimpses of him . I guess that is because Sherlock 's mind is so atypical , he is ultimately unknowable to us . In this story , Holmes has to stay behind in London for a while , so he sends the very competent Dr. Watson to Baskerville hall to investigate the strange goings-on .
 Where can you find giant hounds that stalk and kill an innocent victim in the night ? Well , a good place to look for this dreadful event is in Arthur Conan Doyle 's novel , Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Hound of the Baskervilles . It is a wonderful , but mysterious book that will surely keep you on the edge of your seat . Sherlock Holmes is a very intelligent protagonist who always has a wise explanation for everything that seems unusual . This novel takes place in the gloomy swamplands of England , around the Baskerville estate . The main conflict in the story is Person vs. Nature because during almost the whole story , Holmes is trying to find the ghostlike hound and figure out exactly what is going on.I enjoyed this book a lot because it does n't give away too much information and allows you to think about all of the possible explanations for the hound which are probably much worse then the actual reasons . I also felt almost like I was right there with Sherlock helping him solve the case . Overall the book was very good but one feature that I did n't like is my edition , illustrated by Pablo Marcos Studio , had many pictures and they definitely were n't how I pictured the hound , it did n't even look like a hound or any kind of animal I have ever seen for that matter . I would have liked to have used more of my imagination to visualize how I think the hound should really look . Despite what you may have heard , this book is not stupid or boring ; it is actually very interesting and I think you would enjoy it if you have an open mind .
 I found this book to be a very good work of litureature . It keeps the reader guessing and was always having unexpected twists and turns . I had read a few other Sherlock Holmes books and I have to say that this was my favorite.The plot was extreamly intracate and the characters were rich and dramatic . It was fun to see the characters progress and watch them face unknown odds .
 This novel is out and away the best work that Sir Arthur Conan Doyle did with his famous duo . The dark shadows of the moor , a family ghost , a family with a soiled member bent on homicide -LRB- quite ingeniously , by the by -RRB- , an escaped murderer , and then the hound from hell itself ! Great stuff , the stuff of legend . Five solid Sherlock stars from The Blade ! Oh , and avoid imitations of this story . How do you improve on perfection ? Quoth the Raven .
 The novel I read is called `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' by Arthur Conan Doyle . I liked this book because of the characters , how the story developed , and how it was written.The main characters in the book are Sherlock Holmes and Watson . Together they solve the mystery of who killed Sir Charles Baskerville . I think they make a good team because Sherlock does more of the thinking about evidence and theories and Watson goes out and does the leg work of asking questions and gathering information . Even though Sherlock knows the answer to the mystery , he would n't be able to do it without Watson and he does n't act like the superior of the two.I also liked the book because it was a mystery so the more I read , the more exciting it got as the killer 's identity was revealed . I did not know who the killer was or what his motive was until the end.Finally , I liked the way the author wrote . When Sir Henry was being chased by the hound , I almost felt like it was after me . He had the characters say things like `` By Jove '' and `` Good Heavens '' . Also , instead of writing `` he said '' all the time , it was sometimes written as `` said he '' . Lastly , words would be repeated which I thought made it funny such as
 This is a book of stupifying and mind-blowing set of events , in which the incredible Sherlock Holmes is called forth to solve the mystery of the hound that has haunted the Baskerville family for generations . Death and puzzlement will arise as Holmes investigates the mysterious death of Sir Henry 's father . He stumbles across the most mysterious case yet . I rate this book a five because of the way it keeps you thinking and guessing . I recomend this book not only for mystery lovers , but to people who like to think and guess as well . Three reasons you should read this book are
 This book is suspenceful and exciting . Once again Sherlock Holmes is given a interesting case . The Baskerville mansion is located on the moor , where it is said that there is a great hound that kills the anyone in the bloodline . The old Baskerville that owns the mansion is mystiously killed , yet there is not a mark on his body , and it comes the time for a new Baskerville to take on the mansion . Sherlock and Watson come with him and unravel a thrilling secret buried deep within the moor , with interesting twists and close calls , this is an exciting , fast paced must read .
 With echoes of Edgar Allan Poe , this 1902 novel continues to delight mystery-lovers . Elegantly written in formal prose , the story focuses on the moor surrounding the ancestral home of Sir Henry Baskerville , an American who has inherited it upon the mysterious death of his uncle Charles . The moor is so treacherous that no one dares venture upon it at night-one step off the path , and the mire will swallow the unfortunate victim.Family legend says that a sadistic Baskerville from the eighteenth century once loosed a huge and ferocious dog in pursuit of a woman who had escaped his clutches , and that she had died of fright when she heard the dog panting behind her on the moor . The lecherous Baskerville , in pursuit , had had his throat torn out by this `` dog from hell . '' The ghostly dog can still be heard howling on the moors , and many believe it was the dog which caused the elderly Sir Charles Baskerville to have his fatal heart attack.In classically Gothic style , the novel features mysterious cries from the moor , foggy nights , an escaped prisoner , signals by candlelight , a butler who knows more than he says , a beautiful woman with a mysterious past , a small boy who carries messages , and someone who spies on the dark and isolated Baskerville Hall . Sherlock Holmes plays a lesser role in this story than he does in most others , remaining in London while Dr. Watson accompanies Sir Henry to his estate as an observer and protector.Holmes , of course , is operating behind the scenes , learning about the activities at Baskerville Hall through the daily accounts which Watson sends him -LRB- and which reveal much of the action to the reader -RRB- . By no means the bumbling character which films have portrayed , Watson offers sensible advice to Sir Henry and shows a keen eye for details of interest to Holmes.Though the prose is often `` purple '' with melodrama and overwrought description , this contributes to the fun of the novel , providing a dramatic counterweight to the extreme logic of Sherlock Holmes , whose late appearance in the novel comes as a carefully timed surprise . The story is intriguing , the mysteries are well developed , the atmosphere is suitably spooky , and the resolution , though not really surprising , is appropriate . Even if the story had not been made into a memorable film with Basil Rathbone , The Hound of the Baskervilles would still be justly famous as Conan Doyle 's best developed mystery , a genuine classic of the genre . Mary Whipple
 When I read the back of the book , I thought this was going to be a fantasy novel . It turns out , while the story is fictional , it could very well be a true story and not far-fetched at all . The characters are slightly confusing , and the middle tends to lag on a bit , but overall , it was a nice read . It 's not one of those one-sitter books , but if you have a lot of time on your hands and would like to read an anticipating novel , The Hound of the Baskervilles is a great pick . : -RRB-
 This is the first work by Arthur Doyle I have read and I must begin by saying it is a brilliant novel . The mood , the details , the characters -- all of it is wonderful . Doyle has created a magnificent story with his successful character , Sherlock Homes.When starting the book , I found the language odd and not of my liking . But as I continued , I came to appreciate it . The novel is n't long , nor is it difficult to understand -LRB- though some words were a bit confusing , it is easy to discern their meaning by reading the sentence through again -RRB- . Though I liked the beginning , I did n't become fully engrossed until page 50 and on.The story itself , told by Dr. Watson , Holmes friend and assistant , follows the mysterious death -LRB- or murder -RRB- of Sir Charles Baskerville . There is a legend surrounding the Baskervilles , and it tells of a devilish hound which has cursed the family . Suspiciouns of this tale being true are heightened when peasants report of seeing a hound on the moor and unexplained howlings travel on the wind . Dr. Mortimer , a friend of the deceased Charles , comes to Holmes asking him to help make sense of the mysterious death and advise him on what to do with the heir to Baskerville Hall , Henry Baskerville , who is arriving from Canada . Many curious characters and surprising twists befall our protagonists . I will leave the plot discription at that , for I do not want to spoil anything.This book is a classic and is a very enjoyable read . Well written and engrossing , it will keep you hooked till the end .
 The image of Sherlock Holmes in ` The Hound of the Baskervilles ' is perhaps the most enduring image we have of him . You see , an Inverness cloak and deerstalker cap are inappropriate wardrobe for the town , and belong in the country . Sherlock Holmes is predominantly a city dweller and city investigator ; it is relatively uncommon that he treks out on adventures , but the case of the mysterious death of Sir Charles Baskerville and the attempted murder of Sir Henry Baskerville led him to the Dartmoor plain . Thus , country garb was in order . This is where we get much of our imagery.Also helping with this is that every major actor to play Holmes has considered ` Hound of the Baskervilles ' to be the ultimate Holmes story to act -- rather like the Hamlet of Conan Doyle 's work . Holmes was a popular film icon , and in the early decades of the twentieth century several dozen films were made of Holmes , but the first after these many films to be set in Victorian times -LRB- and not be updated for the screen -RRB- was a version of Hound . Ellie Norwood , Basil Rathbone , Peter Cushing , Jeremy Brett -- many distinguished actors have considered this among their greatest roles.Watson dates the case to 1889 , but various reading authorities , knowing the good doctor 's occasional attempts to distort details to protect the privacy of the innocent , have dated this to between 1886 and 1900 . In fact , the novel appeared in serialised form in the Strand magazine , the great first-publication site of most Holmesian tales , between August 1901 and April 1902 , after Conan Doyle had attempted to kill off the great detective in the short story The Final Problem , which showcased Holmes ' battle with Moriarity , the Napoleon of Crime . In fact , Conan Doyle came to dislike the character of Holmes because it was a distraction to his other pursuits.So , bowing to public pressure , Conan Doyle penned Hound of the Baskervilles to placate the public demand for more stories , but took care to place it before the death of Holmes , in the hopes that he could leave the detective safely dead -LRB- if not buried -RRB- . Such was not to be , and we find a few years later that in fact Conan Doyle ` resurrects ' Holmes in a rather ingenious fashion.But , on to the story at hand . Holmes and Watson , at home at 221b Baker Street , are approached by a Dr. James Mortimer regarding the death of Sir Charles Baskerville and a family curse which involved evil forces in the form of a satanic hound . Mortimer is concerned for the safety of the new proprietor of the family lands , freshly arriving from Canada , who had a new boot stolen , then an old boot stolen , in his hotel in London . Later Holmes would put together the significance of this seeming strange minor act -LRB- no , I wo n't tell you -RRB- . Holmes sends Baskerville and Watson together to the country estate while he tends things in London on another case . In reality , Holmes is setting Watson up as a diversion , while he investigates the moor and the surroundings of the Baskerville estate under cover . Life at the estate is a bit strained , given the murder , an attempted murder , a curse , and all . The neighbours seem nice enough , though . Or are they ? Watson picks up on curious little details of their relationship , which he reports back in written notes to Holmes -LRB- which have been redirected to his moor outpost -RRB- . Eventually Holmes reveals himself to Watson , and then to Baskerville , and the chase is on in earnest , to discover the reality of the mysterious creature each have seen or heard . In good mystery fashion , we come across long lost relatives and an inheritance to be had ; we find plots and subplots muddied by superstitious belief and fear , on a mysterious plain in southwestern England.All the elements combined that are now considered standard bits for a well-done country English mystery . But the mystery does not stop merely with the story . In true mystery fashion , appearing in the Daily Express edition of March 16 , 1959 , there were doubts cast upon the authorship of Hound of the Baskervilles . The one who carried the dispute was named none other than Baskerville , Harry Baskerville . He credited the story to one Fletcher Robinson , who died -LRB- perhaps of the Egyptian mummy 's curse -RRB- at age 35 shortly after the publication of Hound . With his death , only Baskerville remembered the issue of co-authorship . Baskerville claims it was Robinson who ` borrowed ' the Baskerville name.One of Conan Doyle 's heirs , Adrian Conan Doyle , heatedly denied involvement of Robinson past possible ` conversations ' that might have taken place between Arthur Conan Doyle and Robinson . But , he did not deny Conan Doyle 's possible ` inspiration ' from Robinson.One Baker Street Irregular -LRB- an exclusive club of Holmesian experts -RRB- was doing a monograph on this issue as well , claiming that the reason why Holmes appears so infrequently is due to the fact that he had to be written in to an otherwise essentially completed story . This Irregular travelled to meet with Baskerville , and hinted at discoveries he had found . But alas , the Irregular died three weeks later in America , his monograph never published and his notes were never found . Perhaps a dog ate the homework ? A mysterious hound , perhaps ?
 Sherlock Holmes is approached by a concerned doctor from Devonshire , in this longest and most famous of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's mysteries . A novel in its own right , this tale of the macabre murder on the moor -LRB- which houses a desolate prison -RRB- takes Holmes from London to the dreaded Grimpen Mire-treacherous with pockets of quicksand . But nothing will deter the famous Victorian sleuth from helping an innocent man discover the truth about the family legend . Is it really a hound from Hell or something more worldly which threatens to wipe out the Baskerville family?Even Holmes expresses reserve about taking on the devil himself , for he admits that this foe is as vicious and clever as any he has encountered . Forced to go undercover , Holmes delegates faithful Dr. Watson to guard the new baronet at Baskerville Hall , with serious instructions to send regular reports of all he uncovers to him in London . Doyle 's style includes lenghty dialogue , unrealistically long and detailed letters , with alternating slow and fast pacing ; the interesting denouement , where all lose ends are explained , occurs curiously two months later.THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES proves vintage Victoriana , where Holmes ' mind proves as fertile and agile as the master criminal 's elaborate schemes to defraud the true heir . Holmes uses both his `` irregulars '' and Scotland Yard to help him achieve justice on the moor . If this is your introduction to the sleuth who resides at 221-B Baker Street , be sure to enjoy an anthology of his fascinating and deadly short stories .
 The Hound of the Baskervilles is about one of theadventures of the famous Sherlock Holmes . He 's donesome excellent sleuthing and interviewing in this 256page mystery . You might be a little uninterested atthe start because it begins a little slow and thelanguage is a little out of date , but if you stickwith it for a few pages you 'll see how intriguing themystery is . The tension raises and raises until youfind out if the case is of the supernatural or justcriminal.Sir Charles Baskerville has just died and the verywealthy Baskerville estate in England is now in thehands of young Sir Henry Baskerville . Sir Charlesseems to die of the cursed family hound that HugoBaskerville brought upon the family 300 years ago.Sir Henry is now in terrible fear of the moor which isalways the place that this hound of doom strikes.Right from when Charles arrives in London strangethings start happening . He also gets an interesting and mysterious warning.This book is truly great because sometimes you maythink you know the culprit but it turns out that you 're wrong.The person you think is the culprit is just doing something entirely un-expected and it adds more mysteries to the crime . Sherlock Holmes has to risk it all and lieeven to his best friend and assistant , the narrator , Watson.The setting of the moor is the perfect place for thelegend to exist because of all the ancient structuresand the Grimpen Mire . You 'll have to read the book tounderstand what I mean . The book is an excellentadventure for all ages and is n't too long of a read .
 I really enjoyed reading The Hound of the Baskervilles . I thought it was very exciting and suspensful . Conan Doyle uses a very elevated vocabulary which may not be appropriate for young people . Also Conan Doyle does a great job of illustrating to us what Baskerville Hall might look like and what the moor may seem like at midnight on a cloudy evening . He also depicts the characters very well and he did a great job with the death scenes . I was a little dissappointed that the book was not more scarey . It was not the best I have ever read but The Hound of the Baskervilles was certainly a great book .
 First I must make a note of the fact that this is the first and only Sherlock Holmes story I 've read thus far . Therefore I can not offer any kind of comparison between `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' and Doyle 's other works . I will simply give you my thoughts about it as a story in and of itself.The book is simply written and easy to understand , but the plot remains engaging throughout . It is not overly complicated , but neither is it too simplistic or predictable . The Baskerville family has passed down the legend of a giant black hound that plagues the residents of Baskerville Hall , bringing a swift end to any that dare venture alone onto the nearby moor at night . When Sir Charles Baskerville is found dead upon the moor with the pawprints of a large dog in the earth nearby , the case is presented to Sherlock Holmes in hopes of unraveling the mystery and ensuring the safety of Sir Charles 's nephew and Baskerville Hall 's new occupant , Sir Henry Baskerville.Too busy to investigate the matter himself , Holmes sends his friend and assistant , Dr. Watson , out to Baskerville Hall in his stead . Watson is the narrator of the story , and we see threads of the mystery slowly unravel as he makes his reports back to Holmes . Other reviewers have complained about the fact that Holmes is not the central figure in this particular novel , but I actually liked the way the story was done . And as we find out toward the end of the book , Holmes actually plays a larger part than he initially appears to . I must admit , though , that it was a bit depressing to see Watson toil away at investigating and drawing conclusions only to have Holmes repeatedly inform him that his conclusions are wrong . Watson does most of the drudge-work but gets very little in return.The style of the writing was very appealing to me . The story has a very dark , gothic feel , and is full of suspense . Doyle 's descriptions make the eerie moor feel very real . For a book written a century ago , it is still very reader-friendly . The only part where I thought the book dropped off a little was in the last few chapters . For all the build-up and suspense , the climax of the story is much too short and quickly resolved , leaving a feeling of unreality . Also , Doyle concludes by having Holmes simply recite to Watson all the details of his sleuthing that were left out of the action of the book . I think the rule `` Show , do n't tell , '' is a good one when it comes to literature , and I would rather have actually seen Holmes come to his conclusions as the story progressed.Overall , though , I did enjoy the book , and look forward to reading more of Doyle 's work . My one last word of advice regards this particular edition of the book -LRB- the 1993 Signet Classics printing with Afterword by Frederick Busch -RRB- . There are numerous typos that really should have been caught and corrected before publishing -LRB- most , curiously , are instances where the letter `` t '' is inexplicably replaced with the letter `` b '' -RRB- . I would recommend looking for a different version that is more competently edited .
 This is hands down one of the best mysteries ever written by Doyle . While Amazon categorizes it as a book for 9-12 year olds , I believe it may be too difficult for the low end of this age range . Either way , adults and young adults alike who enjoy mysteries , or just a suspenseful story written by a master of the craft , should read this book . -LRB- ... -RRB- , I know how difficult it is to put together a moving story that can hold a reader 's interest . `` hound '' is a large book that even non-readers will quickly become absorbed in . I highly recommend it .
 A 7th Grade review on `` Sherlock Holmes and the Hound of the Baskervilles `` I enjoyed this book . The only problem I found was that the beginning does n't do a good job of reeling you in . However , the farther into the book you get , the more exciting the plot becomes . Sometimes , the only reason I kept on reading the book was because I knew what was coming next . The story does make up for what it lacks in the beginning in the end.The case starts out when Dr. James Mortimer brings a case to Sherlock Holmes . The detective dubs it ; `` Very suspicious indeed . '' It concerns the mysterious death of a very rich and respected man , Sir Charles Baskerville . He apparently went out for his nightly walk the day before he left for London , afraid of the family curse . Later that night , Sir Charles was found dead with no harm at all to his body . Now the new heir , Sir Henry Baskerville , has been warned to leave Baskerville Hall - or else.With Sherlock in London , and Watson left alone to deal with the case , there does n't appear to be much hope to stop the villan . However , the great detective may be up against more than just human forces . The curse of the Baskervilles , started by the evil Sir Hugo in the early 17th century , has been haunting the Baskervilles ever since . Sir Hugo fell in love with a yeoman 's daughter and swore he would marry her . He kidnapped her and held her prisoner in Baskerville hall . Shortly after , she escaped . Hugo chased her down the moor on horseback until she died of exhaustion . When Sir Hugo 's companions finally caught up with him , he was dead . Standing over his body was an enormous black hound plucking at his throat . Now the hound has returned , can Sherlock and Watson defeat their greatest enemy yet?I give `` Sherlock Holmes and the Hound of the Baskervilles '' :4 stars .
 As a young teenager , I found The Hound of the Baskervilles a thrilling adventure . In this tale , Sherlock Holmes and his trustworthy assistant , Watson , find themselves thrown into a mystery stretching back generations . A strange hound , linked to several deaths , has stalked the Baskerville family for decades . This book engages the reader from start to finish through strong action and suspense . The characters are distinct and believable throughout . Friendship , loyalty and perseverance develop as major themes as the story unfolds . The PACES Study Guide gives the reader the tools for a much deeper understanding of the book . Any reader can easily find enjoyment in this tale .
 `` The Hound of The Baskervilles '' by Arthur Conan Doyle was interesting from the first page . There 's already a mystery to be solved right when you open the book , with a mysterious cane left in Watson and Sherlock 's office.Doyle keeps each page filled with suspense and thrills . Even as I read , I could hear the low , mournful sound of the hound that Stapleton keeps locked up baying across the moor.The characters are amazing and funny . Sherlock Holmes keeps me giggling with all of his oddities and eccentrities . Watson is amusing with his normal assumptions next to Sherlock.The mystery is intriguing and darker and deeper than it first appears . The book can actually be rather creepy and suspenseful , unlike the other mystery novels where they 're solving the typical robbery , or something like that.The only thing that I did n't like as much compared to other authors I 've read was that his sense of description was n't as good . I had to rely more on my imagination to see the moors as he described it rather than what it really looked like.Yet in spite of that , the novel was comedy , mystery , and a pinch of horror all rolled into one delicious enchilada .
 The setting is the star of Arthur Conan Doyle 's atmospheric `` The Hound of the Baskervilles , '' his most popular Sherlock Holmes story . With its barren fog-shrouded wastes , Neolithic ruins , and the treacherous Grimpen Mire , the bleak moor Doyle describes in such delicious detail is the ideal background for a creepy Gothic mystery . Does a cursed hellhound stalk the last heir to the Baskerville fortune ? Only Sherlock Holmes can answer that , but for a good portion of the novel Watson is left to investigate on his own . The absence of the hyper-rational detective allows the supernatural mystique of this puzzle to develop without distraction before the master detective steps in to dispel the mystery . This is an uncommonly fun read .
 I have read and enjoyed many a good Sherlock Holmes story -LRB- e.g. `` The Red-Headed League '' is a winner -RRB- , but at the very top of the book stack I would place `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' . Who could ever forget the atmosphere that Arthur Conan Doyle evokes by his use of those misty moors!In teaching English -LRB- Literature -RRB- to a class of 7th & 8th grade boys , I was at first a bit hesitant to introduce this novel as our text . Would a group of squirrelly junior high boys find anything of interest in a book written in 1901 ? Answer
 An absolute classic which includes some of the more memorable characters and setting in any murder mystery . This book focusses more on eloquent Watson , which is a good choice since he is the character readers can relate to . Conversely , Holmes ' extraordinary deductive reasoning powers make him the `` superhero '' of the story at just the right times . The setting of the `` Grimpen Mire '' is perfect for a murder mystery
 The story opens with the reader seeing yet again how brilliant Sherlock Holmes is in his ability to be able deductions . A walking stick is left at Holmes ' place on Baker Street . Dr. Watson gives his deductions , and we as the reader can see how Dr. Watson 's deductions make sense . Then Holmes says Watson is all wrong , and gives his deductions , which prove to be correct.The background for this story is hundreds of years ago a Hugo Baskerville got drunk with some friends , and chased a local peasant girl out into the moors with his hounds . Since that time many of the Baskervilles have died unpleasant deaths . Many in the family believe there is a curse.Dr . Mortimer , the owner of the walking stick , brings the latest events of a tragedy where Charles Baskerville has died under mysterious circumstances . Henry Baskerville , the known survivor to the Baskerville estate , is coming to town . Dr. Mortimer is concerned that Henry may also soon end up dead.Sherlock Holmes is intrigue and decides to take the case . Holmes begs off getting involved because of other cases he is working on , but Dr. Watson goes back to the Baskerville estate with Henry Baskerville . The story unfolds with possible motives , and more clues.This is a fun story . It is worth reading . To be part of the Western Civilization , and current culture , it is helpful to have knowledge of Sherlock Holmes . If you have n't read a Sherlock Holmes , this is a good one to start .
 The story opens with the reader seeing yet again how brilliant Sherlock Holmes is in his ability to be able deductions . A walking stick is left at Holmes ' place on Baker Street . Dr. Watson gives his deductions , and we as the reader can see how Dr. Watson 's deductions make sense . Then Holmes says Watson is all wrong , and gives his deductions , which prove to be correct.The background for this story is hundreds of years ago a Hugo Baskerville got drunk with some friends , and chased a local peasant girl out into the moors with his hounds . Since that time many of the Baskervilles have died unpleasant deaths . Many in the family believe there is a curse.Dr . Mortimer , the owner of the walking stick , brings the latest events of a tragedy where Charles Baskerville has died under mysterious circumstances . Henry Baskerville , the known survivor to the Baskerville estate , is coming to town . Dr. Mortimer is concerned that Henry may also soon end up dead.Sherlock Holmes is intrigue and decides to take the case . Holmes begs off getting involved because of other cases he is working on , but Dr. Watson goes back to the Baskerville estate with Henry Baskerville . The story unfolds with possible motives , and more clues.This is a fun story . It is worth reading . To be part of the Western Civilization , and current culture , it is helpful to have knowledge of Sherlock Holmes . If you have n't read a Sherlock Holmes , this is a good one to start .
 `` He was n't walking on his tip-toes , Watson , he was running ... running for his life . `` Written in 1902 , The Hound of the Baskervilles is probably the most famous of Conan-Doyle 's Sherlock Holmes mysteries , and understandably so . What is there not to love here ? Setting this tale amid the legends of the lonely moors of rural Devonshire , Conan-Doyle revived his protagonist from a watery Swiss grave and let Watson take us back a decade to the day a nervous client comes to call on 221-B Baker Street . The man believes full well in the legend of a murderous hellhound which preys upon the male heirs of the all-but extinct Baskerville line , and he fears for the safety of the new heir , who is soon to arrive to take possession of his ancestral home . Whereas the tale of a predatory dog that arose after a 17th century curse might be laughed off in the enlightened Victorian Era , the stark truth is , the previous owner of Baskerville Hall was found dead on his grounds after a nocturnal stroll , his face a mask of terror , and about his body lay the paw prints of an enormous hound ! Holmes is asked to determine whether this creature of myth , recently blamed for the suspicious death of the elderly Sir Henry Baskerville , is an apparition or a being of flesh and bone . Holmes sends Watson off to lead the quest for truth , and stays behind in London . Over the distance of this story , a hyperactive anthropologist , a law and order fanatic local busybody , a slinking , creepy butler and his wife , a beautiful Brazilian lady and the lady 's giddy brother are all introduced to us , as is the last living representative of the Baskerville line , an American who disregards all notions of any danger existing from something as silly as a demonic hound . The atmospheric story is super and sucks in even the most resistant mind as it simultaneously zips us back a hundred and ten years and confronts us with a case that is either supernatural or murder most dark .
 When I began the book , I thought it would be slow going because it was written about 100 years ago . I was SO wrong ! I finished the book in a period of less than 24 hours !!! This is an absolutely fabulous book ! Doyle 's use of language is masterful , and you are swept away to the moor with its swamps , jagged cliffs , and massive hills . I can honestly say I was quite spooked as I was reading some of it at night!Since this is the first novel I have ever read by Doyle , I did n't know what to expect . But the twists in the plot and the constant itching to know what was going to happen next had me hooked!I watched the 1959 movie after reading this , and I have to say it was a disgrace . I do n't know if I would be happy seeing any of the versions , only because I do n't know if any of them could even compare to the rich world and language used by Doyle to transport you to Devonshire !! But of course , the book is always better than the movie . : -RRB-
 i thought it was a very good book and i enjoyed it very much .
 I read this book as a kid but that was long enough ago that reading it again was like discovering it for the first time . This is probably the best known of all of the Sherlock Holmes stories and it it really deserves it 's classic status . It is a gripping tale mixing crime investigation with a touch of the supernatural and is after 100 years still a page-turner . Arthur Conan Doyle helped start a genre that continues to entertain as evidenced by the countless crime novels and detective shows on TV . Despite the potential overexposure Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson still seem relevant and the deductive reasoning Holmes employs to solve the mystery of the Hound Of The Baskervilles is so entertaining that I read this in one day , unable to put it aside . Crime solving raised to a high art form never gets old .
 With its unique and detailed setting that takes place in the past with mild moorlands and an evil feel , The Hound of the Baskervilles is a very goodd mystery novel . A novel that keeps you thinking , debating , guessing , and wanting to read more , which I personally think is the key to a good book . In this novel , good is pitted against evil , and realism against the supernatural , as Sherlock Holmes tries to defeat a very worthy and powerful foe . Throughout the novel , Holmes characteristically dismisses the following theory
 What a book . It 's written as though you were there in the marshes , you can feel the dampness of the cool , wet fog all around you , sometimes it makes the hair stand up on the back of your neck if your reading it late at night , in bed with only one dim light on , lol . Arthur Conan Doyle was a master when it came to writing stories about his Sherlock Holmes . I great read .
 i love this book . sir arthur conan doyle is a wonderful writer and i would recomend this book and many other writings to anyone.it is full of suspence and is just thriling .
 Read & reread my book till it fell apart . Bought this & the story continues for me . Good size print , easy to hold , solid . Should last many more reads . thanks Amazon !
 Hound of the Baskervilles is among the best times with the character of Sherlock Holmes , because it is one of the longest ! :-RRB- The novel length gives time to get into the mystery without it wrapping up too soon . This allows the suspense to build and some more personal details about the key characters . The ending is not terrific , but it fits in the classic who-done-it of the genre . Doyle has written better in some of his short stories , but this has some unique features , including Watson getting to be at the center of things and mysterious sightings on the moor . It 's one that always seemed to be on the high school summer reading lists , and it is enjoyable in that kind of reading
 Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES is one of the best . It has lasted over a century , having been published in 1901 . If you have n't read it , do so today -- there have n't been many changes in detective fiction in the last hundred years.Nash Black , author of SINS OF THE FATHERS .
 `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a unique story in the Sherlock Holmes canon -- author Arthur Conan Doyle wrote it in the years between Holmes ' death and his resurrection several years later.But due to public pressure , Doyle brought Holmes and Watson back temporarily for a sort of `` memoir '' tale , a tale of supernatural curses , escaped convicts and ghastly glowing hounds . It suffers a little from a lack of Holmes , but is otherwise a tightly-written , solid little mystery.Sir Charles Baskerville was found dead of a heart attack -- apparently killed by a family curse in the shape of a giant dog . So his pal Dr. Mortimer asks Sherlock Holmes to protect Charles ' heir , Henry Baskerville , who has just arrived in England to claim his estate and inheritance.But even without Holmes , Watson can tell that something is up -- secretive servants , peculiar neighbors , an escaped criminal , a giant quicksand marsh , and the sounds of a dog howling in the night . But Holmes knows that the curse is no supernatural hound -- and that Sir Henry is in danger from a more real kind of ancient enemy . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' stumbles in one area -- the relative lack of Holmes . He 's out of the picture for most of the book , and Watson does plenty of solid detecting on his own . Everybody loves the faithful narrator , but Watson is n't the Great Detective , and the book feels vaguely incomplete without Holmes inspecting clues and giving little hints to Watson.The mystery unfolds at a languid pace , dropping a few red herrings along the way . Doyle pays loving attention to the dangerous , almost surreal Grimpen Mire and the surrounding countryside . But when Holmes comes back onto the scene , the book tightens itself up . All the plot threads rapidly slip into place as the real `` hound '' is uncovered.Holmes ' steel-trap mind is untarnished here , especially when he reveals what he figured out at the end . He 's especially likable in an endearing scene at the beginning , where he educates Watson on deduction . But this is Watson 's turn to shine , since he spends a long time gathering clues and even solving a sub-mystery without any assistance . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a short , satisfying Holmesian mystery , which is only hampered by Holmes ' absence for about half the book . Solid work , and a good introduction to the Holmes series .
 The Hound of the Baskervilles , by A. Conan DoyleSherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson discuss what can be deduced from a walking stick left behind by a visitor . When the visitor returns he tells of the old legend about the hound of the Baskerville family , and how Sir Charles Baskerville died recently . Dr. James Mortimer found the footprints of a gigantic hound twenty yards from the body ! There have been sightings of a huge hound on the moors at night . A new heir , Sir Henry Baskerville , arrives from Canada to take over the Baskerville property ; he is the last of the line . Will he meet the same evil fate ? Holmes makes an appointment to meet Sir Henry the next day . Holmes peers over the Ordnance map of that area . Has any crime been committed -LRB- Chapter 3 -RRB- ? Sir Henry tells of a warning letter sent to his hotel ; who knew he was there ? Why would anyone steal just one of his new boots ? Would anyone follow Sir Henry ? Dr. Watson will accompany Sir Henry back to Baskerville Hall ; there is less danger in a small village than in London . Dr. Watson must keep his revolver near and never relax his precautions -LRB- Chapter 6 -RRB- . The moor country is described as wild and sparsely settled . Dr. Watson reports his observations of the people who meet with Sir Henry . Watson sees the dangers of the great Grimpen Mire when a pony is caught in a bog and killed . There are stone huts from prehistoric man . Watson meets Stapleton the naturalist and then his beautiful sister -LRB- who tells him to go back to London -RRB- . Stapleton had once been a schoolmaster -LRB- Chapter 7 -RRB- . Watson sends letters to Holmes in London -LRB- Chapter 8 -RRB- . Mr. Frankland has a passion for litigation . He also observes the country with a telescope on his roof . Why was Stapleton so angry -LRB- Chapter 9 -RRB- ? What was the secret of the Barrymores ? Watson meets Laura Lyons and hears her secret story -LRB- Chapter 11 -RRB- . What did she hold back ? Mr. Frankland observed the stone huts . Then Watson hears a terrible scream from the moor -LRB- Chapter 12 -RRB- . Holmes has the solution to a cold-blooded murder , but lacked definitive proof . Holmes studied the portrait of the wicked Sir Hugo . Then plans are made for the night 's activities . Will an unexpected fog create a complication ? Holmes , Watson , and Lestrade rescue Sir Henry from a murderous fate . The villain escaped to a hiding place on the moor , but justice was n't cheated . Chapter 15 ties up the loose ends.This may be the most popular of Doyle 's four Holmes novels . It does not involve a religion , a company town , or imperial looting . Did Doyle implicitly criticize a hereditary aristocracy that passed down evils to each generation ? The character traits of the villain seem like those in true crime stories . Inheritance through murder has inspired other stories -LRB- `` The List of Adrian Messenger '' -RRB- . There is one flaw in this story . How could the purchase of food for a giant hound be kept secret ? Sherlock Holmes could question the grocers and butchers in the area to find the owner of that giant hound .
 The main conflict in this book is that Sir Charles Baskerville is killed . His heir Sir Henry Baskerville has to live in the old Baskerville home . There is a legend of the Baskerville hound that kills all the Baskervilles who go to the moor . The conflict is resolved when the hound gets shot by Sherlock Holmes . The owner is never seen again . He might have been killed and lost in the moor.Emily Graham from `` On the Street Where You Live '' is a lot like Sherlock Holmes . They are both very smart and are determined to find the truth . They are different because Sherlock Holmes is a real detective and does this a lot but Emily only did it once because she was involved in it . I think these characters would get along well . I think they would help each other by offering new suggestions and good ideas to one another.This book is marvelous . It ties all different genres into one good book . I would recommend this to everyone wanting a good mystery book . Sir Arthur Conan Doyle is an amazing writer and this may be his best book ever . This book has a mysterious legend , Sherlock Holmes and a lot of action.I would recommend this book to some people . This book has some exciting moments but not a whole lot . This is a descriptive book and is a little hard to read . I think scholarly people would enjoy reading this book because it is a difficult book and is descriptive and well written . This book is n't the best book I have read but it is not the worst.A theme from this book that could help to everyday life is that sometimes weird things occur and you ca n't trust everyone . In the book there is a killing hound and the owner is one of the friends . This helps in everyday life because sometimes things that do n't happen sometimes do happen . Also this shows that not everybody can be trusted . Sometimes you can trust people but sometimes you ca n't .
 I love mysteries and this is my favorite Sherlock Holmes story . The Baskerville family has been haunted for generations by a legendary hound of the moors . The evil deeds of one of their ancestors -LRB- and their guilty feelings about his actions -RRB- brought this hound into their family history in the form of a curse.Sir Charles Baskerville , master of the estate has recently died , apparently of a heart attack . There 's no reason to suspect foul play but the doctor investigating the death scene found the tracks of a gigantic hound near his body and speculates that with Sir Charles ' bad heart , he may have been frightened to death.The estate now passes to next of kin , Sir Henry Baskerville and the question arises whether he will be safe from the ghost hound from Hell who haunts his family . And who would inherit the estate , if he should die ? To add to the superstitious feelings , residents of Dartmoor have recently reported hearing the howling of a hound across the moors at night.Undoubtedly , Sherlock Holmes will be able to find a logical explanation for this mystery . But in maddening fashion , he refuses to travel to Baskerville hall , sending Dr. John Watson in his place . Holmes will be investigating in his own ways but he keeps his plans secret . Watson soon finds himself walking the shadowy , dark and haunted moorlands of the Baskervilles where he will eventually come face to face with the beast of Dartmoor.Interestingly , this story may be loosely based upon a legend which does exist about a dark beast which prowls the land of Dartmoor . However , the Baskerville family and their family curse are entirely fictitious .
 This was my first time to have read Sherlock Holmes . It was required for my English class and I was skeptical as I usually do n't like books that are that old . I was pleasantly surprised when this book thoroughly engaged me .
 Who in the world has never heard of Sherlock Holmes ? From the time I was young I knew the name . I was a lover of mystery novels from the time I received my first Nancy Drew book . The thing was I never felt the need to pick up an actual book with Sherlock Holmes . Never felt a need to watch any old Sherlock Holmes movies or TV . That being said I saw reviews for the BBC/PBS series Sherlock and was instantly in love . The series has been amazing . It has brought my to read my first classic Sherlock Holmes book . Just was the foreword in this rendition by Benedict Cumberbatch said I was not disappointed . I was happy for my kindle dictionary as some old English words I believed I knew the meaning , but was happy for confirmation.I really can not say enough . I really wish that this had been required reading when I was in school . It was so much better then half the stuff that was required .
 This might be the first title you think of when Sherlock Holmes comes to mind - and with good reason . It 's one of the longer Holmes stories , but also one of the most elaborate giving plenty of opportunity for Holmes to work his deductive magic . Should be familiar to everyone in the English-speaking world . -- wiredweird
 Hola , publicaci&oacute;n sencilla de letras peque & ntilde ; as para alguien joven . El precio y el producto son muy bueno , la fecha de entrega fue excelente muy cumplidore , realmente aprecio la eficiencia .
 Great story read a second time . Very descriptive classic . I recommended it for the young reader and old enthusiast . Favorite .
 I usually do n't read too many mystery books but this story was very thought provoking . I always like how they tie up the loose ends of the plot in the end so there is n't a cliffhanger . This is truly a classic .
 I have the Kindle software on several of my computers , but this is the first volume that I read on my new Kindle Fire . It was a good choice . I 'm not certain how many times I have read &#8220; The Hounds of the Baskervilles , &#8220; but it is more than a couple , and this was as pleasurable as any . The price was right too . So , if you like Holmes , this is great read .
 The Hound of the Baskervilles , by A. Conan DoyleSherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson discuss what can be deduced from a walking stick left behind by a visitor . When the visitor returns he tells of the old legend about the hound of the Baskerville family , and how Sir Charles Baskerville died recently . Dr. James Mortimer found the footprints of a gigantic hound twenty yards from the body ! There have been sightings of a huge hound on the moors at night . A new heir , Sir Henry Baskerville , arrives from Canada to take over the Baskerville property ; he is the last of the line . Will he meet the same evil fate ? Holmes makes an appointment to meet Sir Henry the next day . Holmes peers over the Ordnance map of that area . Has any crime been committed -LRB- Chapter 3 -RRB- ? Sir Henry tells of a warning letter sent to his hotel ; who knew he was there ? Why would anyone steal just one of his new boots ? Would anyone follow Sir Henry ? Dr. Watson will accompany Sir Henry back to Baskerville Hall ; there is less danger in a small village than in London . Dr. Watson must keep his revolver near and never relax his precautions -LRB- Chapter 6 -RRB- . The moor country is described as wild and sparsely settled . Dr. Watson reports his observations of the people who meet with Sir Henry . Watson sees the dangers of the great Grimpen Mire when a pony is caught in a bog and killed . There are stone huts from prehistoric man . Watson meets Stapleton the naturalist and then his beautiful sister -LRB- who tells him to go back to London -RRB- . Stapleton had once been a schoolmaster -LRB- Chapter 7 -RRB- . Watson sends letters to Holmes in London -LRB- Chapter 8 -RRB- . Mr. Frankland has a passion for litigation . He also observes the country with a telescope on his roof . Why was Stapleton so angry -LRB- Chapter 9 -RRB- ? What was the secret of the Barrymores ? Watson meets Laura Lyons and hears her secret story -LRB- Chapter 11 -RRB- . What did she hold back ? Mr. Frankland observed the stone huts . Then Watson hears a terrible scream from the moor -LRB- Chapter 12 -RRB- . Holmes has the solution to a cold-blooded murder , but lacked definitive proof . Holmes studied the portrait of the wicked Sir Hugo . Then plans are made for the night 's activities . Will an unexpected fog create a complication ? Holmes , Watson , and Lestrade rescue Sir Henry from a murderous fate . The villain escaped to a hiding place on the moor , but justice was n't cheated . Chapter 15 ties up the loose ends.This may be the most popular of Doyle 's four Holmes novels . It does not involve a religion , a company town , or imperial looting . Did Doyle implicitly criticize a hereditary aristocracy that passed down evils to each generation ? The character traits of the villain seem like those in true crime stories . Inheritance through murder has inspired other stories -LRB- `` The List of Adrian Messenger '' -RRB- . There is one flaw in this story . How could the purchase of food for a giant hound be kept secret ? Sherlock Holmes could question the grocers and butchers in the area to find the owner of that giant hound .
 There 's very little to say about Doyle or Holmes that has n't yet been said . The books are classic detective stories that are worth a look from anyone who has even the slightest appreciation for the classics .
 `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a unique story in the Sherlock Holmes canon -- author Arthur Conan Doyle wrote it in the years between Holmes ' death and his resurrection several years later.But due to public pressure , Doyle brought Holmes and Watson back temporarily for a sort of `` memoir '' tale , a tale of supernatural curses , escaped convicts and ghastly glowing hounds . It suffers a little from a lack of Holmes , but is otherwise a tightly-written , solid little mystery.Sir Charles Baskerville was found dead of a heart attack -- apparently killed by a family curse in the shape of a giant dog . So his pal Dr. Mortimer asks Sherlock Holmes to protect Charles ' heir , Henry Baskerville , who has just arrived in England to claim his estate and inheritance.But even without Holmes , Watson can tell that something is up -- secretive servants , peculiar neighbors , an escaped criminal , a giant quicksand marsh , and the sounds of a dog howling in the night . But Holmes knows that the curse is no supernatural hound -- and that Sir Henry is in danger from a more real kind of ancient enemy . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' stumbles in one area -- the relative lack of Holmes . He 's out of the picture for most of the book , and Watson does plenty of solid detecting on his own . Everybody loves the faithful narrator , but Watson is n't the Great Detective , and the book feels vaguely incomplete without Holmes inspecting clues and giving little hints to Watson.The mystery unfolds at a languid pace , dropping a few red herrings along the way . Doyle pays loving attention to the dangerous , almost surreal Grimpen Mire and the surrounding countryside . But when Holmes comes back onto the scene , the book tightens itself up . All the plot threads rapidly slip into place as the real `` hound '' is uncovered.Holmes ' steel-trap mind is untarnished here , especially when he reveals what he figured out at the end . He 's especially likable in an endearing scene at the beginning , where he educates Watson on deduction . But this is Watson 's turn to shine , since he spends a long time gathering clues and even solving a sub-mystery without any assistance . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a short , satisfying Holmesian mystery , which is only hampered by Holmes ' absence for about half the book . Solid work , and a good introduction to the Holmes series .
 If you like action , suspense , and an ever moving plot , The Hound of the Baskervilles is the book for you ! This book , which was magnificently crafted , is written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle . The Hound of the Baskervilles is about Sherlock Holmes and his trusted sidekick Watson . They set out to investigate the death of Sir Charles and to make sure that Sir Henry 's life is not in danger . Along the way , they must combat a blood thirsty hound and an elusive foe . This book is a must read ! My reading was greatly enhanced by the Paces PAideia study guide . It helped me understand and really think about this literature masterpiece .
 I would have NEVER picked up Sherlock Holmes on my own ! I 'm so glad my English teacher assigned this to read -LRB- I wrote my paper on the male only space Doyle created , not megatively or anything -RRB- . The book was pretty creepy at times , shocking ! I was never bored , but then again it was so short . I loved the legend of the hound mystery and all of Holmes ' deductions to solve the crime . Good times .
 Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson discuss what can be deduced from a walking stick left behind by a visitor . When the visitor returns he tells of the old legend about the hound of the Baskerville family , and how Sir Charles Baskerville died recently . Dr. James Mortimer found the footprints of a gigantic hound twenty yards from the body ! There have been sightings of a huge hound on the moors at night . A new heir , Sir Henry Baskerville , arrives from Canada to take over the Baskerville property ; he is the last of the line . Will he meet the same evil fate ? Holmes makes an appointment to meet Sir Henry the next day . Holmes peers over the Ordnance map of that area . Has any crime been committed -LRB- Chapter 3 -RRB- ? Sir Henry tells of a warning letter sent to his hotel ; who knew he was there ? Why would anyone steal just one of his new boots ? Would anyone follow Sir Henry ? Dr. Watson will accompany Sir Henry back to Baskerville Hall ; there is less danger in a small village than in London . Dr. Watson must keep his revolver near and never relax his precautions -LRB- Chapter 6 -RRB- . The moor country is described as wild and sparsely settled . Dr. Watson reports his observations of the people who meet with Sir Henry . Watson sees the dangers of the great Grimpen Mire when a pony is caught in a bog and killed . There are stone huts from prehistoric man . Watson meets Stapleton the naturalist and then his beautiful sister -LRB- who tells him to go back to London -RRB- . Stapleton had once been a schoolmaster -LRB- Chapter 7 -RRB- . Watson sends letters to Holmes in London -LRB- Chapter 8 -RRB- . Mr. Frankland has a passion for litigation . He also observes the country with a telescope on his roof . Why was Stapleton so angry -LRB- Chapter 9 -RRB- ? What was the secret of the Barrymores ? Watson meets Laura Lyons and hears her secret story -LRB- Chapter 11 -RRB- . What did she hold back ? Mr. Frankland observed the stone huts . Then Watson hears a terrible scream from the moor -LRB- Chapter 12 -RRB- . Holmes has the solution to a cold-blooded murder , but lacked definitive proof . Holmes studied the portrait of the wicked Sir Hugo . Then plans are made for the night 's activities . Will an unexpected fog create a complication ? Holmes , Watson , and Lestrade rescue Sir Henry from a murderous fate . The villain escaped to a hiding place on the moor , but justice was n't cheated . Chapter 15 ties up the loose ends.This may be the most popular of Doyle 's four Holmes novels . It does not involve a religion , a company town , or imperial looting . Did Doyle implicitly criticize a hereditary aristocracy that passed down evils to each generation ? The character traits of the villain seem like those in true crime stories . Inheritance through murder has inspired other stories -LRB- `` The List of Adrian Messenger '' -RRB- . There is one flaw in this story . How could the purchase of food for a giant hound be kept secret ? Sherlock Holmes could question the grocers and butchers in the area to find the owner of that giant hound .
 The Hound of the Baskervilles was assigned as a high school summer reading selection . We ordered the book on CD , which made the assignment somewhat entertaining and more easily accomplished given the length and tone of the book . The book itself is , of course , a `` classic '' Sherlock Holmes murder mystery . However , by todays standards , the mystery is rather tame and , in my opinion , the writing style is cumbersome for young people . The CD is delightfuly read/performed and I highly recommend the CD vs. the written text .
 I have lost track of how many times I have read this , or how many different adaptations I have watched , or listened to . I still enjoy it every single time . A true classic . Suspense , horror and sneakiness abound , particularly between the major characters . What is going on ? It keeps you captivated all along , should not be too many people that do n't like this . Large black ghost hounds , your Jane Austen type gentlemen in trouble , dodgy locals , and the brilliance of Holmes .
 this was one of shelocks best books . this book was suspenceful , exicting , mysterious and shocking . in this book all kind of things happen , i mean think about it ok , your in 1814 and your dad has been atacked by a `` hell hound '' so you think his son has just enherited his mancion and his money . she he calls sherlock holmes to find out what happend to his father , and as he gets to start looking around the place he finds that the father had another son but did not knew about it . this son was even living on the property , and this son was the killer becuse he whanted to have the manchion . the conflict is great , we have person vs.person , person vs.nature , person vs.animal . this was a great book just to read , allways had surprises and suspence , it was a great mystery.it was a great thing to see that the hound was only a starved animal .
 `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a unique story in the Sherlock Holmes canon -- author Arthur Conan Doyle wrote it in the years between Holmes ' death and his resurrection several years later.But due to public pressure , Doyle brought Holmes and Watson back temporarily for a sort of `` memoir '' tale , a tale of supernatural curses , escaped convicts and ghastly glowing hounds . It suffers a little from a lack of Holmes , but is otherwise a tightly-written , solid little mystery.Sir Charles Baskerville was found dead of a heart attack -- apparently killed by a family curse in the shape of a giant dog . So his pal Dr. Mortimer asks Sherlock Holmes to protect Charles ' heir , Henry Baskerville , who has just arrived in England to claim his estate and inheritance.But even without Holmes , Watson can tell that something is up -- secretive servants , peculiar neighbors , an escaped criminal , a giant quicksand marsh , and the sounds of a dog howling in the night . But Holmes knows that the curse is no supernatural hound -- and that Sir Henry is in danger from a more real kind of ancient enemy . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' stumbles in one area -- the relative lack of Holmes . He 's out of the picture for most of the book , and Watson does plenty of solid detecting on his own . Everybody loves the faithful narrator , but Watson is n't the Great Detective , and the book feels vaguely incomplete without Holmes inspecting clues and giving little hints to Watson.The mystery unfolds at a languid pace , dropping a few red herrings along the way . Doyle pays loving attention to the dangerous , almost surreal Grimpen Mire and the surrounding countryside . But when Holmes comes back onto the scene , the book tightens itself up . All the plot threads rapidly slip into place as the real `` hound '' is uncovered.Holmes ' steel-trap mind is untarnished here , especially when he reveals what he figured out at the end . He 's especially likable in an endearing scene at the beginning , where he educates Watson on deduction . But this is Watson 's turn to shine , since he spends a long time gathering clues and even solving a sub-mystery without any assistance . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a short , satisfying Holmesian mystery , which is only hampered by Holmes ' absence for about half the book . Solid work , and a good introduction to the Holmes series .
 Ah , to settle in with Hound of the Baskervilles was pure delight . I had read this many years ago in an almost obsessive pursuit of reading all things Sherlock Holmes and have only recently taken up my obsession again with the wonderful series by Laurie R. King featuring Sherlock Holmes and Mary Russell . I digress , back to Hound of the Baskervilles . One of the best mysteries in the series . What more could you ask for ? A spookylegend about a gruesome phantom dog , murder most foul , the English moor and an ancient creepy mansion . In this story , Dr. Watson has never been more delightful as Holmes ' foil and confidant . The mystery evolves to an exiting climax which leaves the reader fufilled but wanting to get their hands on the next Holmes case . Well done !
 Secrecy , threats , legends , mystery , and murder are all Sherlock Holmes 's specialities . Alongwith his loyal assistant , Dr. Watson , Holmes tries to solve one of the most complex mysteries in his life . At his home on Baker Street , Holmes is visited by the mysterious anthropologist , Dr. Mortimer , who is disturbingly interested in people 's skulls . Mortimer comes to homes on the occasion of amurder of Sir Charles Baskervilles , of the Baskerville family , one in which all males are to suffer apainful death of the Hound of the Baskervilles , one that been around for over two hundred years.Mortimer also comes to Holmes asking what to do Sir Henry Baskerville , an American heir to thehome . Soon in the novel , Holmes meets Sir Henry . On a walk down a street in London , Holmesnotices that a horse-drawn taxi is stalking Sir Henry Baskerville and Dr. Mortimer , and rushes to it , only before speeding away , giving a glimpse of man with a beard . While looking at their first clues , Holmes and Dr. Watson notice that Sir Henry is boiling mad in his hotel , because someone stoleone of his brand new boots . Not only that , he gets a threat letter , telling the young man to notventure out onto the moor , where Baskerville Hall is . His boot is soon switched with one of his oldones . After this baffling clue , Holmes sends Dr. Watson to Baskerville Hall along with Sir Henry.But on the trip , they 're not alone , because there is an escaped convict named Selden on the loose.At the hall , Watson and Sir Henry are introduced to Mr. and Mrs. Barrymore , former servants of SirCharles . After this , Watson is introduced to the neighbors of Baskerville Hall
 This is the most famous of the four full length novels written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle . This novel deals with the horrifying legend of a demon dog that destroys the lives of members of the Baskerville family.Sherlock Holmes and Watson go to the Baskerville estate to check into the legend and also to protect their client Henry Baskerville . Watson does more detective work in this novel than the other ones which is a nice twist.This is a good mystery and is easier to follow than the others written by Mr. Doyle . You should enjoy this engaging classic .
 Timson is an able interpreter of these beloved tales . Each character has individuality and the overall tone is faithful to Conan Doyle . The musical interludes are used sparingly and effectivley lending a heightened sense of atmosphere . Naxos is to be commended for putting the entire Holmes canon before an admiring public in these fine new editions .
 Hound of the Baskervilles is read with great excitement by David Ian Davies . He is a master at making the story come alive . The only bad thing about this CD is that once you start listening to it you cant stop.Great ! Well done !
 When I began the book , I thought it would be slow going because it was written about 100 years ago . I was SO wrong ! I finished the book in a period of less than 24 hours !!! This is an absolutely fabulous book ! Doyle 's use of language is masterful , and you are swept away to the moor with its swamps , jagged cliffs , and massive hills . I can honestly say I was quite spooked as I was reading some of it at night!Since this is the first novel I have ever read by Doyle , I did n't know what to expect . But the twists in the plot and the constant itching to know what was going to happen next had me hooked!I watched the 1959 movie after reading this , and I have to say it was a disgrace . I do n't know if I would be happy seeing any of the versions , only because I do n't know if any of them could even compare to the rich world and language used by Doyle to transport you to Devonshire !! But of course , the book is always better than the movie . : -RRB-
 With echoes of Edgar Allan Poe , this 1902 novel continues to delight mystery-lovers . Elegantly written in formal prose , the story focuses on the moor surrounding the ancestral home of the Baskervilles , which an American , Sir Henry Baskerville , has just inherited upon the mysterious death of his uncle Charles . The moor is so treacherous that no one dares venture upon it at night -- one step off the path , and the mire will swallow the unfortunate victim.Family legend says that a sadistic Baskerville from the eighteenth century once loosed a huge and ferocious dog in pursuit of a young woman who had escaped his clutches , and that she had died of fright when she heard the dog panting behind her on the moor . The lecherous Baskerville , following the dog closely , had had his throat torn out by this `` dog from hell . '' The ghostly dog can still be heard howling on the moors , and many believe it was the dog which caused the elderly Sir Charles Baskerville to have his fatal heart attack.In classically Gothic style , the novel features mysterious cries from the moor , foggy nights , an escaped prisoner , signals by candlelight , a butler who knows more than he says , a beautiful woman with a mysterious past , a small boy who carries messages , and someone who spies on the dark and isolated Baskerville Hall . Sherlock Holmes plays a lesser role in this story than he does in most others , remaining in London while Dr. Watson accompanies Sir Henry to his estate as an observer and protector.Holmes , of course , is operating behind the scenes , learning about the activities at Baskerville Hall through the daily accounts which Watson sends him -LRB- and which reveal much of the action to the reader -RRB- . By no means the bumbling character which films have portrayed , Watson offers sensible advice to Sir Henry and shows a keen eye for details of interest to Holmes.Though the prose is often `` purple '' with melodrama and overwrought description , this contributes to the fun of the novel , providing a dramatic counterweight to the extreme logic of Sherlock Holmes , whose late appearance in the novel comes as a carefully timed surprise . The story is intriguing , the mysteries are well developed , the atmosphere is suitably spooky , and the resolution , though not really surprising , is appropriate . Even if the story had not been made into a memorable film with Basil Rathbone , The Hound of the Baskervilles would still be justly famous as Conan Doyle 's best developed mystery , a genuine classic of the genre . Mary Whipple
 Familiar with his stories for years , I finally decided to buckle down and read one of Arthur Conan Doyle 's stories of Sherlock Holmes , and `` The Hound of the Baskervilles , '' the most famous of the novels , was the one I decided to pick up . To my surprise , I tore through it . It was a simple read , yet a complicated and satisfying mystery.As with all the Holmes stories , his assistant Dr. Watson is charged with telling the tale of the bloody Baskerville curse . Sir Charles Baskerville , who was the charge of the family estate , has recently been gored to death by some sort of animal , and Sir Henry , the new heir to the household and the family fortune , fears that the mythic curse of a hellhound stalking the family grounds is true.A strange twist occurs in this investigation , though , for it 's not Holmes who goes to investigate the house . It 's Watson , who studies the suspicious neighbors and staff , keeps close watch over Sir Henry and begins to notice that some very odd things are lurking about the moor.Is the curse behind this killing , or is it a villain of flesh and blood?The lead characters are defined well , and , though this is my first Holmes story , I understood the basics and the rhythm almost immediately . The narrative structure that Doyle is famous for is , as expected , charming , and the characters are well-defined . The mystery is properly twisted , and I did n't really guess the middle or the ending.The best twist , to me , was n't the reveal of any villain or method . It was the twist involving the shadowy figure on the moor . I did n't see it coming at all , and , when I read it , I realized that this old novel still had the narrative tools to surprise me.It 's a classic for a reason .
 There are very few iconic characters in fiction , but Sherlock Holmes may very well be the most iconic of all . The mere mention of his name , even to those who 've never seen a Holmes movie or read a Holmes book , is enough to evoke an image of the detective -LRB- most likely looking like Basil Rathbone , or more recently Robert Downey , Jr. -RRB- . Part of being an iconic character is he will transcend the work itself . Like James Bond , another iconic character , the author or actor almost do n't matter ; if a particular story fails , it is the writer 's fault , not the character 's . The Hound of the Baskervilles is probably the most famous Holmes story , and though I 'd seen a couple movie versions -LRB- one with Rathbone , one with Peter Cushing as Holmes -RRB- , I 'd never read the novel previously . The tale focuses on the supposedly cursed family of the Baskervilles . The family is wealthy enough , but tragedy and a mysterious monstrous dog fit into the Baskerville legend , a curse brought upon them for the actions of the vile Hugo Baskerville.After one more Baskerville is killed by the dog -LRB- or at least scared to death by it -RRB- , Holmes and Watson are called in to protect the last Baskerville heir . The completely practical Holmes refuses to believe in a supernatural explanation and will eventually find the much more mundane solution.As with most Holmes stories , the pleasure is in seeing Holmes in action . But a little Holmes goes a long way , so Arthur Conan Doyle limits his presence in the story to maybe a third of the book . If you read enough Holmes stories , the formulas Doyle uses become apparent , and they 're in this tale too . Nonetheless , this makes for either a nice introduction to Holmes , or for seasoned readers of earlier novels and short stories , one of Doyle 's better efforts .
 Warning ! Once this book opens , its reader may be unable to set it down . The Hound of the Baskervilles is an irresistible adventure . This thrilling Sherlock Holmes mystery pulls the reader into tracing the steps of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson as they question suspects and discovers clues . As a teenager , I have enjoyed the short story adventures of Sherlock Holmes , but this full length novel was so much better . The PACES PAideia Study Guide proved extremely helpful in thoroughly comprehending each aspect of the book . The Character Chart , located in the Study Guide , enabled me to track the suspects and compile information I gathered on each . The thought provoking Journal Questions helped me organize my thoughts about the story on paper and keep up with the plot . The Study Guide 's Parent Questions also assisted me in digging deeper into the novel and discussing key points with my parents . My favorite part about this mysterious tale is that , for the most part , it is unpredictable . Numerous red herrings arise throughout the story , forcing the reader to decipher the truth . Even when the verdict is revealed , the reader is left with many questions to ponder . Thus , the reader ultimately becomes the detective right along with Holmes and Watson . Again , warning ! Once this book is opened , its reader will be unable to close it until the end .
 Perhaps the best known , most adapted , and -LRB- bowlerized -RRB- of the Conan Doyle Sherlock Holmes stories , this one has it all , and this edition does it justice . You just can not put it down and it has everything
 This is Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's best-known Sherlock Holmes mystery and , for many , his very best . what I like best about this new edition is that it is set in modern form
 `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a unique story in the Sherlock Holmes canon -- author Arthur Conan Doyle wrote it in the years between Holmes ' death and his resurrection several years later.But due to public pressure , Doyle brought Holmes and Watson back temporarily for a sort of `` memoir '' tale , a tale of supernatural curses , escaped convicts and ghastly glowing hounds . It suffers a little from a lack of Holmes , but is otherwise a tightly-written , solid little mystery.Sir Charles Baskerville was found dead of a heart attack -- apparently killed by a family curse in the shape of a giant dog . So his pal Dr. Mortimer asks Sherlock Holmes to protect Charles ' heir , Henry Baskerville , who has just arrived in England to claim his estate and inheritance.But even without Holmes , Watson can tell that something is up -- secretive servants , peculiar neighbors , an escaped criminal , a giant quicksand marsh , and the sounds of a dog howling in the night . But Holmes knows that the curse is no supernatural hound -- and that Sir Henry is in danger from a more real kind of ancient enemy . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' stumbles in one area -- the relative lack of Holmes . He 's out of the picture for most of the book , and Watson does plenty of solid detecting on his own . Everybody loves the faithful narrator , but Watson is n't the Great Detective , and the book feels vaguely incomplete without Holmes inspecting clues and giving little hints to Watson.The mystery unfolds at a languid pace , dropping a few red herrings along the way . Doyle pays loving attention to the dangerous , almost surreal Grimpen Mire and the surrounding countryside . But when Holmes comes back onto the scene , the book tightens itself up . All the plot threads rapidly slip into place as the real `` hound '' is uncovered.Holmes ' steel-trap mind is untarnished here , especially when he reveals what he figured out at the end . He 's especially likable in an endearing scene at the beginning , where he educates Watson on deduction . But this is Watson 's turn to shine , since he spends a long time gathering clues and even solving a sub-mystery without any assistance . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a short , satisfying Holmesian mystery , which is only hampered by Holmes ' absence for about half the book . Solid work , and a good introduction to the Holmes series .
 I 'm not a big fan of Sherlock Holmes , but I really enjoyed this one ! It was a different style , easier to read and follow .
 Sherlock Holmes made his debut in `` A Study in Scarlet '' , a novella first published in 1887 . He and his sidekick , Doctor John H Watson , appeared in over fifty mysteries together . `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' is probably the pair 's most famous case , and was inspired by a legend about a ghostly hound that haunted Dartmoor . The story was first serialised in the Strand Magazine , with the final instalment appearing in 1902 - and the complete book first appearing that same year.Although Holmes will be seen as the book 's hero , it 's Watson who tells the story . The pair 's involvement with case begins with a visit from Dr James Mortimer - although , initially , he has stopped by only for a little advice . Mortimer has travelled up to London from his home on the edge of Dartmoor . Sir Charles Baskerville , an elderly neighbour of Mortimer 's , has recently died and the doctor is in town to meet his successor . However , thanks to a family legend , the details of the death have the whole community panicking . Back in the 1700s , the man who ruled Baskerville Hall - Sir Hugo - was anything but a virtuous man . Having kidnapped the daughter of a neighbouring yeoman - she would n't come willingly - he was n't at all pleased when she later escaped and fled across the moors . In true Monty Burns style , he pledges himself to all that was unholy , unleashes the hounds and sets out after her . Unfortunately , things do n't quite go according to plan . While a huge ghostly hound joins the hunt and the girl dies of fear and exhaustion , Sir Hugo also dies and the hound feasts on his throat . Holmes , of course , views this as little more than a fairy tale . However , those who live close to Baskerville Hall are worried that the curse of the Baskervilles has returned . Several have seen a huge black hound on the moors , `` luminous , ghastly and spectral '' , while Mortimer himself discovered massive paw-prints close to where Sir Charles ' body was found . Unlike Hugo , Sir Charles was very highly thought of by all those who knew him . Dr Mortimer is naturally very concerned for Sir Charles ' nephew and heir . Sir Henry , the last surviving Baskerville , will very shortly be arriving in London from Canada.Naturally , the bad news keeps coming for Sir Henry . He has barely arrived in London when he receives a mysterious letter warning him to keep away from Baskerville Hall , there 's a mysterious bearded man is following his every move , an escaped killer is living rough on the moors and -LRB- strangely -RRB- someone keeps stealing his boots . Not to be put off , Sir Henry decides to return to the ancestral home - though not without Watson . Holmes , initially , is unable to join them - there are a few cases in London needing his immediate attention . However , he does issue Watson with some very clear instructions on how to proceed.A short and easy read ... though not quite as scary or as dramatic as I 'd imagined . I 'd put this partly down to the ` old fashioned ' writing - while it was probably pacey stuff at the time it was written , it 's a little stiff and formal by today 's standards . I was also a little disappointed with Holmes
 When I glanced at this book , I thought it would be a typical story , but as soon as I read into it , I was pleasantly surprised how adventurous and quite grusome it was . This is because there is a wild hound-like beast on the loose which is trying to kill the Baskerville family . Has the creature already attacked ? Is it a regular hound or a ferocious beast ? Well , I 'm certainly not going to tell you ! You will have to find out yourself!Since Hound of the Baskervilles is about a murderous case , I would not recommend the story for children under 10 . I say this because of the descriptive words Arthur C. Doyle used in the book.Although I really enjoyed reading this tale , I found that it was a bit confusing at times and hard to keep up with . But something that helped me tremendously was the PACES PAideia Hound of the Baskervilles study guide . This helpful study guide features
 When I glanced at this book , I thought it would be a typical story , but as soon as I read into it , I was pleasantly surprised how adventurous and quite grusome it was . This is because there is a wild hound-like beast on the loose which is trying to kill the Baskerville family . Has the creature already attacked ? Is it a regular hound or a ferocious beast ? Well , I 'm certainly not going to tell you ! You will have to find out yourself!Since Hound of the Baskervilles is about a murderous case , I would not recommend the story for children under 10 . I say this because of the descriptive words Arthur C. Doyle used in the book.Although I really enjoyed reading this tale , I found that it was a bit confusing at times and hard to keep up with . But something that helped me tremendously was the PACES PAideia Hound of the Baskervilles study guide . This helpful study guide features
 I was totally into this book , turning page after page to unravel the very clever mystery . I do n't give plot `` spoilers '' , so generally this is about how Sherlock Holmes investigates a most unusual mystery involving an interesting `` family myth '' centering around how a cursed dog stalks and kills them . There are a few plot twists that I did n't see coming , and I was very happy with the book as a whole , it never gets boring , and the characters are very well developed , and will at times keep you guessing . The deductive reasoning of Sherlock Holmes is very rewarding to read , and puts a smile on the readers face . I recommend this one if you want to try out Doyle , or read a mystery novel .
 I really like this story very much . After this reading , I even tried to think how the author constructed his plot , how he could make his plot function so well.After thinking for a long time , I admit that I can not make such a beautiful plot without flaws .
 `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' was my first expedition into the world of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and Sherlock Holmes , and I greatly enjoyed the experience . As I have no means of comparison , I am not sure whether the style of the novel is consistent or singular in terms of Sherlock Holmes novels and stories , but I was delighted by the narration provided by Dr. Watson . As a narrator , he was faithful and consistent , and Doyle skillfully manipulates the character to both gain the reader 's confidence and sense of security , while keeping many important facts close to his chest . Holmes , on the other hand , was detestable . From his very first introduction I felt repulsed by the character . For that reason , I am glad that the narrator was Watson and not the infamous detective himself . In the end , he played a relatively minor role , and the novel itself is very enjoyable .
 I had not read anything by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle since my high school days , some 35 yrs ago . I remember it being quite droll and boring . However , as I get older , perhaps I 'm better able to appreciate this style . I was pleasantly surprised at how enthralled I became once I started reading this story . He describes Baskerville Hall and the surrounding moor with great detail , creating an eerie and suspenseful setting . The story also moves along at a decent pace , with many tidbits of information at every turn . The wide range of characters , each with their own secrets , or at least suspicious behavior , make for an interesting roster of suspects and possible motives . As with many mysteries of this sort , reading Holmes thought process as he reiterates the clues and ties them all together is always fascinating . Highly recommended reading .
 I bought this for my daughters literature class . Although not a book she would pick on her own , she took to this classic right away . Sherlock Holmes is one of those protagonists that will captivate readers forever .
 I 've seen many Sherlock Holmes movies over the years , with a few of them based on this book . I did a quick look online and found that there have been at least 24 film adapations of this novel . I thoroughly enjoyed the book and plan on reading many other of Doyle 's novels about Sherlock Holmes . Highly recommended .
 My grandaughter needed this book for school . Instead of trying to find one in the book stores , I had her download it on her Kindle . Fast , easy and it made me look good to my grandaughter . The purchase was a bargain at $ 0.99 . She reviewed the book , got an A on the assignment and all is well in Houston ... Buy a Kindle ... download book assignments and be a hero to your family.m
 Hound of the BaskervillesI loved this book . It was interesting , exciting , and challenging . I love books with big vocabulary because I can use those words in vocabulary . What I liked the most is how cheap it is , $ 0.99 amazing !
 A hugely enjoyable book , impossible to put down . To paraphrase the writer Paul O'Neill , Arthur Conan Doyle grabs the reader by the throat in the first paragraph , sends his thumbs into his windpipe in the second , and holds him against the wall till the thrilling , dramatic end . A tour de force .
 Anything to do with Sherlock Holmes and Benedict Cumberbatch has to be good ! And the two together is exquisite ! Thank you BBC !
 This was the last one I needed to finish the whole set . Now I have all fifteen books in this series . It 's great !
 `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a unique story in the Sherlock Holmes canon -- author Arthur Conan Doyle wrote it in the years between Holmes ' death and his resurrection several years later.But due to public pressure , Doyle brought Holmes and Watson back temporarily for a sort of `` memoir '' tale , a tale of supernatural curses , escaped convicts and ghastly glowing hounds . It suffers a little from a lack of Holmes , but is otherwise a tightly-written , solid little mystery.Sir Charles Baskerville was found dead of a heart attack -- apparently killed by a family curse in the shape of a giant dog . So his pal Dr. Mortimer asks Sherlock Holmes to protect Charles ' heir , Henry Baskerville , who has just arrived in England to claim his estate and inheritance.But even without Holmes , Watson can tell that something is up -- secretive servants , peculiar neighbors , an escaped criminal , a giant quicksand marsh , and the sounds of a dog howling in the night . But Holmes knows that the curse is no supernatural hound -- and that Sir Henry is in danger from a more real kind of ancient enemy . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' stumbles in one area -- the relative lack of Holmes . He 's out of the picture for most of the book , and Watson does plenty of solid detecting on his own . Everybody loves the faithful narrator , but Watson is n't the Great Detective , and the book feels vaguely incomplete without Holmes inspecting clues and giving little hints to Watson.The mystery unfolds at a languid pace , dropping a few red herrings along the way . Doyle pays loving attention to the dangerous , almost surreal Grimpen Mire and the surrounding countryside . But when Holmes comes back onto the scene , the book tightens itself up . All the plot threads rapidly slip into place as the real `` hound '' is uncovered.Holmes ' steel-trap mind is untarnished here , especially when he reveals what he figured out at the end . He 's especially likable in an endearing scene at the beginning , where he educates Watson on deduction . But this is Watson 's turn to shine , since he spends a long time gathering clues and even solving a sub-mystery without any assistance . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a short , satisfying Holmesian mystery , which is only hampered by Holmes ' absence for about half the book . Solid work , and a good introduction to the Holmes series .
 very good book . read it for school , but it was definitely worth it to read it . good story line that kept me interested through all the plot twists
 Well , you do n't get much of Holmes in this story , and many folks either neglect to mention that or just do n't notice . I figure they do n't notice because it 's such a darn good read . At first , it 's TALK , TALK , TALK . But the restlessness left me with oncoming chapters and I became engrossed . Read it !
 I 'm new to audio books . But , I 'm afraid I 've already been spoiled . I wonder if there could possibly exist a better combination of author and reader . Holmes sounds just the way you 'd expect the great sleuth to sound . Deliberate , never rushed and always a gentleman.The story is carefully woven and the presentation of the characters by Timson is masterful . I 've listened to it over several times and each time I appreciate a little more the complexity and the detail . The Musical interludes are brief and sparse , but definitely compliment . If you like Sherlock Holmes , Timson is the right reader for the job . I 'm buying the big collection now .
 The best book i have read in a long time ... It portrays complex , and mysterious characters .
 The Hound of the Baskervilles , by A. Conan DoyleSherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson discuss what can be deduced from a walking stick left behind by a visitor . When the visitor returns he tells of the old legend about the hound of the Baskerville family , and how Sir Charles Baskerville died recently . Dr. James Mortimer found the footprints of a gigantic hound twenty yards from the body ! There have been sightings of a huge hound on the moors at night . A new heir , Sir Henry Baskerville , arrives from Canada to take over the Baskerville property ; he is the last of the line . Will he meet the same evil fate ? Holmes makes an appointment to meet Sir Henry the next day . Holmes peers over the Ordnance map of that area . Has any crime been committed -LRB- Chapter 3 -RRB- ? Sir Henry tells of a warning letter sent to his hotel ; who knew he was there ? Why would anyone steal just one of his new boots ? Would anyone follow Sir Henry ? Dr. Watson will accompany Sir Henry back to Baskerville Hall ; there is less danger in a small village than in London . Dr. Watson must keep his revolver near and never relax his precautions -LRB- Chapter 6 -RRB- . The moor country is described as wild and sparsely settled . Dr. Watson reports his observations of the people who meet with Sir Henry . Watson sees the dangers of the great Grimpen Mire when a pony is caught in a bog and killed . There are stone huts from prehistoric man . Watson meets Stapleton the naturalist and then his beautiful sister -LRB- who tells him to go back to London -RRB- . Stapleton had once been a schoolmaster -LRB- Chapter 7 -RRB- . Watson sends letters to Holmes in London -LRB- Chapter 8 -RRB- . Mr. Frankland has a passion for litigation . He also observes the country with a telescope on his roof . Why was Stapleton so angry -LRB- Chapter 9 -RRB- ? What was the secret of the Barrymores ? Watson meets Laura Lyons and hears her secret story -LRB- Chapter 11 -RRB- . What did she hold back ? Mr. Frankland observed the stone huts . Then Watson hears a terrible scream from the moor -LRB- Chapter 12 -RRB- . Holmes has the solution to a cold-blooded murder , but lacked definitive proof . Holmes studied the portrait of the wicked Sir Hugo . Then plans are made for the night 's activities . Will an unexpected fog create a complication ? Holmes , Watson , and Lestrade rescue Sir Henry from a murderous fate . The villain escaped to a hiding place on the moor , but justice was n't cheated . Chapter 15 ties up the loose ends.This may be the most popular of Doyle 's four Holmes novels . It does not involve a religion , a company town , or imperial looting . Did Doyle implicitly criticize a hereditary aristocracy that passed down evils to each generation ? The character traits of the villain seem like those in true crime stories . Inheritance through murder has inspired other stories -LRB- `` The List of Adrian Messenger '' -RRB- . There is one flaw in this story . How could the purchase of food for a giant hound be kept secret ? Sherlock Holmes could question the grocers and butchers in the area to find the owner of that giant hound .
 It was fairly cheap and was received in excellent condition . It is also a great book to add to any one 's collection of classics .
 Personally , I always preferred the Sherlock Holmes short stories , but two the the novels are very good
 The classic tale of Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson investigating the strange goings-on at Baskerville Hall ... and , what 's that howling in the distance ? Is it ... could it be ... THE HOUND ? Read , and find out the answer!Great story , and you ca n't beat Dover 's Thrift Editions price . No frills , but classic selections !
 `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' is my third favorite of the Holmes stories . It was very imaginative and certainly a lot better than the stuff being written today . I would highly recommend it .
 The is the first book i read by Doyle and it is truely amazing . The book has the elements of suprise , intellect , and a great plot . Everything fit into place and worked out so nicely . Holmes is a great character with intelligence and wits .
 WOW ! There is nothing better then sherlock . Sir conan doyle is a genius and this book shows it . Some parts are boring but those parts are only two sentences . I urge you to get the book .
 WOW ! There is nothing better then sherlock . Sir conan doyle is a genius and this book shows it . Some parts are boring but those parts are only two sentences . I urge you to get the book .
 The story was a little uneasy at first , but the action and plot and all that good stuff kicks in . Seems to me , just one of those `` you have to get into the plot sort of books '' I 'd recommend it to all , who would like to get into the Sherlock Holmes universe for the first time ...
 Follow Sherlock Holmes and his trusty colleague , Watson , in one of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's best murder mystery ever , The Hound of the Baskervilles . Watch while Sherlock Holmes uncovers the mysteries of the Baskerville Hall of London.You and Sherlock Holmes get to discover all the clues of Charles Baskerville 's mysterious death and protect Henry Baskerville from being murdered . You listen to stories of the notorious hound . Finally , before its too late , decide who is behind the murder of Charles Baskerville . Was it the baronet , Mr. And Mrs. Stapleton , or was it possibly Laura Lynes ? Find out in the end.Sir Arthur Conan Doyle keeps you in suspense throughout the book . He keeps bringing in more leads to the story . The author also provides an interesting and intriguing topic with a tall tale creature tied in.This book is wonderful and would be best appreciated by all readers 10 and up .
 It 's not easy to come across a detective story that is nearly flawless , i.e. , the criminal 's plan is n't too contrived , the motives are clear , the threads the detective follows to solve the case are not too weak , etc.Watson was sent to guard the potential victim , Sir Henry Baskerville , without Holmes ' company . His absence further underlined the charm of Holmes as the readers would inevitably be constantly and eagerly hoping for his reappearance . Indeed I was overjoyed when Holmes later re-entered the scene . And the dramatic way he appeared again made his savior image all the sharper and stronger.I think the story would definitely make a truly scary , exciting movie , with all the mysterious setting and dramatic moments . I have not seen the movie yet , but I am now trying to get hold of a copy of the tape .
 As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release , I always appreciate the classics of the mystery genre . Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's works are among the best of the genre , and THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES is Doyle 's best novel . Those readers expecting to find in this book the famous Holmes line about the dog that did n't bark will be disappointed . That nonbarking dog is n't here . It 's in one of the Holmes short stories . What we have here is a moody work set among the moors with a strong and obvious Gothic influence upon Doyle by the mystery genre 's founder , Edgar Allan Poe . Holmes and his supporting cast are all in fine form . The plot works , as does the setting and the tone . THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES has endured . It will continue to endure in the future . It is a classic that people actually read .
 this one is a thriller not that much of suspense but still it forces you not to give it up before finishing it .
 Probably the best and definately the most famous of the S. Holmes books , aided perhaps through its Gothic overtones , the book is a quick read and has minimal padding unless one compares it to its Noir antecedents . These factors alone make it worthy of a read . But like other works by Doyle , what may be particularly pleasing and illuminating is the light it sheds on late Victorian sensibilities , particularly in areas which are now deemed to be , to put it delicately , highly charged . Craniometry is evidenced throughout -LRB- this being the study of the shape of the skull to determine the contents within , which will ` of course ' determine the character of the possessor -RRB- . E.g. , upon meeting S. Holmes Dr. Mortimer says , `` I had hardly expected so dolichocephalic a skull or such well-marked supra-orbital development . Would you have any objection to my running my finger along your pariental fissure ? ... I confess that I covet your skull . '' -LRB- I never expected such an exemplary example of early anthropological practice in Doyle -LSB- at the time , anthropologists did n't study the culture of native peoples , they wanted their skulls . Holmes , being interesting , must needs be have an interesting skull -RSB- . -RRB- Likewise the ladder of evolution is applied to races and classes -LRB- blacks , the poor , and criminals are presumed to be closer to animals , etc. , and 'em pirical ' evidence proves this -RRB- . Now I am not faulting C. Doyle for being an avid follower of such theories , despite costs incurred to so-called racial inferiors -LRB- e.g. , paternalism , racism , and the later Holocaust -RRB- , but his books give a wonderful slice of late 19th century sensibilities . Those who are historically minded should find Doyle , and this book in particular , to be of extreme interest . In it one can see racial science applied ` rationally ' and to effect by its practitioners in good faith and innocence.In sum , the book is entertaining , well written , and most famous . It will be of interest to any interested in crime fiction , mysteries , literary history , `` racial-science '' , racism , the history of science , and the history of culture and sensibility . `` The Hound '' is a microcosm of actions and thoughts current at the time of its inception , or better yet if one be as cold-blooded and rational as its protagonist , it is an excellent and entertaining piece of evidence , a Holmesian footprint , that may help explain human history as it travelled to its nadir .
 I am a committed Sherlockian . I prefer to hear Frank Muller read the books . Has anyone listened to this reading ? What do you think ?
 It was a great book . Sometimes hard to understand , but I stayed up till midnight just to finish it !
 i 've read a fair chunk of sherlock holmes 's adventures , and i must say , doyle is at his best when he 's writing short stories . although this book has it 's merits -LRB- it 's still classic doyle about classic sherlock holmes -RRB- it 's too long and does n't pack the punch of his shorter works.to whom i would recommend this book
 I purchased this book for my son for his summer reading assignment and he really enjoyed it !
 One of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's best works in my opinion , a carefully and cleverly crafted thriller , it 'll keep the reader on the edge of his/her seat . A storyline so unpredictable , that one would never trust their instincts . It is so well written , that no matter how many times one reads it , it never seems to age .
 `` The Hound of the Baskervilles `` Written by Sir Arthur Conan DoyleThis story begins when Mr. Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson receive word that Sir Charles Baskerville has died mysteriously . Sir Charles Baskervilles ' nephew , Sir Henry Baskerville , comes to take over his Uncle 's estate and business . He tells Holmes and Watson that Sir Charles ' death is probably due to the family curse . They learn that the family has been cursed by a mysterious and supernatural black dog , `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' . Holmes and Watson travel to Devonshire to get to the bottom of the case . They collect clues and facts about the mysterious things that have happened on the moor which surrounds Baskerville Hall . In the end , the detectives put all the clues and facts together to solve the case.Sherlock Holmes and Dr.Watson are the main characters in the story . Holmes is the famous detective that lives at 221b Baker Street in London . Watson is Holmes ' admiring helper and the story 's narrator . Holmes sends Watson to Devonshire to be his eyes and ears and to collect all the clues and facts of the case . In the end , Holmes tells Watson that he had been in Devonshire the whole time . Watson gets upset that Holmes was just using him and did n't trust him to do a good job . Holmes told Watson that he had received all of the notes that Watson had sent him.The mystery of this story is the suspicious death of Sir Charles Baskerville . Holmes and Watson discover lots of smaller mysteries in Devonshire in addition to the main mystery . The missing boot , the escaped convict , a person walking on the moors at night , a howling dog , and the curse of the Baskervilles are all solved in the end.To solve the mystery , Holmes and Watson talk to people around Devonshire and gathered clues and facts . They get some background information about the Baskerville family from Dr. Mortimer and Sir Henry Baskerville . In the end , the world famous Sherlock Holmes , pieces all the information together and solves the case.In my opinion , the book is really good yet confusing . There are lots of different characters and different locations that make this book hard to understand . I really like how they put the clues together at the end .
 Sir Arthur Conan Doyle has created perhaps the best detective in Sherlock Holmes . `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' is narrated by the faithful Watson , a man of genius not quite on par with that of Holmes , the master mystery solver . Holmes is forever quizzing Watson to see things the way he does , to figure out the mysteries of small things , like a walking stick left behind by a visitor . `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' tells the story of Henry Baskerville , a man who has inherited his family 's home and fortune -LRB- as the supposed final heir -RRB- , but also their apparent curse . His uncle was recently found dead on the grounds of Baskerville Hall , with little explanation for his death . The locals are sure as to the cause ; it is the mysterious hell-hound that haunts the moors that was the cause of his death . The local doctor brings the matter to Holmes and Watson and they are charged to protect the young Henry Baskerville from a similar fate , as well as to solve the mystery of the hound.While trying to gather facts for his intrepid employer , the faithful Watson narrates the strange happenings among Sir Henry 's neighbors , wanting to add his own theories , but leaving the mystery solving to his much-admired mentor . Sir Arthur Conan Doyle writes a well-paced narrative that builds to a climax that is still exciting even when we know the real mystery behind the hound . At the end , it is Holmes and not his faithful sidekick Watson , who reveals the tricks of his trade and how he solved the mystery that no one ever suspected . Doyle has created a wonderful pair of complementary characters in Holmes and Watson and it is a joy to read their adventures .
 When I was a kid I used to read about a detective named Encyclopedia Brown . In these stories you were entertained with an action filled plot and given critical bits of info about each case , and the fun part was figuring out who the villian was . Very fun and very challenging books . Well when I happened upon Mr. Sherlock and his demonic hound case I found a glorified version of young enclyopedia set in 19th Century London ... and I thoroughly enjoyed it . The story offers suspense and mystery , and challenges you to beat Sherlock to the solution . It challenged me enough that I went out and bought the complete set of Holmes ' Stories ... and I am gon na figure at least one of them out.I deducted a star simply because I read it in between books like ` Grapes of Wrath ' , ` Catcher in the Rye ' , and ' 1984 ' which must , necessarily , be rated higher . But none-the-less , I think you will be thoroughly entertained and challenged by what you read !
 When I picked up this book , the last thing was a good read . I could not believe that I could n't put this book down and could n't wait to turn to the next page . I believe that this is a book well worth reading . The suspense , the moor , the fog and of course , the Hound are all amazing . Truly a book you do n't want to miss !
 The Hound of the Baskervilles , by Arthur Conan Doyle is a piquant mystery that leads you from suspicion to suspicion . Sir Charles Baskerville had recently died of exhaustion after running from the demonic Hound of the Baskervilles , the family curse . While going to claim his inheritance , Sir Henry , the last of the Baskervilles , is warned away from Baskerville Hall by an anonymous note . At any moment , Sir Henry 's life might be put into peril by the beast or the culprit behind it , so Dr. Watson accompanies him to Baskerville Hall . Holmes must deduct who is behind these seemingly supernatural occurrences before the hound strikes again .
 Sherlock Holmes had already been officially killed off by 1902 - but the public was so loud in wanting to hear more stories about him that Sir Doyle relented and wrote a new story . He set it in a real house this time , based on a real legend . This Holmes tale has been voted by many groups as the best of all Holmes stories . Indeed , there are at least 30 different versions of dramatizations of the story.What is interesting is that the story is n't a typical puzzle where Holmes works through the clues one by one while you watch . Instead , we get some brief time with Holmes and Watson at the beginning , as they interact with a Doctor . Then Watson goes off with the Doctor and Sir Henry Baskerville , recently come over from Canada . It turns out Henry is now owner of a manor in the Baskervilles . The family has been under a curse involving a large hound . In fact the reason the home is now his is that his relation was apparently slain by such a hound.So Watson goes along Sir Henry to keep an eye on things , while Holmes sits home . The entire story is told from Watson 's point of view , only of Watson 's observations . Instead of watching Holmes work , we get more of a `` storytelling '' sense here . We hear about the melancholy gloom of the home . We hear often of the quiet loneliness of the moors , with the fog rolling in . It is very much a story of atmosphere , of haunting cries in the night and mysterious faces in the dark.Without giving away the ending , the key to the puzzle is withheld from the audience meaning we are n't allowed to `` solve '' the case with Watson or Holmes . This is disappointing - I enjoy mystery stories where I feel I have a chance of reading the clues properly . Also , the key instigator is quite intelligent - but the end aim of these machinations seems rather suspect . In fact , in the story Watson asks Holmes just what the apparent plan was , and Holmes himself says he does n't quite know . Which is also a bit frustrating.It is rather refreshing to have a top selling book that does n't involve sex or drugs , although there is of course violence here . There are at least two murders in the course of the story . But the focus is on the fact of the murder and the seeking of justice - not on gory details of the actual scenes.At only 100 or so pages , this is well recommended to anyone who enjoys a good story !
 This book was used as an example of English literature of the period in an English Literature class for 8th graders which I teach . All of the young readers enjoyed the book and I am very pleased with the quality of the item and the children 's responses to it .
 I read this book every fall . Sherlock Holmes mystery at it 's best ! I give this book 5 stars because it is well written , evokes incredible images of the English country side and has a bit of romance . Written in the 1800 's , this book transports me to another place and another time ... every fall .
 The Hound of the Baskervilles , by A. Conan DoyleSherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson discuss what can be deduced from a walking stick left behind by a visitor . When the visitor returns he tells of the old legend about the hound of the Baskerville family , and how Sir Charles Baskerville died recently . Dr. James Mortimer found the footprints of a gigantic hound twenty yards from the body ! There have been sightings of a huge hound on the moors at night . A new heir , Sir Henry Baskerville , arrives from Canada to take over the Baskerville property ; he is the last of the line . Will he meet the same evil fate ? Holmes makes an appointment to meet Sir Henry the next day . Holmes peers over the Ordnance map of that area . Has any crime been committed -LRB- Chapter 3 -RRB- ? Sir Henry tells of a warning letter sent to his hotel ; who knew he was there ? Why would anyone steal just one of his new boots ? Would anyone follow Sir Henry ? Dr. Watson will accompany Sir Henry back to Baskerville Hall ; there is less danger in a small village than in London . Dr. Watson must keep his revolver near and never relax his precautions -LRB- Chapter 6 -RRB- . The moor country is described as wild and sparsely settled . Dr. Watson reports his observations of the people who meet with Sir Henry . Watson sees the dangers of the great Grimpen Mire when a pony is caught in a bog and killed . There are stone huts from prehistoric man . Watson meets Stapleton the naturalist and then his beautiful sister -LRB- who tells him to go back to London -RRB- . Stapleton had once been a schoolmaster -LRB- Chapter 7 -RRB- . Watson sends letters to Holmes in London -LRB- Chapter 8 -RRB- . Mr. Frankland has a passion for litigation . He also observes the country with a telescope on his roof . Why was Stapleton so angry -LRB- Chapter 9 -RRB- ? What was the secret of the Barrymores ? Watson meets Laura Lyons and hears her secret story -LRB- Chapter 11 -RRB- . What did she hold back ? Mr. Frankland observed the stone huts . Then Watson hears a terrible scream from the moor -LRB- Chapter 12 -RRB- . Holmes has the solution to a cold-blooded murder , but lacked definitive proof . Holmes studied the portrait of the wicked Sir Hugo . Then plans are made for the night 's activities . Will an unexpected fog create a complication ? Holmes , Watson , and Lestrade rescue Sir Henry from a murderous fate . The villain escaped to a hiding place on the moor , but justice was n't cheated . Chapter 15 ties up the loose ends.This may be the most popular of Doyle 's four Holmes novels . It does not involve a religion , a company town , or imperial looting . Did Doyle implicitly criticize a hereditary aristocracy that passed down evils to each generation ? The character traits of the villain seem like those in true crime stories . Inheritance through murder has inspired other stories -LRB- `` The List of Adrian Messenger '' -RRB- . There is one flaw in this story . How could the purchase of food for a giant hound be kept secret ? Sherlock Holmes could question the grocers and butchers in the area to find the owner of that giant hound .
 Sherlock Holmes , just the mere mention of his name strikes fear into the hearts of criminals , but what is especially great about this book , is that Sir Arthur Conan Doyle does n't let the reader know that Holmes is in the book until the end portion . What that does for the reader which I enjoyed a lot , was that it let the reader try to figure the mystery instead of with the help of a detective extraordinaire.The mystery begins in London in 1989 with Holmes and Watson examining a cane . From the very beginning , it is easy to understand that Watson is no skilled detective but is a dramatic foil for Holmes , meaning he outlines Holmes ' character by being his opposite . While inspecting the cane , a man named Mortimer walks in and makes it known to Holmes ' and Watson about the Baskerville curse . The curse came about when Hugo Baskerville , an ancestor to Sir Henry made a deal with the Devil to let him find a girl he fell in love with . The girl had run away , and when he went to look for her in the moor , both he and the girl were found dead . The next heir to his estate , Charles , was also killed from the monstrous hound , leaving only one heir left , Henry . Holmes gives the case to Watson and tells Watson to update him frequently . As Watson watches over Sir Henry , he gains information slowly about the people living in Baskerville Hall , one couple the Barrymores , provided some suspicion , with their late night endeavors with someone out over the moor . Another couple , the Stapeltons , who were brother and sister , was also considered to have ties to the death of Charles and to the demon hound . An escaped convict also plays an important role in the mystery as to giving Watson and Holmes some clues about the murders . At what appears to be the climax , Holmes reveals to Watson that he has been on the case and at Baskerville Hall , in Devonshire , the entire time . He also shatters all of Watson 's theories about the case and tells Watson who the real culprit is . But the story is not over yet , as Holmes , Watson , and Sir Henry devise a plan to capture the culprit in the act , but a thick fog throws a monkey wrench into the plan and results in Sir Henry 's encounter with the glowing , fire-breathing cursed hound of the Baskervilles.Overall , I enjoyed the book very much , and this is saying much since I hate to read . What I especially liked about the book is the fact that Doyle threw so many possible suspects into the plot , but only one of them had anything to do with the mystery . That coupled with the fact that Watson , a mediocre detective , was on the case lets the readers logically run through the possibilities instead having Sherlock Holmes just give the answer away . The plot was developed very well with many cliffhangers which kept me wanting to read more . All in all , the only thing I did n't like about the book was the fact that the murderer was given away well before the end of the book . This was done at the time Sherlock Holmes was reintroduced . But Doyle well more than made up for it , by adding an intense finish to the book that kept me guessing as to the outcome . This book was definitely written to appease to the desires of those who enjoy murder mysteries and for those who like to be able to solve the case based on gathering information and putting it back together to form a logical explanation of the events .
 Hound of the Baskervilles by Arthur Conan Doyle is a great and easy read for anyone who likes mystery books . This book is another case of death or murder investigated and solved by Sherlock Holmes and his partner Dr. Watson . The book begins and ends in London in Sherlock Holmes &#65533; office , but the rest of the book mostly takes place in Devonshire at Baskerville Hall . It is a race to solve the mystery of the death of Sir Charles Baskerville before it &#65533; s too late and before the same thing happens to Sir Henry Baskerville , Sir Charles &#65533; nephew who is the next to take over Baskerville Hall.In the first few chapters , the author catches your attention by explaining &#65533; The Curse of the Baskervilles &#65533; and why it is believed that every member of the Baskerville family has died the same way and by the same curse . The curse is well explained and it makes you wonder if it could be true or false . As the book goes on and Holmes and Watson are getting closer and closer to solving the mystery , there are a few unexpected encounters and events that are also unexplained . These events make it a bit more difficult to figure out the mystery , but they keep your attention and make you want to read on and find out what might happen next.Not all the characters are what they seem to be , which allows for a few surprises along the way of solving the mystery . New events and people come up in every chapter making you want to learn more and solve the mystery . Holmes and Watson are a great team and although people try to get in their way , they always stay right on track until the end.Hound of the Baskervilles is an awesome mystery book in my opinion . I liked everything about it , especially that it always kept my attention with the new and unexpected twists . It &#65533; s easy to understand and not too long of a book either . The characters are well explained in their roles throughout the book so you &#65533; re never confused about who &#65533; s who . The author puts some twists in the novel to try to shy you away from the real murderer , but they don &#65533; t stop Holmes and Watson from figuring it out . As the book goes on , it gets better and better as you get closer to solving the mystery . You &#65533; ll have to read the book to find out what &#65533; The Curse of the Baskervilles &#65533; is and what really happened to Sir Charles Baskerville . I strongly recommend reading this book , even if you &#65533; re not into mystery books I think you &#65533; ll enjoy it .
 Conan Doyle 's Hound of the Baskervilles is the best known Sherlock Holmes story . It 's an excellent novel , and the only Holmes story where the creepy plot overshadows the great detective . It is by far the best of the 4 Holmes novels , and only a handful of the 56 short stories rival it in literary quality . For a curious reader wishing to aquaint him or herself with fiction 's most famous detective -LRB- and one of the 3 or 4 most famous characters in all of literature -RRB- , this is a perfect start . You 'll be hooked like a happy trout on a mountain stream . An odd metaphor perhaps , but once you read it you 'll agree . And you 'll then hungrily grab all the other lures too , all 59 other stories . Then someday looking back , you 'll see that the diabolical hound that haunts the moors was Doyle 's masterpiece .
 Dover has never let me down for purchasing great products , printed with excellence in mind at a mind-blowing low price ! This book will be no exception.Essentially , Holmes finds himself in a mystery concerning a legend of a supernatural black hound that curses the Baskerville family . Holmes is intrigued , and he sends Watson to watch over the new Baskerville heir.The story is classic Holmes , and the action is fast paced and moving . A fun read with an eye on a classic local legend of the Isles ! Highly recommended .
 The Hound of the Baskervilles is an intriguing book , filled with mystery and adventure around every turn . The author uses more descriptive words rather than cheap thrills to scar the reader . When reading the book , I saw that it was rather interesting , I thought that I had the mystery figured out , but I was far from discovering the truth.Read the book ... if you want to be scared and learn a thing or two about mystery solving you have picked the right book to read .
 I liked this book because it it was very suspenseful and kept me really into the whole plot and story , as soon as the book got boring a new character would be introduced or some exciting new fact would appear . The plot of the story is very interesting and exciting.The best part of the story is when Holmes and Watson spot the hound for the first time and chase it down before it can claim itself another victim . The saddest part is when Watson is searching the Stapletons and house and he finds his wife beaten and locked in the study and when Watosn questions Laura Lyons on on her knowledge about the death of Sir charles Baskerville.Sir Arthur Connan Doyle did a great job on foreshadowing all the clues in the mystery till the very end . He also did an awesome job on the climax of the story , it really hooked me .
 Originally Broadcast On the CBC during 1968Sherlock Holmes - Henry Comor , Dr. Watson - Gerard Parkes , Barrymore-Gillie Fenwick , Heed the Baskerville family legend of the Hound
 The first in Scenario Productions ' `` The Adventures Of Sherlock Holmes '' series and taken from the Archives of CBC Radio , this superbly presented radio adventure theater production of The Hound Of The Baskervilles is a multicast presentation of a classic Sherlock Holmes story . This two audio cassette audio book has a two hour running time and is enhanced with music and sound effects for the perfect `` theater of the mind '' listening experience . This radio theater production of The Hound Of The Baskervilles is enthusiastically recommended for all Sherlock Holmes fans and would make a very popular addition to school and community library audio book collections .
 `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' ranks as the most famous and also the best of the four Sherlock Holmes novels . It is the first Holmes novel I read as a child , and the combination of ancient curse , foreboding moor , and modern danger kept me turning the pages . `` The Hound '' is unique among the Holmes novels because for a large part of the mystery , Holmes ' character is offstage , appearing only at the last moment to bring events to a hair-raising denouement.Holmes is a brilliant but eccentric detective . Sometimes his personality quirks lead him into danger . Holmes is both tenacious and audacious , and the interplay of those two qualities almost bring him to grief . He loves to hold his cards close to his vest , and sometimes excludes others from information vital to their safety . He also loves to engineer dramatic climaxes to highlight his deductive powers . Holmes ' joint penchants for secrecy and sensation almost gets his client killed , but all 's well that ends well.The Dover Thrift Edition offers quality entertainment at a rock bottom price . Inexpensive , but definitely not cheap .
 I 'd be happy to argue the point , but it seems to me that the four greatest fictional characters of all time -LRB- excluding Don Quijote , who 's in a league of his own -RRB- are
 this was one of shelocks best books . this book was suspenceful , exicting , mysterious and shocking . in this book all kind of things happen , i mean think about it ok , your in 1814 and your dad has been atacked by a `` hell hound '' so you think his son has just enherited his mancion and his money . she he calls sherlock holmes to find out what happend to his father , and as he gets to start looking around the place he finds that the father had another son but did not knew about it . this son was even living on the property , and this son was the killer becuse he whanted to have the manchion . the conflict is great , we have person vs.person , person vs.nature , person vs.animal . this was a great book just to read , allways had surprises and suspence , it was a great mystery .
 This is really good book I reccomend it
 This is really good book I reccomend it
 `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a unique story in the Sherlock Holmes canon -- author Arthur Conan Doyle wrote it in the years between Holmes ' death and his resurrection several years later.But due to public pressure , Doyle brought Holmes and Watson back temporarily for a sort of `` memoir '' tale , a tale of supernatural curses , escaped convicts and ghastly glowing hounds . It suffers a little from a lack of Holmes , but is otherwise a tightly-written , solid little mystery.Sir Charles Baskerville was found dead of a heart attack -- apparently killed by a family curse in the shape of a giant dog . So his pal Dr. Mortimer asks Sherlock Holmes to protect Charles ' heir , Henry Baskerville , who has just arrived in England to claim his estate and inheritance.But even without Holmes , Watson can tell that something is up -- secretive servants , peculiar neighbors , an escaped criminal , a giant quicksand marsh , and the sounds of a dog howling in the night . But Holmes knows that the curse is no supernatural hound -- and that Sir Henry is in danger from a more real kind of ancient enemy . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' stumbles in one area -- the relative lack of Holmes . He 's out of the picture for most of the book , and Watson does plenty of solid detecting on his own . Everybody loves the faithful narrator , but Watson is n't the Great Detective , and the book feels vaguely incomplete without Holmes inspecting clues and giving little hints to Watson.The mystery unfolds at a languid pace , dropping a few red herrings along the way . Doyle pays loving attention to the dangerous , almost surreal Grimpen Mire and the surrounding countryside . But when Holmes comes back onto the scene , the book tightens itself up . All the plot threads rapidly slip into place as the real `` hound '' is uncovered.Holmes ' steel-trap mind is untarnished here , especially when he reveals what he figured out at the end . He 's especially likable in an endearing scene at the beginning , where he educates Watson on deduction . But this is Watson 's turn to shine , since he spends a long time gathering clues and even solving a sub-mystery without any assistance . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a short , satisfying Holmesian mystery , which is only hampered by Holmes ' absence for about half the book . Solid work , and a good introduction to the Holmes series .
 Sir Doyle has artfully wove the chilling tale of the Hound of Baskerville . it has proven to be a classic novel that seems to continuously mount with suspense that ends with a surprising discovery . Sir Doyle yet again has created another masterpiece .
 I usually do n't read mystery novels , but I had to get a taste of Sherlock Holmes . I loved Hound of the Baskervilles . Sir Arthur Conan Doyle is a wonderful author and really personifies Sherlock Holms and dear Dr Watson . Holmes is so funny ! I found myself laughing at the crazy stuff he comes up with . How in the world does he figure this mystery out ?! I had no clue who was the real culprit until the very end ! Amazing . You 'll enjoy reading it , I promise !
 Dr.waston and sir henry along with dr.mortimer go to baskerville hall were a demon dog of an old famliy curse killed sir henry 's uncle sir charles , were they meet barrymore and his wife and mr and mrs. spalton.while there sir henry falls for mrs.spalton thinking she 's mr.spalton sister.that night dr.watson and sir henry catch barrymore sneaking food to his brother an escaped convict accussed of murder and the convict runs away.then later when sir henry is with mrs. spalton while dr.watson is spying an them , mr. spalton gets angry and runs to them and mrs.spalton slaps sir henry.then dr.watson finds out that homles was spying on him .
 This book was a thrilling adventure with mysterious twists around every corner . You could not pick a better mystery book then this for a kid my age . The book starts off with the famous Sherlock Holmes and the narrator Dr. Watson examining a clue . Any ways this story is about a family the Baskervilles and the mysterious curse which hangs with them . Is the curse true or is there some mastermind behind it . Find out by reading the Hound of The Baskervilles .
 Having never read any Sherlock Holmes before , or any mystery novels besides Nancy Drew , I picked this up one day for a quick read . I was pleasantly surprised , I ended up finishing it in one sitting because it was so exciting . The story centers around a curse haunting an ancient family on the moor , which involves a spooky black hound and plenty of strange people.While others might complain about the time Doyle spends on the setting , I thought it added greatly to the spookiness . It takes place on the moor , which is a dreary enough place already , but Doyle adds in other details that give the moor as sinister quality . Now that I have read other Sherlock stories I can see that none of them devote as much time to the setting , but the setting here is also an important part of the story.The thing that many readers will find strange is the actual absence of Sherlock Holmes himself from much of the story , with Watson narrating and doing much of the investigating . However , I thought this added even more mysteriousness to the story , as there is an entire piece missing until you catch up with Sherlock . There are plenty of other good characters in this story as well , something missing from short stories that tend to focus solely on Holmes and Watson.This is a great introduction to Sherlock Holmes , as well as an exciting story . Of course the language can be archaic and the story is complex , but it 's not anything anyone older than 12 ca n't handle . If you like Hound of the Baskervilles , you 'll also enjoy any of the Holmes short stories too
 First Sherlock Holmes story I 've ever read . I actually really enjoyed it . For anyone who 's never read Sherlock Holmes and is afraid they wo n't understand the language -LRB- the thought I had before I actually read one -RRB- , it 's actually very easy to understand -LRB- I did n't realize it 's actually written in pretty understandable English -RRB- . There 's plenty of dialogue that moves you through the story rather quickly and it 's not boring in any way . There are some funny parts , and you 'll have fun trying to figure out the mystery .
 Although I have n't read many Sherlock Holmes stories , I have enjoyed every single one . This book was no exception , although I did find it to be riddled with many unanswered questions at the end of the story that I do n't find to be normally present in other Sherlock Holmes stories . Despite these , though , I thoroughly enjoyed the suspense that this book offered , and I was honestly on the edge of my seat almost the entire way through.Story / Plot - Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson are visited by a doctor , who brings them a curious case . His patient and friend Sir Charles Baskervilles has been found dead outside his manor , supposedly the victim of a heart attack . The spooky part arrives when it is said that near his dead body are the footprints of a hound , which is the animal rumored to hunt down and kill all Baskervilles . As Sir Charles 's nephew comes to take possession of the manor , it is up to Holmes and Watson to keep him from the same fate.Writing Style - It could n't be a Sir Arthur Conan Doyle story and not be written fantastically . The story flows almost perfectly , and the details are developed well . The characters are portrayed very nicely , and they 're are just the right amount of them
 Despite being written in 1902 , this is immensely fresh and readable mystery . Sherlock Holmes and his offsider Dr Watson are investigating the mysterious death of Sir Charles Baskerville . It appears that he may have fallen victim to a family curse
 I ordered this book from campus_ministry_support , and about ten minutes later , realized that I would rather go into the store and buy a copy of the book -LRB- this would be faster for me -RRB- . I contacted campus_ministry_support and they got back to me right away , confirming my cancellation . Very helpful and courteous !!
 This was my first Sherlock Holmes , and it very much lived up to my expectations . In this novel Holmes is called from London to consider the death of Charles Baskerville , apparantly by a crazed and superhuman dog . Reports have come from the manor of a ghostly , dog-like creature that haunts the hills . When Charles 's heir arrives to take up residence at Baskerville Hall , Holmes is convinced that the young Baskerville 's life is in danger . Watson takes up residence at Baskerville Hall to watch out for Henry Baskerville 's safety . When Watson notices strange things happening in the moors , the reader starts to wonder if , in fact , there is something supernatural haunting the moors.The Hound of the Baskervilles is certainly an engaging read . I stayed up late to finish it , and I can imagine that reading it in serials would create great anticipation for the next installment.The one shortfall I found was in my ability to visualize the scenery . I 'm not entirely familiar with Dartmoor , and it was difficult sometimes to understand the placement of Baskerville Hall and the surrounding terrain . That 's not entirely Doyle 's fault , and I certainly did get the sense that the countryside was hilly and desolate .
 This is perhaps my favorite of the Sherlock Holmes mystery . With Holmes sidekick , Dr. Watson , taking center stage , it 's dark gothic setting is wonderfully eerie and entertaining with an English moor , escaped killer on the loose , and , of course , the deadly hound of the Baskervilles . Definitely a good place to start in reading the Sherlock Holmes novels by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle or watching one of the movie or TV adaptations . -- R. Barri Flowers , Author of DEAD IN THE ROSE CITY
 `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a unique story in the Sherlock Holmes canon -- author Arthur Conan Doyle wrote it in the years between Holmes ' death and his resurrection several years later.But due to public pressure , Doyle brought Holmes and Watson back temporarily for a sort of `` memoir '' tale , a tale of supernatural curses , escaped convicts and ghastly glowing hounds . It suffers a little from a lack of Holmes , but is otherwise a tightly-written , solid little mystery.Sir Charles Baskerville was found dead of a heart attack -- apparently killed by a family curse in the shape of a giant dog . So his pal Dr. Mortimer asks Sherlock Holmes to protect Charles ' heir , Henry Baskerville , who has just arrived in England to claim his estate and inheritance.But even without Holmes , Watson can tell that something is up -- secretive servants , peculiar neighbors , an escaped criminal , a giant quicksand marsh , and the sounds of a dog howling in the night . But Holmes knows that the curse is no supernatural hound -- and that Sir Henry is in danger from a more real kind of ancient enemy . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' stumbles in one area -- the relative lack of Holmes . He 's out of the picture for most of the book , and Watson does plenty of solid detecting on his own . Everybody loves the faithful narrator , but Watson is n't the Great Detective , and the book feels vaguely incomplete without Holmes inspecting clues and giving little hints to Watson.The mystery unfolds at a languid pace , dropping a few red herrings along the way . Doyle pays loving attention to the dangerous , almost surreal Grimpen Mire and the surrounding countryside . But when Holmes comes back onto the scene , the book tightens itself up . All the plot threads rapidly slip into place as the real `` hound '' is uncovered.Holmes ' steel-trap mind is untarnished here , especially when he reveals what he figured out at the end . He 's especially likable in an endearing scene at the beginning , where he educates Watson on deduction . But this is Watson 's turn to shine , since he spends a long time gathering clues and even solving a sub-mystery without any assistance . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a short , satisfying Holmesian mystery , which is only hampered by Holmes ' absence for about half the book . Solid work , and a good introduction to the Holmes series .
 `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' is among the most famous of the Sherlock Holmes stories overall , and certainly the most famous of the four Holmes novels . Perhaps this is because of its ingenious plot premise . In this story , the famous deductive detective and his friend Dr. Watson are called upon to investigate at Baskerville Hall , a remote country mansion where the new heir to the property fears for his life . Apparently an old family legend has come true , and a horrible hound who haunts the moors is thought responsible for the deaths of the previous landowners . I know of no more chillingly atmospheric and mysterious setups for a mystery than this one . Unfortunately , large portions of the book feature yawning gaps in which Holmes himself does not appear , and we are forced to subsist on less interesting characters . Still , it * is * a Holmes story -LRB- fans of Holmes were delighted when this novel first appeared , since it was the first new Holmes story in some years , the author having previously killed off his famous hero in `` The Final Problem '' -RRB- and the mystery is a good one , featuring red herrings , suspicious goings-on , and clever sleuthing by the great detective . The climax of the tale , when it finally comes , is as exciting as any Conan Doyle ever wrote . A must for mystery fans .
 The Hound of the Baskervilles must be one of the greatest classic mysteries . While I find Holmes to be somewhat pretentious and priggish , his mind is amazing . The characterization of the moor is beautiful -LRB- yes , I think the moor is a character in this novel ! -RRB- . The story is thrilling and challenging for younger readers . A great novel to teach students about setting as a character .
 As a 13 year old adolescent beginning High School , I never would of thought that I would enjoy this book so much , but I did ! Once I started I just could n't put the book down.The way that Holmes controlled everything that came across him and how whenever he talked , you just knew it was of importance . Not to mention , Dr.Watsons great respect towards his mentor . Their relationship throughout the story was very special to me . Also , Sir Henry 's courage and bravery was conveyed throughout this awesome mystery ... and who to give admiration for devoloping all these characters and the marvelous plot and history of the hound of the baskervilles , none other than Sir Arthur Conan Doyle himself . His unique writing style and English dialogue that was used all fit into the mood and setting of the story ... and I loved how they said that sometimes Sir Arthur actually pictured himself as holmes throughout the story while writing . O.K. , I may not know much about literature or writing at all , but I stand behind my beliefs and opinions very strongly when I say that The Hound of the Baskervilles was not just a book , it was something that had my mind exercising each and every day before I go to bed and first thing when I wake up in the morning and that I admire Sherlock Holmes more than anyone or anything of intellegence .
 I have read The Hound of Baskervilles and found it to be the most chilling , thrilling and surprising of all of Doyle 's stories . This story closely resembles an Edgar Allen Poe horror story .
 This book is a wonderful depiction of the Sherlock Holmes world . I think that this is the best depiction of the stories as a whole and is a must read for all ages .
 This book will turn anyone into a true Sherlock Holmes fan . I 've read all the books in the series , and this is by far my favorite .
 HAD TO READ FOR SCHOOL - BEST MYSTERY EVER ! ALWAYS KEPT ME GUESSING AND WANTING TO READ AHEAD . AGAIN , BEST MYSTERY EVER !!!!!!!!!!
 this was good copy , I enjoyed it . Smooth transaction , no problems at all , I will buy more in the future .
 In it 's scense of life and awkard calling , despite it 's raw style of feeling and method of describing this mystery through , this book displays certain feelings beneath it 's sterotypical life . This book tells the story of a hound claimed to have killed lifes . Afraid to have this radient doing of murder happened with the next generation of Baskervilles going up to `` the throne '' a man calles Sherlock Holmes , who has been a character misplaced in cinema very badly through the years , comes into the dark scene . In the original books he is of logic being , running around the dreary streets of London , searching for the killer or criminal who had so changed so many lives . What he really is searching for is a piece of himself . For he is made up of cunning villians ready to be discovered . Logically , with him comes along the affectionote character of Dr. Watson.Succesfuly tricking Dr. Watson and making him come to the conclusion that he is investigating the deadly moor alone , they go of to investigate . The investigation seems to be much more sinister than expected as it opens new secrets . Though very exciting and methodical , I must complain -LRB- as I always do -RRB- that however exciting it may be , Doyle is a genuis only in his genre . The artistic flow of workes of genuis is not quite apparent in the books . So , we must dig in hopes of finding new discoveries in the verges of this novel . the comfort comes from knocking on Sherlock Holmes door and hearing the vivid knock ... the knock of being alive and well.The knock . . of mystery calling us .
 A devilish hound , wreaking havoc on a family for generations . Sherlock Holmes is on the case . A hound has been killing off sons of the Baskerville family . Mysterious things happen to Sir Henry , and Watson and Sir Henry are sent to the Baskerville estate without Holmes . Watson meets the Stapletons , brother and sister , Henry 's neighbors . Holmes is in hiding , waiting for Henry 's enemies to attack , while Watson watches Sir Henry , and Sir Henry watches Ms. Stapleton in admiration . Holmes finds out that Stapleton is a Baskerville with an alias , his `` sister '' is his wife , and he is trying to kill Sir Henry . Sir Henry is nearly killed by Stapleton 's fiendish hound . Stapleton is killed on the moor by the swamps in the grimpen mire . This book is a good thrill-seeking adventure.This book was very suspenseful . When Sir Henry and Watson were chasing Selden , while they were trying to catch their breath , Watson saw a man on the tor watching them in the moonlight . Watson did n't know if the man in the moonlight was friend or foe . When Holmes , Watson , and Lestrade were trying to catch Stapleton in the act , Henry walked out to go home and Stapleton let the hound out . Henry could hear the hound in the distance , so he started to run . Holmes and Watson started to run after the hound and Henry . The hound gained on Sir Henry and knocked him over , and started to maul Sir Henry . Holmes , pistol handy , shot the hound many times . Sir Henry went into shock , and slowly overcame it , with some brandy that helped . When Watson found Holmes on the tor , in the darkness , amid their conversation , they heard the hound that had gotten loose and was chasing someone . Holmes and Watson tried to run in the direction of the howls , and heard someone fall over . They went over to the body , face down , and saw that it was Sir Henry . They started crying , until Holmes realized that the body had a beard , and Sir Henry does n't have one . They roll the body over , and find out that the body is Selden , the fugitive.This book was very educating . In the beginning , when Watson and Holmes were looking at Dr. Mortimer 's walking stick , I would n't have thought that the bite marks on the stick were a dog ` s , let alone a specific dog . When Holmes and Watson were following Dr. Mortimer and Sir Henry , and the taxi that was also following them , raced away and Holmes got the cab number that fast , I would have never thought that someone was following Sir Henry because they knew where he was staying . Lastly , when Watson asked Holmes who took care of the hound while the Stapletons were watching Sir Henry in London , Holmes anwsered , with ease , that since Roger Baskerville lived in South America and had a child there , the `` Stapletons '' lived in South America , and they came to London , they also brought their servant , Anthony , who was long gone to South America with his payings the Stapletons paid him to helpthem , and Anthony comes from Antonio , which is of South American decent . I would have never thought that the butler was involved.This book was good because it had a good plot . When Sir Henry 's boot was stolen you wondered why would someone would want to steal only one boot , only to be replaced and have one of the old boots stolen . You did n't know that it would be used for scent , until all was revealed in the end . I wondered why the barrymores were introduced . That was because they were to introduce Selden to be used as a decoy , because Holmes , Watson , and Stapleton thought that Selden was Sir Henry laying there dead . when Sir Henry and Ms. Stapleton were strolling and Stapleton ran up fussedat Ms. Stapleton and yelled at Sir Henry , you wondered why he was overacting over his sister . later you find out that Ms. Stapleton is Stapleton 's wife , but that act of stupidity tipped off Holmes and Watson off.This book is a timeless classic that generations will share together.B . Rimando
 I chose this book because it was recommended to me as a good mystery.This book is about a murder case that is publicly disguised as a supernatural curse . The curse is based on the history of the Baskerville family . Hugo Baskerville , who was very wealthy , was mysteriously murdered by a supposed hound that killed him because he was taking advantage of a neighbors daughter . After that incident , the hound haunted the family . After the death of Sir Charles Baskerville in the same way , Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson investigate to keep Sir Henry Baskerville safe , who will be moving into the family estate . Originally , all signs lead to the Barrymores , who would have gained some inheritance after CHarles ' death.This was one of the few books that I enjoyed . It was the first real mystery book that I 've ever read , and it was interesting to read . It never really got boring , and it also was a believable story . I do n't like many stories where the plot has too much supernatural stuff and I just do n't fall for it . I do n't regret reading it .
 There are few better detectives in fiction than Sherlock Holmes . And there is no Holmes novel better than `` The Hound of the Baskervilles . '' Granted , Doyle may have been at his best when penning his short stories , but of his four novels starring Holmes , `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' is easily his best , and arguably among the best-ever novel-length murder mysteries . Published in 1902 , Holmes wrote `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' after he had published his first two collections of short stories , and when his pen was producing Sherlock Holmes at his best.The adventure starts when Sir Charles Baskerville , owner of the Baskerville mansion , meets an untimely death from a heart attack , apparently the result of his terror while faced with a huge hound . An old Baskerville family legend testified to a supernatural and ghostly hound that tormented the family , and Charles ' death appears to confirm local gossip that the hound is alive and roaming the moors . When Sir Charles ' only living relative and heir of his fortune , Sir Henry Baskerville , arrives at Baskerville Hall , his life too appears to be threatened . Who is following him , who is stealing his boots , and who is the author of a warning note ? To protect Sir Henry and unravel the mystery , Dr. James Mortimer , friend of the late Sir Charles , obtains the involvement of Holmes and his loyal sidekick Dr. Watson . While he does not expressly discount supernatural involvement , Holmes uses the ruthless application of logic and reason to find the real solution to the mystery.The plot thickens as an escaped convict hiding on the moor joins the action . Homes must uncover the masks behind a cast of mysterious characters , including the caretakers Mr. & Mrs Barrymore , the amateur astronomer Mr. Frankland and his daughter Laura Lyons , and the botanist Jack Stapleton and his sister Beryl . With the appropriately chilling and melodromatic setting of the gloomy moor , the action increases with a thrilling finale , as Holmes uses Sir Henry himself as bait to bring the criminal out of hiding , and reveal the mystery behind the supernatural hound from hell . And after the excitement of the climax dies down , we are given the pleasure of sitting down with the great detective , as he explains everything in his usual way with cold calculated logic.What makes `` The Hound of the Baskerviles '' work so well is the combination of all these elements . The eerie setting , superb characterization , and a well-paced narrative plot , are gift-wrapped with the logical deductions that are the hallmark of a typical Sherlock story . But unlike some of the Holmes short stories , the novel length of `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' allows room for traditional murder mystery thrills and spine-tingling suspense before the illuminating deductions of Holmes that his fans expect and love . For once , the logic and persona of the great detective is overshadowed by a suspenseful plot . This is a murder-mystery classic , and if there is one Doyle novel that Sherlock Holmes fans should read , it 's undoubtedly this one . - GODLY GADFLY
 The image of Sherlock Holmes in ` The Hound of the Baskervilles ' is perhaps the most enduring image we have of him . You see , an Inverness cloak and deerstalker cap are inappropriate wardrobe for the town , and belong in the country . Sherlock Holmes is predominantly a city dweller and city investigator ; it is relatively uncommon that he treks out on adventures , but the case of the mysterious death of Sir Charles Baskerville and the attempted murder of Sir Henry Baskerville led him to the Dartmoor plain . Thus , country garb was in order . This is where we get much of our imagery.Also helping with this is that every major actor to play Holmes has considered ` Hound of the Baskervilles ' to be the ultimate Holmes story to act -- rather like the Hamlet of Conan Doyle 's work . Holmes was a popular film icon , and in the early decades of the twentieth century several dozen films were made of Holmes , but the first after these many films to be set in Victorian times -LRB- and not be updated for the screen -RRB- was a version of Hound . Ellie Norwood , Basil Rathbone , Peter Cushing , Jeremy Brett -- many distinguished actors have considered this among their greatest roles.Watson dates the case to 1889 , but various reading authorities , knowing the good doctor 's occasional attempts to distort details to protect the privacy of the innocent , have dated this to between 1886 and 1900 . In fact , the novel appeared in serialised form in the Strand magazine , the great first-publication site of most Holmesian tales , between August 1901 and April 1902 , after Conan Doyle had attempted to kill off the great detective in the short story The Final Problem , which showcased Holmes ' battle with Moriarity , the Napoleon of Crime . In fact , Conan Doyle came to dislike the character of Holmes because it was a distraction to his other pursuits.So , bowing to public pressure , Conan Doyle penned Hound of the Baskervilles to placate the public demand for more stories , but took care to place it before the death of Holmes , in the hopes that he could leave the detective safely dead -LRB- if not buried -RRB- . Such was not to be , and we find a few years later that in fact Conan Doyle ` resurrects ' Holmes in a rather ingenious fashion.But , on to the story at hand . Holmes and Watson , at home at 221b Baker Street , are approached by a Dr. James Mortimer regarding the death of Sir Charles Baskerville and a family curse which involved evil forces in the form of a satanic hound . Mortimer is concerned for the safety of the new proprietor of the family lands , freshly arriving from Canada , who had a new boot stolen , then an old boot stolen , in his hotel in London . Later Holmes would put together the significance of this seeming strange minor act -LRB- no , I wo n't tell you -RRB- . Holmes sends Baskerville and Watson together to the country estate while he tends things in London on another case . In reality , Holmes is setting Watson up as a diversion , while he investigates the moor and the surroundings of the Baskerville estate under cover . Life at the estate is a bit strained , given the murder , an attempted murder , a curse , and all . The neighbours seem nice enough , though . Or are they ? Watson picks up on curious little details of their relationship , which he reports back in written notes to Holmes -LRB- which have been redirected to his moor outpost -RRB- . Eventually Holmes reveals himself to Watson , and then to Baskerville , and the chase is on in earnest , to discover the reality of the mysterious creature each have seen or heard . In good mystery fashion , we come across long lost relatives and an inheritance to be had ; we find plots and subplots muddied by superstitious belief and fear , on a mysterious plain in southwestern England.All the elements combined that are now considered standard bits for a well-done country English mystery . But the mystery does not stop merely with the story . In true mystery fashion , appearing in the Daily Express edition of March 16 , 1959 , there were doubts cast upon the authorship of Hound of the Baskervilles . The one who carried the dispute was named none other than Baskerville , Harry Baskerville . He credited the story to one Fletcher Robinson , who died -LRB- perhaps of the Egyptian mummy 's curse -RRB- at age 35 shortly after the publication of Hound . With his death , only Baskerville remembered the issue of co-authorship . Baskerville claims it was Robinson who ` borrowed ' the Baskerville name.One of Conan Doyle 's heirs , Adrian Conan Doyle , heatedly denied involvement of Robinson past possible ` conversations ' that might have taken place between Arthur Conan Doyle and Robinson . But , he did not deny Conan Doyle 's possible ` inspiration ' from Robinson.One Baker Street Irregular -LRB- an exclusive club of Holmesian experts -RRB- was doing a monograph on this issue as well , claiming that the reason why Holmes appears so infrequently is due to the fact that he had to be written in to an otherwise essentially completed story . This Irregular travelled to meet with Baskerville , and hinted at discoveries he had found . But alas , the Irregular died three weeks later in America , his monograph never published and his notes were never found . Perhaps a dog ate the homework ? A mysterious hound , perhaps ?
 This book is great ! Holmes is stretched to his limits on a problem that seems to defy all of Holmes principles . Action , suspence , interesting conversations , foreshadowing , and even some good ol' horror keeps you hooked . The mysterious , sparsely populated , looming moorlands offer a great and fitting scene for this dark mystery!A definite classic ! A must read !
 And I ca n't thing of any higher praise to give this superb story . It is without a doubt the greatst detective mystery story ever told . The characters are memorable , it is Sherlock Holmes after all , and Watson . But the images are magical , the Moores are just so mysterious in their descriptions and their mystery is overhwleming when someone looks out over them , peering through a thick fog , listening for the howl of the hound . A masterpiece that gets my highest recommedation .
 RecommendationI recommend this book for all advanced readers . This book uses hard to understand words like mire . I thing this book is for all high school students that enjoy reading . I think this book should n't be recommended for people 13 or lower . In this paragraph , it shows how hard this book is to read . `` The work to a man of my temperament was mechanical and uninteresting , but the privilege of living with youth , of helping to mould those young minds and of Impressing them with one 's own character and ideals , was very dear to me . '' They also describe with great detail . `` I have said that over the great Grimpen Mire there hung a dense , white fog . It was drifting slowly in our direction , and banked itself up like a wall on the side of us , low , but thick and well defined . The moon shown on it , and it looked like a giant ice field . '' I have come to the conclusion that all high school students should read this challenging book .
 This is one of the best books ever written . Sir Doyle has made a good use of color symbolism . All the literary techniques are just fabulous , especially his classic flashback technique .
 This book is probably the best I have ever read . It keeps you in suspense , and makes you feel as if you are there with Holmes and Watson . In parts it was so real , I actually got the chills ! Anybody that knows how to read HAS to read this book , it is the best mystery ever published in my eyes . Once you read it , you will be hooked on Conan Doyle 's pieces of writing . A true classic !
 I read this book about a year ago , but I just read it last month & every time I read it this book gets better . I like how Sir Arther Canyon Doyle did n't just tell you who the murderer is , he just kind of led up t. And both times I read this book I could not put it down . After reading it the first time he inspired me to read other mysteries . Sir Arther Canyon Doyle must have been a genus to make up a plot like the one in this book . It also must have been hard to make up a story with some fanasy & some mystery .
 I picked up the book after I became totally possessed of his spirit on a trip to London . A mystery as it is , it is truely a artistic literature , letting one to feel as if he/she is out on a moor in Victorian England , trying to solve the mystery with the greatest fictional character of all time . I absolutely loved it , and read it over again . Since that time I read everything Sir Conan Doyle has written !
 The hound of the Baskervilles is a book where Conan Doyle shows how creative he are and how perfect is his knowing of mixing policial literature with an astonishing narrative . Brillant , a masterpiece which honour the author 's title of Sir .
 I read this book and this is definitely my favorite of all the books I have read . This book is very , very , suspenseful and a little spooky . This was the first Sherlock Holmes book I have read and it got me hooked on Sherlock Holmes . I could n't put this book down because it was so suspenseful and it was very entertaining . I would recommend this book to anyone .
 This is the definition of the mystery genre , the best that Doyle has to offer.If you love a good read , a good mystery , a classic tale , get this book.For those who may not want to spend the cash for a hard cover , any of the paper back versions will do . But , the feel and experience of hefting a good hard back while following Watson and his friend , Holmes , should not be missed
 Sir Arthur Conan Doyle -LRB- 1859-1930 -RRB- wanted to be known for his serious fiction and journalism . History , however , awards its literary plaudits to the good doctor for his immortal literary detective Sherlock Holmes and his bumbling sidekick Dr. John H. Watson . Doyle wrote 54 Holmes short stories and four novellas on the most famous consulting detective in all of world literature.The Hound of the Baskervilles was published in serial parts in the Strand Magazine from August 1901 through April 1902 . It is his most famous work worthy of its acclaimThe story involves Herny Baskerville who has inherited a large fortune and vast estate in Dorset . His friend Dr. Mortimer visits Holmes and Watson at 221B Baker Street to tell them that Baskerville is frightened of a huge fiendish hound said to roam over Grimpen moor . Ever since one of Henry 's ancestors was killed by a large dog following a maiden 's seduction it is believed that the Baskerville 's are cursed by the fiendish monster mongrel.Holmes and Watson arrive in Dartmoor to investigate . while Holmes returns to London it is left to Dr. Watson to record the happenings at Baskerville Hall . Doyle has Watson speak through a journal he keeps while a guest of Sir . The plot is gothic horror , suspense fiction and love story all entwined in a delicious plot . There is even quicksand to trap hapless victims of Grimpen . The scenes remind one of the Wasteland imagery of a TS Eliot who was enamored of this great story . Freudian and psychological interpreters have had a field day with this one!There are many interesting characters in the case . Selden an escaped convict from the nearby prison ; Stapleton the lover of butterflys and his supposed sister Beryl . Murder occurs as the savage beast is on the prowl . The mysterey is intricately plotted and there are many surprises . One of life 's joys is to read this novella for the first time ! Doyle is a master of evoking a chilly , creepy atmosphere filled with fog , rain and fear on the prowl . The novella is superior to any film version ever made of this classic workDoyle was an Edwardian gentleman who loved nature , spiritualism and hiking . He also was an excellent stylist who will keep your interest as Holmes unweaves the complex tale . The Hound of the Baskervilles is masterful , suspensful and worthy of your time . The story can be read and re-read for a lifetime of enjoyment . It is short requiring only a few hours nestled near a fireplace on a winter 's night . Enjoy !
 I was expecting this book to be a bit boring - it 's for a literature class . But it turned out to be easy to read and exciting !
 A murder attributed to a demonic hound challenges not only Mr. Holmes ' legendary wits , but more importanly his faith in reason and science as it takes him deep into a misty , timeless moor and into the myths and legends of less enlightened times . While the values of logic and modernism ultimately triumph with the exposure of the hound as a hoax , Doyle 's tense , apmoshperic writing conjures up quite a bit of genuine horror . Its no accident that horror master H.P. Lovecraft was later able to effectively appropriate much of the novel 's basic feeling in his short story `` The Hound . ''
 The Hound of the Baskervilles was very exiting , and it almost came alive with the great writing . the legend of the hound , told in the begining of the book , was very suspenseful , and the incredible amount of suspects made it very hard to guess the killer before he was announced.It is a very good book to read for a report , because it is easy to summarize , however , that is not the only reason to read it . I would reccomend this book , or any Sherlock Holmes mystery for that matter5 , for the incredible amount of suspense and cleverness of the detective . Sherlock Holmes is incredibly intellegent in that he can recognize and tell the difference between the ink of different newspapers !
 this book tells about a strange murder of Sir Charles Baskerville whose family was haunted by some strange and terrible kind of a dog.Sherlock Holmes and his assistant Watson goes investigate and protect Henry Baskerville , Charles Baskervilles ` nephew , heir of the mansion and the last one of the family.The moor , the local people and the mansion helps to create the mystery and the thriller.When i started reading this book i just could n't put it down ! I 'd recommend it to anyone who likes a good mystery book .
 This was my first A. Conan Doyle read , and I read it for gain background knowledge for _ The Moor _ by Laurie R. King . Perhaps I have seen too much of Holmes on PBS but I was n't really surprised at the conclusion . It seemed obvious through Watson 's accounts who the murderer was , though perhaps the motive was hidden until Holmes discovers the portrait resemblance . I was entertained but not enthralled . I am much more of a fan of King 's portrayal of the husband and wife team of Holmes than of the originalsuper sleuth !
 This great novel is very different from the short stories . Here , Holmes and Watson face a mystery in touch with supernatural forces , coming from an old legend about the Baskerville family . And the supernatural is only natural in that environment
 This is the book that got me interested in reading mystery novels . It 's suspenseful , thought provoking , and totally unpredictable . I have yet to find another mystery that really adds up to what Doyle has created in these few pages . I want to read all his novels now , and I ca n't wait !
 The hounds of baskerville was one of the most exciting books I have ever read . Once I started I could n't stop . It keeps you wondering what is going to happen next in the many twists and turns it has . Compared to any other book of Sherlock Holmes this is definitely number one . I was on the edge of my seat from cover to cover . The author Sir Conan Doyle put together an excellent mystery suspense no other mystery book compares to The Hounds Of Baskerville . I really enjoyed how Sherlock Holmes could solve anything with just observing it with his eyes . There is not too many more mystery books out there of this caliber . I recommend this book to anyone who likes edge of his or her seat suspense . This is probably the most exciting mysteries I have ever read in years . I recommend this as a must buy or rent .
 It was pretty nice , but some things were a bit stretche
 The Hound of the Baskervilles was an excellent book , and one of the best mysteries I have ever read . Holmes , the superhuman detective , is asked to investigate the death of Charles Baskerville , which many believe to be the work of the ferocious hound , a curse brought about by the misdeeds of Hugo Baskerville . When Sir Henry inherits the estate , Holmes must solve the mystery before another Baskerville meets his end!This novel has one of the most complex plots of any mystery , with many unexpected twists , and is one that will keep you reading until its suspenseful , engrossing climax . The setting is also well put together , and the danger of the foggy moor only adds to the drama.This story had huge appeal for me , largely because of the believability of the characters . Holmes , Watson , and Henry are very realistic - and people that I would want to know . Holmes was so real to many readers , that they actually wrote to 221 Baker Street , his fictional address!Sir Arthur Conan Doyle was not only a great mystery writer , but a wonderful novelist as well . This novel is proof that he really deserved the title of knight !
 This has to be the most exciting detective book of all times . It combines all the elements required for a good detective thriller in the right proportions . At the start , Doyle introduces the element of the supernatural making the reader wonder whether the book will become a bit unimaginable . But it is handled very well by both Doyle and his hero-sleuth Holmes.Throughout the entire book the reader is kept on the edge of his seat , wondering what will happen when he turns the next page . One can not but feel an icy cold shiver running through one ` s spine during Dr.James Mortimer ` s initial conversation with Holmes . `` Footprints ? Man ` s or a woman ` s ? '' `` Mr.Holmes , they were the footprints of a gigantic hound ! `` This element of horror is certainly lacking in other Holmes ` books . Great read for any fan of detective thrillers .
 This book was a very magical story to read . I thought this because you had to use your imagination-the thought of an actual living beast that kills people . It had some surprising turns which I thought made the book even better . What I liked alot was how detailed the author was in writing the story . He would be so descriptive in the writing of this book , that you could even imagine it in your own head ! When I was reading this book , I thought to myself , a doctor-trying to find out who killed a person close to me , and then finding out that it was a beast ! This book was an amaxing book , and I think that people who like suspense should read it . Many stories do n't always include explicit descriptions , as well as the moods of mystery and horror . I definitely would read this book again , and recommend it to others . This was a wonderful book that gives you chills down your spine , which results in to stop reading , and to think about what you just have read .
 I was supposed to read this in 5th grade , but I did n't . Picked it up at age 40 and feel cheated that I skipped it . What a great book and a super read . I finished it in one read and am now looking to read all of Sherlock Holmes . What have we been missing ???????????
 Although I began reading this book because it was an assignment in school reading , I actually found the book quite interesting . The mystery unravels nicely as well the characters within the book . There was n't a lot of confusing new characters popping in and out of the story . Mostly everything in the chapters was realivant to the mysterty itself as well . If you have purchased this book then you will surely enjoy reading it . If you have not bought this book and you are looking for a good mystery to read this is a good pick to choose .
 This book was the first I read fo Sir Arthur Doyle , but I was convinced that it would be cool when I knew it had Sherlock Holmes as the main character . This book is really interested , and it really get 's you into the plot of it all . I recommend it too all.READ THIS BOOK ...
 An extremely good mystery , with all the effects that put you right in the action with Dr. Watson . Enough to get you into and interested in other Holmes mysteries .
 The hounds of baskerville was one of the most exciting books I have ever read . Once I started I could n't stop . It keeps you wondering what is going to happen next in the many twists and turns it has . Compared to any other book of Sherlock Holmes this is definitely number one . I was on the edge of my seat from cover to cover . The author Sir Conan Doyle put together an excellent mystery suspense no other mystery book compares to The Hounds Of Baskerville . I really enjoyed how Sherlock Holmes could solve anything with just observing it with his eyes . There is not too many more mystery books out there of this caliber . I recommend this book to anyone who likes edge of his or her seat suspense . This is probably the most exciting mysteries I have ever read in years . I recommend this as a must buy or rent .
 This is the first Sherlock Holmes book I have read , and it is by far the best -- I say this after having read everything but the Return of Sherlock Holmes ! After this book , you are hooked . It 's a mesmerizing mystery and a chilling one too , but I would n't particularly recommernd it if you 're squeamish ...
 I , personally , think that , this is the best of the Sherlock Holmes books . The story is a execlent mix of action and mystery , and I mean deep , dark mystery.If you are even a little interested in mysterys , this is a must-read cassic
 Although it did n't have enough suspects to be as `` mysterious '' as some of the other Sherlock Holmes stories I 've read -LRB- the `` big reveal '' of the villain was not surprising at all -RRB- , this one was still a fun read.My favorite part about the book was the atmosphere . I wonder if the moor where most of the book is set is a real place . If so , I want to visit . Rocky tors , misty swamps , ancient dwellings made from stone , and the occasional large stately mansion . I 'm ready to buy my plane ticket to London .
 An all-time classic which was probably my first Sherlock Holmes story . Well-written and easy to follow , but does require an ability to think in the terms that Doyle wrote . Since he wrote in a different era , do n't expect modern English .
 He has many followers . From Marple to Millhone , from Rebus to Rockford , from Scarpetta to the Scooby Gang . When it comes to the sciences of investigation , detection and deduction , Sherlock Holmes is the original , and still the best.In ` The Hound of the Baskervilles , ' we see the reason for this - both in his unforgettable presence , and his unfortunate absence.We see in the first few pages how the presence of Holmes drives the story forward , unrelentingly and entertainingly , as Holmes poses his cohort Dr. Watson with a question about an old cane left mysteriously in their Baker Street home office . Watson deduces an answer that delights Holmes - because it is `` almost wholly wrong '' - but pushed Holmes ' own thoughts in the right direction . This is the epitome of Holmes as a character , like a Dr. House for the 19th Century
 what is big , bad , and from the pit of Hell ? , upon the moor be it dwell , I bode to Sir Henry fare the well , and suggest that the mansion he should sell . Do you love a good mystery once in a while , which will leave you guessing right until the end ? If so , The Hound of the Baskervilles by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle was made for you . Written in 1910 , for a century this book has been the rave for thrill and mystery seekers all over the world.The Hound of the Baskervilles is a novel dealing with a centuries old legend of a `` Hell-Hound '' lurking in the town of Devonshire located in southern England . When Dr. Watson and his accomplice Sherlock Holmes get wind of a murder taken place they are instantaneously intrigued and immediately devote their time into the inves-tigation . Sir Charles Baskerville died from unexplained causes with no trace but a sin-gle foot prints from `` a hound as big as a large lioness '' . From the outset , Dr. Watson is hot on the trail of the hound and planning to send the legend home with its tail be-tween its legs . But then as in all good stories there is a plot twist where all of yours and their assumptions are proven wrong.I would recommend this book to anyone with a strong reading capability and a love for a mystery because I thoroughly enjoyed it and I would bet my bottom dollar that you will too . So if I can give any advice it would be for you to read this and you will like it.If anyone asked me I would above all else recommend this book with a slight warning . You need to be a strong reader to tackle this book for it is not written in a modern context for after all it is a flat century old . This book however is a must read . There are parts about this book that you are so enthralled and mortified while your heart is beating a triathlon and your instincts say to put the book down but you just ca n't muster the strength . At one point in the book where a stranger meets an un-fortunate demise it is especially exuberating .
 Interesting from the first page . There 's already a mystery to be solved right when you open the book , with a mysterious cane left in Watson and Sherlock 's office.Doyle keeps each page filled with suspense and thrills . Even as I read , I could hear the low , mournful sound of the hound that Stapleton keeps locked up baying across the moor.The characters are amazing and funny . Sherlock Holmes keeps me giggling with all of his oddities and eccentrities . Watson is amusing with his normal assumptions next to Sherlock.The mystery is intriguing and darker and deeper than it first appears . The book can actually be rather creepy and suspenseful , unlike the other mystery novels where they 're solving the typical robbery , or something like that.The only thing that I did n't like as much compared to other authors I 've read was that his sense of description was n't as good . I had to rely more on my imagination to see the moors as he described it rather than what it really looked like.Yet in spite of that , the novel was comedy , mystery , and a pinch of horror all rolled into one delicious enchilada
 It would n't be right to say much about the plot of a detective murder mystery . So I wo n't . The short , non-spoiler synopsis is
 Nice , basic book version of this classic Sherlock Holmes story . Comments/vocabulary in the back is a nice touch for those trying to learn from literature . Not deluxe , but worth the low price .
 The Hound of the Baskervilles deserves its recognition for a number of reasons . Not only was it the first Sherlock Holmes story to be released in the 20th Century but it was the first story that seemingly endeavoured into the world of the supernatural which would challenge Holmes ' idea of rational existence . This story has also spawned many film adaptations but none of which match up to the spectacular story telling ability of Conan Doyle and the gripping nature of the plot told in its literary form . This has become my favourite of the Holmes novels simply for the way in which the case being explored is introduced and the twists which allow it to reach its conclusion.The plot focuses around the death of Sir Charles Baskerville in the county of Devon . His heir , Sir Henry Baskerville is forced to travel from Canada to claim his fortune but first he is introduced to Holmes & Watson by Sir Charles ' friend Dr. Mortimer . Dr. Mortimer is convinced the death of Sir Charles was caused by the legendary Baskervilles curse which has been killing the Baskerville heirs for centuries . The myth focuses around Sir Hugo Baskerville who lived during the time of Oliver Cromwell . The curse arose through revenge of Sir Hugo 's misdeeds and has haunted the family ever since . The body of Sir Charles is found with no visible wounds so it is determined that Sir Charles died of pure fright and an obscure footprint of some form of hound a distance from the body only seeks to enforce the myth of the demonic beast.Told in the third person once again from the perspective of Dr. Watson the story gives a whole new importance to Holmes ' accomplice as Watson is sent off to Devon as the protector for the heir to Sir Charles ' fortune and fellow investigator whilst Holmes stays in London to commit to another crime . This time spent away from the Holmes character gave me a broader appreciation for the importance of Watson and it certainly does appear , from reading previous stories , the Watsons skills of observation have improved thanks to the time spent with his companion in solving crime . Two chapters specifically are written in the context of letters to Holmes and again gave diversity to the writing of Conan Doyle which makes the situations all the more realistic.The setting of Dartmoor and the descriptions of the Baskerville Manor are detailed and easy to imagine in their own right . The imagery of the Grimpen Mire is especially intriguing and the inspiration for the Grimpen Mire is certainly a place I would like to see . The characters aside from the main protagonists are interesting in their own quirks and presence and their importance or lack thereof still add equally to that of the overall story . The legend of the hound itself is an excellent way of challenging Holmes ' overall mentality as he first dismisses the myth as nonsense but as more and more evidence piles up in support of the myth it becomes interesting to see the character come to terms that some form of demonic hound may actually exist . It is a stunning story and a worthy addition to the Holmes universe .
 This audiobook is by far the best audio version of `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' available today . Reader David Timson does a masterful job . Unlike certain other audio versions where the reader rushes headlong through the book , seemingly without ever pausing for breath , Mr. Timson reads with expression , timing , and style . If you want to hear this novel read the way it should be read , buy the Timson version . It is superb .
 The Baskerville family had a myth that haunted them for ages . When it finally comes true , Mr. Sherlock Holmes must come to the rescue . The Baskerville myth of a dog that kills all descendants of the Baskervilles at night on the moor has haunted the family for ages . So , when Sir Charles Baskerville is found dead on the moor , everyone assumes it was the hound . Sir Henry , who is Sir Charles ' nephew , comes and inherits the estate with Holmes closely watching . Sir Henry meets the Stapletons , a young couple that are his closest neighbors , and begins to fall in love with Ms. Stapleton . Holmes puts Sir Henry 's life at stake at the end of the book , and they catch the culprit in the act . This book is an excellent read that would be the perfect story to read when you ca n't decide between a mystery and an adventure.This book is an example of how much Sherlock Holmes cares about other people 's feelings . When Holmes sent Watson with Sir Henry to inherit the estate , he did n't tell Watson that he would follow to make sure everything was OK , which made Watson feel betrayed and not trusted . Holmes also told Watson that Cartwright had supplied all of his needs for him , which made Watson even more upset . At the end of this story , Holmes puts Sir Henry 's life on the line when he lets the hound jump on Sir Henry before he kills it , petrifying Sir Henry with fear.The antagonist is really good at disguising himself in this book . He outsmarts Sherlock Holmes in London with a full black beard , and calling himself Sherlock Homes . The Antagonist also befriends the Baskervilles so that they would never suspect him as the culprit . His plans are very smart , from bribing Sir Charles out of his house to attempting to kill Sir Henry the way back from a friendly dinner.This book has many adventures . Sir Henry and Dr. Mortiemier get dogged in London , Watson and Sir Henry chase an escaped convict , and Sir Henry almost gets eaten by a huge hound.This is the perfect book for any day . It is suspensful , exiting , and it puts you on the edge of your seat . This book deserves a five star rating !
 With echoes of Edgar Allan Poe , this 1902 novel continues to delight mystery-lovers . Elegantly written in formal prose , the story focuses on the moor surrounding the ancestral home of Sir Henry Baskerville , an American who has inherited it upon the mysterious death of his uncle Charles . The moor is so treacherous that no one dares venture upon it at night-one step off the path , and the mire will swallow the unfortunate victim.Family legend says that a sadistic Baskerville from the eighteenth century once loosed a huge and ferocious dog in pursuit of a woman who had escaped his clutches , and that she had died of fright when she heard the dog panting behind her on the moor . The lecherous Baskerville , in pursuit , had had his throat torn out by this `` dog from hell . '' The ghostly dog can still be heard howling on the moors , and many believe it was the dog which caused the elderly Sir Charles Baskerville to have his fatal heart attack.In classically Gothic style , the novel features mysterious cries from the moor , foggy nights , an escaped prisoner , signals by candlelight , a butler who knows more than he says , a beautiful woman with a mysterious past , a small boy who carries messages , and someone who spies on the dark and isolated Baskerville Hall . Sherlock Holmes plays a lesser role in this story than he does in most others , remaining in London while Dr. Watson accompanies Sir Henry to his estate as an observer and protector.Holmes , of course , is operating behind the scenes , learning about the activities at Baskerville Hall through the daily accounts which Watson sends him -LRB- and which reveal much of the action to the reader -RRB- . By no means the bumbling character which films have portrayed , Watson offers sensible advice to Sir Henry and shows a keen eye for details of interest to Holmes.Though the prose is often `` purple '' with melodrama and overwrought description , this contributes to the fun of the novel , providing a dramatic counterweight to the extreme logic of Sherlock Holmes , whose late appearance in the novel comes as a carefully timed surprise . The story is intriguing , the mysteries are well developed , the atmosphere is suitably spooky , and the resolution , though not really surprising , is appropriate . Even if the story had not been made into a memorable film with Basil Rathbone , The Hound of the Baskervilles would still be justly famous as Conan Doyle 's best developed mystery , a genuine classic of the genre . Mary Whipple
 When I began the book , I thought it would be slow going because it was written about 100 years ago . I was SO wrong ! I finished the book in a period of less than 24 hours !!! This is an absolutely fabulous book ! Doyle 's use of language is masterful , and you are swept away to the moor with its swamps , jagged cliffs , and massive hills . I can honestly say I was quite spooked as I was reading some of it at night!Since this is the first novel I have ever read by Doyle , I did n't know what to expect . But the twists in the plot and the constant itching to know what was going to happen next had me hooked!I watched the 1959 movie after reading this , and I have to say it was a disgrace . I do n't know if I would be happy seeing any of the versions , only because I do n't know if any of them could even compare to the rich world and language used by Doyle to transport you to Devonshire !! But of course , the book is always better than the movie . : -RRB-
 When Henry Baskerville , the last remaining scion of the family , travels from Canada to England to take up residence in Baskerville Hall after the puzzling violent death of his uncle , Sir Charles , he is immediately greeted with a string of baffling mysteries not the least of which is the legend of an enormous hound residing on the moors in Devon . Dr James Mortimer , family friend to the Baskervilles , engages Holmes and Watson to advise and protect Henry and to resolve the issue of the hound 's existence once and for all . Not one to believe in supernatural phantoms such as this spectral hound from hell endowed with `` blazing eyes and dripping jaws '' , Holmes dispatches Watson to scout out the terrain and place the neighbouring residents under the proverbial magnifying glass - Stapleton , the accomplished entomologist and his beautiful sister , Beryl , who attempts to warn off Henry from taking up residence in the hall ; Frankland , a crotchety busybody with a telescope and his troubled daughter , Laura Lyons , recovering from an ill-advised marriage ; and the Barrymores , long time butler and housekeeper to the Baskerville family , who are clearly carrying a disturbing secret of their own.True to the well-established paradigm of the Holmes canon , Doyle allows Watson to tell the tale with a deliciously full serving of speculation , theorizing based on `` incomplete data '' , emotion , gentlemanly bravado , flowery Victorian atmosphere , elegant dialogue , and extensive detail on the routine of daily living at the turn of the century such as communicating by telegram and traveling by coach . His development of the bleak , dark , gloomy atmosphere of the moor is masterful : `` Over the green squares of the fields and the low curve of a wood there rose in the distance a grey , melancholy hill , with a strange jagged summit , dim and vague in the distance , like some fantastic landscape in a dream . `` An easy one evening read over the comfortable space of a couple of hours , The Hound of the Baskervilles moves swiftly from the traditional cozy opening of Holmes ' Baker Street digs to a resounding climax that is packed with more excitement and action than almost any other story in the entire Holmes litany . Two thumbs up and a five star recommendation to readers of all ages!Paul Weiss
 `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a unique story in the Sherlock Holmes canon -- author Arthur Conan Doyle wrote it in the years between Holmes ' death and his resurrection several years later.But due to public pressure , Doyle brought Holmes and Watson back temporarily for a sort of `` memoir '' tale , a tale of supernatural curses , escaped convicts and ghastly glowing hounds . It suffers a little from a lack of Holmes , but is otherwise a tightly-written , solid little mystery.Sir Charles Baskerville was found dead of a heart attack -- apparently killed by a family curse in the shape of a giant dog . So his pal Dr. Mortimer asks Sherlock Holmes to protect Charles ' heir , Henry Baskerville , who has just arrived in England to claim his estate and inheritance.But even without Holmes , Watson can tell that something is up -- secretive servants , peculiar neighbors , an escaped criminal , a giant quicksand marsh , and the sounds of a dog howling in the night . But Holmes knows that the curse is no supernatural hound -- and that Sir Henry is in danger from a more real kind of ancient enemy . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' stumbles in one area -- the relative lack of Holmes . He 's out of the picture for most of the book , and Watson does plenty of solid detecting on his own . Everybody loves the faithful narrator , but Watson is n't the Great Detective , and the book feels vaguely incomplete without Holmes inspecting clues and giving little hints to Watson.The mystery unfolds at a languid pace , dropping a few red herrings along the way . Doyle pays loving attention to the dangerous , almost surreal Grimpen Mire and the surrounding countryside . But when Holmes comes back onto the scene , the book tightens itself up . All the plot threads rapidly slip into place as the real `` hound '' is uncovered.Holmes ' steel-trap mind is untarnished here , especially when he reveals what he figured out at the end . He 's especially likable in an endearing scene at the beginning , where he educates Watson on deduction . But this is Watson 's turn to shine , since he spends a long time gathering clues and even solving a sub-mystery without any assistance . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a short , satisfying Holmesian mystery , which is only hampered by Holmes ' absence for about half the book . Solid work , and a good introduction to the Holmes series .
 Some proclaim Doyle 's greatest work to be `` The Hound of the Baskervilles . '' And , it may be just that.Set on a British estate , mixing science fictional accounts with old wive 's tales and mythology , it is not a standard tale of urban sleuthing . This involves Holmes outside of London , and working with the `` plebians '' or `` ordinary people '' in his mission to save `` Sir Henry '' from encountering the same fate as his uncle Sir Charles Baskerville.There are tales of adultery , slanting lies and rendevous at late hours of the night in the moor which flanks the estate of Sir Henry . The evenings overlooking the moor are often disturbed by the noisy backdrop of a hound howling , but not the sound of a hound ever heard by anyone before.The moor is dangerously dotted with mires in which a step could mean one 's end . Muddy and deep , the step into such places becomes a trap for the unwary . Hence , the moor includes dangers beyond its sounds , it is a place where young and old should avoid unless they know which places are safe and which are not.An entomologist named Stapleton knows the moor inside and out . He befriends Sir Henry and Watson . He can not meet Sherlock Holmes who must stay in London for other cases . This story follows the day-to-day discoveries of Watson , more than others.In the end , the intertwining of evil that haunts the people in the tiny hamlet becomes staggering and one must wonder - could a village of such small size really have so many people within it keeping such deadly secrets without one of the others -LRB- if not all of the others -RRB- knowing ? Probably not . But , who cares.And , I lastly note that Doyle certainly was more than a mystery writer . His prose rivals Forster or Waugh . For instance , he wrote : `` We looked back on it now ; the slanting rays of a low sun turning the streams into threads of gold and glowing on the red earth new turned by the plough and the broad tangle of the woodlands . . . Now and then we passed a moorland cottage , walled and roofed with stone , with no creeper to break its harsh outline . Suddenly we looked down into a cuplike depression , patched with stunted oaks and firs which had been twisted and bent by the fury of years of storm . `` With prose like that , you only conclude
 Dr. Mortimer appears at 221B Baker Street to elicit the help of the famous Sherlock Holmes . Sir Charles Baskerville is dead , and it is supposed that he died because of a curse on the family . Now , Sir Henry Baskerville is ready to take over for his grandfather , only will he soon suffer the same curse?I 've only had the chance to read one other Sherlock Holmes story -- a short story , whose name I 've long forgotten , where the clever use of a carriage came into play -LRB- by the way , that was one of the only stories I read in high school that I really liked -RRB- . My book club chose this small read for the holiday season and I was pumped , but also nervous . Writings from this era tend to be heavy , very reliant on wordy prose . Could I penetrate the words , figure out the meaning AND finish this deceptively slim book in time for book club?Surprisingly , yes . I was pleased to see that the prose was n't a cripple to the novel . The pace is brisk , yet still somehow descriptive . Sure , there are words that are used oddly to modern readers , a bit of the sentence structure that is odd , but of all the older novels , this is one of the most understandable to the modern reader . Plus , the atmosphere is truly creepy , causing more than a few shivers when I tried to sleep at night.Mysteries tend to focus on the , duh , mystery . Who did it and how , and can our clever detective figure it out ? There is n't much of an emphasis on character -LRB- although for serial mysteries , a detective figure that is interesting and hopefully changing is a big plus -- look at Cornwell 's , Grafton 's , Patterson 's , or any other mystery authors ' main character -RRB- . So I was somewhat expecting the characters -- minus perhaps Holmes and Watson -- to be boring . Again , I was proven wrong . Watson , who I thought would be stupid and boring , was actually really clever -LRB- though not as clever as Holmes , of course -RRB- and very interesting . Dr. Mortimer was a nice guy ; Sir Henry young and spry ; even the ladies were n't stereotypical wimps . The baddie was n't stupidly cliched.As for the mystery itself ... it is good . Not great , but good . There is no pulling the bad guy out of thin air , the mystery follows a logical course . The problem ? I was expecting more -LRB- bad thing , I know -RRB- . I kinda wanted Holmes to be more clever , to reveal the bad guy with some sort of ultimate clever plan that would make me gasp and be in shock that I totally missed whodunnit . But I , sometimes the most dense of readers , was able to clearly see who it was by the final pages . And having Holmes recap was unnecessary . Sure , it tied up some details -LRB- such as who was stalking them , who cut out the message , etc. -RRB- , but overall , it pretty much told me everything I had learned earlier.So I know I probably came in with unrealistic expectations , but I wo n't let that drag down my overall opinion . This was an interesting , engaging novel , and I truly was interested in solving the mystery . I definitely recommend.Brought to you by : * C.S. Light *
 Probably one of the best known and best written of the original A.C. Doyle Sherlock Holmes stories -LRB- that I have read so far -RRB- . This is a great read around Halloween-time as it combines some of the most creative mystery fiction with elements of a horror novel . Usually I can get a pretty good idea about what is going on in a Sherlock Holmes story/novel ... but this one had me guessing the truth until the very end . The story essentially surrounds the mysterious death of one of the last remaining Baskervilles and the spectral hound that is supposedly a curse on the entire family . If I have a complaint about this story it is that the ending was somewhat anti-climactic . But the journey to get there more than makes up for the somewhat vanilla ending .
 If Sherlock Holmes is one of those books I would read over and over again , I would be darned , that 's what I would say to myself some 10 years ago . If you tell me it is about having a go with life , and do the things my mother warns me about
 The Hound of the Baskervilles is a book that I really ca n't criticize at all with any real power behind it . I really enjoyed this book . I started out with several short stories featuring Sherlock Holmes , found them fascinating , and read this . I was n't disappointed . The book is rather short so it kind of still keeps that short story feel . It also has the horrid skill of making the reader almost sick with the unknown . When I read this , I wanted it to end more than most other books I 've read just to find out what was going on . Also , as a horror fan , I can definitely say that this book has horror elements in it . Some scenes are damn creepy and all scenes are completely necessary with no slow or dull moments to let you lose that building tention . Brilliantly told and a book that is a classic to me . And , in the end , there is always an explanation to satisfy the reader and this is a good one indeed .
 Required reading for school , not much reason other than i had to buy it . The vendor was great . A great way to save money .
 More so than many of the Sherlock Holmes ' stories , The Hound of the Baskervilles involves elements of the supernatural
 Before there was CSI and the magic of solving a crime in less than 60 minutes we had Sherlock Holmes . This was always my favorite Sherlock Holmes story and the most scary Holmes book I ever read . Many movies were made from this book , but if you want the real deal , without the interpetations , you have to read the book . Plenty of atmosphere in a Holmes book , with a little imagination you can find yourself knocking on the door at 221B Baker street with a curious matter that needs Mr. Holmes attention.R HemingwayPast Twilight
 This is a book I never expected to like . I have to admit that I sometimes get lost in books with complicated plot lines . My perception of this book was that it might be overly dramatic . I sometimes find books regarded as classics as intimidating . I was very worried that I might get lost in the plot or that the story might be overly dramatic or that I might find the text to be intimidating.I 'm happy to report that none of these things happened . I found this book to be one of the best books I 've read . The plot is clever and unexpected , but easy to follow . The characters are dramatic but also witty and funny . And the text was surprisingly easy to read.Add another tally mark for me for Classics I 've Read and Loved .
 The book arrive much quicker than the time estimated and it was in terrific shape ! There was only one little dog ear on it -LRB- and my guess is that it happened during the trip over to my house ... -RRB- . I love it !
 I had never read a Sherlock Holmes mystery before , nor had I seen a Sherlock Holmes movie . I picked up this book because I like to inject classic pieces into my reading and this had been recommended to me.This did not disappoint ! Although very short - just over 200 pages - this novel has a huge impact . I would say this novel is closer to a thriller/mystery , and it includes a cast of potential villains or heroes , a creepy moor , a spooky house , a mysterious curse , and an overall gothic feel . Even though the language is formal , it is easy to feel engaged and the action sweeps the reader into it.There is an absence of Holmes , which I was not expecting , but it makes his appearances in the book all the more intriguing . I had always thought the character of Dr. Watson was more of a foil or a prop , but he plays a very central figure here and that was interesting.What I truly appreciated in this work is that it is a thinking person 's mystery . I usually avoid mysteries , especially modern mysteries , because they are n't challenging and I usually solve them partway through the book . This novel allowed for clues to be given , almost like a puzzle , to be thought over and contemplated . I very much enjoyed that.I can now say that I look forward to enjoying more Sherlock Holmes mysteries ! I 'm eager to find out how the short stories compare to the novel .
 Published in the beginning of the XX Century , `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' was a huge hit . Sir Arthur Conan Doyle was virtually pressed to write it , because there was so much demand for the character . And even ` under pressure ' he managed to write a very interesting novel , that has became timely and has entertained readers for over a hundred years.Narrated by Sherlock Holmes 's best friend , Mr Watson , `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' is pretty much what its title says . For years a curse frightened the Baskerville family with a huge and deadly hound . Most believe this is a supernatural event , related to the forces of evil . Holmes , on the other hand , who is a very scientific and logic man , refuses to believe in this explanation . At least , until all the logical possibilities are ruled out.The device of picking Dr Watson -- who is an everyman -- as narrator serves to makes us feel closer to the brilliant Holmes . Not only are the readers connected with Watson by his narration , but , mostly because we tend to have the same common sense analyzes of the situation . Therefore , the detective has the advantage of bringing a different light to a problem . Doyle always provides him with more information than we have . It is a kind of cheat , because sometimes Holmes is not really cleverer -- just more informed . But , the book is so much fun that readers do n't really mind being deceived . Moreover , Holmes has a huge ego and it makes him even more fun.One major conflict guides the novel
 This classic work creates amazement to those lucky enough to hear it ... One man handles a full stage of characters with style and panache . . This is a true Holmes and Watson that makes the great work live like never before -- A must to all lovers of Doyles favorite . .
 -LSB- This is a review of the Dover thrift Edition of ` The Hound of the Baskervilles ' -RSB- Dover Thrift Editions have done a lot to get me to read great literature
 Sherlock Holmes is at his best every time you read it , and this newly-published edition is no different . The 2009 edition is well-edited , and well-presented , and the story is timeless . If you have read `` Sherlock Holmes '' in the past , it should take no convincing as to why you should read it again . If you have never read this book , then you need to purchase this today and enjoy the amazing story that the rest of us have been enjoying for years . This novel also makes a fantastic gift for those of our younger generations that have never had the pleasure of enjoying Sherlock Holmes in all of his glory.Please enjoy this book , and share it with your friends and family!Todd HagopianPresident/CEOHagopian InstituteAuthor of the popular `` Quote Junkie '' series , and the newly-published `` Idiom Junkie '' series
 Not being an avid mystery reader -LRB- outside of the Hardy Boys in my youth -RRB- , and never reading a Sherlock Holmes short story or novel , I found `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' a very refreshing book even though it was written in the early 1900 's . Sir Arthur Conan Doyle creates an entertaining story that seems out of place among the novels from that period because `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' reads more like a modern novel . This may be attributed to the fact that it was written as a serial and makes effective use of cliffhangers and foreshadowing to keep the reader engaged.Sherlock Holmes himself is an interesting character . His ego is enormous and his humor , combined with his condescending attitude , was somewhat of a shock to the stuffy analytical character I expected . He was of course methodical and calculating , but would also be inclined to hop `` himself up on coffee and consume an incredible amount of tobacco '' . Watson , who does the heavy lifting of the pair , has to put up with Holmes ' attitude which creates an interesting dynamic . The reader would not have been surprised if Watson suddenly decided to throttle Holmes if he did n't admire him so much . Holmes '' ... loved to dominate and surprise ... I had often suffered under it ... '' says Watson at one point.In the age of CSI and Patricia Cornwell , the mystery itself -LRB- that revolves around a curse upon the Baskerville family who are haunted by a supernatural beast living in the bogs by their estate -RRB- is not as entertaining as it once must have been , but the narrative unfolded nicely , the characters were fun -LRB- and still fresh -RRB- and the ending was resolved nicely . I found the mystery to be smart and fun to read , with great use of settings to create an effective mood . I expect I will need to spend more time with Holmes and Watson in the future .
 ` The Hound of the Baskervilles ' is truly a Holmes classic . It is testament to Arthur Conan Doyle 's immense talent as a writer , that the desolation and solitude of the moors are every bit as entrancing a century after they were written about as they were in his day.It is in the full length novel format that the characters of Holmes and Watson come into their own . The briefer stories can be exciting but their length and pace does n't allow the characters to get into their full stride . Here the writing style is as methodical and effective as the musings of the great detective himself.A great swathe of this book is the reports of Watson who has been left to his own devices by Holmes . However the main player 's absence does nothing to diminish the novel 's impacte . The bleak aspect of the Devon countryside allied to the intricate and bizarre relationships of its residents fuse to make this outing of Holmes a memorable one . Both the surroundings and the vivid descriptions of the hound itself , combine to draw the reader in , in a way that few novels can . ` The Hound of the Baskervilles ' is widely beleived to be one of the greatest of the Sherlock Holmes oeuvre , and indeed the intricacy of the plot development , along with an excellent climax put this novel up there with the best of them .
 A classic of the mystery genre . Sherlock Holmes and his faithful assistant are called in to investigate a seemingly supernatural hound haunting the Baskerville family . The mystery is satisfyingly creepy , without becoming ridiculous or unbelievable . I would complain about the notes in the Penguin Classic edition , though . People who have never read the story before should be careful not to read the notes , as several of them reveal important plot points .
 Hound of the Baskervilles is a wonderfully exciting story . Watson spends a lot of the book without Holmes so there 's a little less pretentiousness than usual . The reading is done very well , though why the English think we Americans speak with such nasal voices I 'll never understand . I highly recommend this audio version .
 Very nice edition of a book everyone sould read when coming from or going to Devonshire . This large print edition is being read nightly - one chapter a night -- by a 95 and 1/2 year old who did indeed just come from Devon .
 As he does with all of his readings of Holmes , David Timson conveys a richness that is not to be surpassed . I used to think that Jeremy Brett playing Holmes in the PBS TV series was the best media representation out there . After to listening many times over to Mr. Timson 's renderings , I no longer have no desire to see the video version . The Naxos Holmes series is a real standout in the world of audio books .
 I have the complete hardbound set of Sherlock Holmes , I have had paper backs of the Hound of the Baskervilles . I wanted a Hardbound copy . I got it and it is so fun . I even purchased the 2 movies - Basil Rathbone , and Granada TV 's Jeremy Brett . Well , it 's a good story , family curse , hound from hell , an old family mansion , deserted moor , and an escaped convict , and Sherlock Holmes and his faithful Watson , add a fireplace , and hot cup of tea or coco and you have your evenings entertainment .
 `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a unique story in the Sherlock Holmes canon -- author Arthur Conan Doyle wrote it in the years between Holmes ' death and his resurrection several years later.But due to public pressure , Doyle brought Holmes and Watson back temporarily for a sort of `` memoir '' tale , a tale of supernatural curses , escaped convicts and ghastly glowing hounds . It suffers a little from a lack of Holmes , but is otherwise a tightly-written , solid little mystery.Sir Charles Baskerville was found dead of a heart attack -- apparently killed by a family curse in the shape of a giant dog . So his pal Dr. Mortimer asks Sherlock Holmes to protect Charles ' heir , Henry Baskerville , who has just arrived in England to claim his estate and inheritance.But even without Holmes , Watson can tell that something is up -- secretive servants , peculiar neighbors , an escaped criminal , a giant quicksand marsh , and the sounds of a dog howling in the night . But Holmes knows that the curse is no supernatural hound -- and that Sir Henry is in danger from a more real kind of ancient enemy . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' stumbles in one area -- the relative lack of Holmes . He 's out of the picture for most of the book , and Watson does plenty of solid detecting on his own . Everybody loves the faithful narrator , but Watson is n't the Great Detective , and the book feels vaguely incomplete without Holmes inspecting clues and giving little hints to Watson.The mystery unfolds at a languid pace , dropping a few red herrings along the way . Doyle pays loving attention to the dangerous , almost surreal Grimpen Mire and the surrounding countryside . But when Holmes comes back onto the scene , the book tightens itself up . All the plot threads rapidly slip into place as the real `` hound '' is uncovered.Holmes ' steel-trap mind is untarnished here , especially when he reveals what he figured out at the end . He 's especially likable in an endearing scene at the beginning , where he educates Watson on deduction . But this is Watson 's turn to shine , since he spends a long time gathering clues and even solving a sub-mystery without any assistance . `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' is a short , satisfying Holmesian mystery , which is only hampered by Holmes ' absence for about half the book . Solid work , and a good introduction to the Holmes series .
 This is really good book I reccomend it
 I understand the concern with finding a correct translation of Senilit&agrave; , but I do not share the opinion that it is a huge problem that the Beryl de Zoete version is translated a bit more `` freely . '' I am writing this after having studied Svevo in the United States and in Italy and having read it in Italian at least three times and in the de Zoete translation twice . This may not make me more of an authority but hopefully will temper the following comments : Essentially , the problem with translating Italo Svevo 's work -LRB- if it is a problem -RRB- is that it was already been translated once from Austrian German thoughts -LRB- Svevo was born Hector Schmitz in Trieste , an Austro-Hungarian port city -RRB- into Italian . When you read Senilit&agrave; -LRB- or its forerunner , Una vita - which is painful to read -RRB- you get an idea of how hypercorrect Svevo 's writing was . This was not by accident , but rather through his desire to write perfectly in Italian . While this makes it an exceptionally easy read in Italian , if you translated it too closely , it would read more like Hemingway than anything else . In translations , I like the de Zoete translation -LRB- Bantam Modern Classics -RRB- because it is a little more fluid.On to the merits of the book , whatever the translation or title , it is a masterpiece of Italian decadentism . The protagonist , Emilio Brentani is the last member of a dying family who must find a way to keep it going . He is getting on in years -LRB- which I guess early in the 20th century was mid-30s -RRB- and this is his last opportunity to do it . The book traces his battle with Angiolina , who is more element of nature than human , and the story takes him through a vortice vitale -LRB- the vortex of his life -RRB- into old age.He carries out this battle against the background of caring for his sick sister Amalia and taking lessons from his libertine friend and sculptor Stefano Balli as they walk along behind the dog catcher . The time frame is Carnevale , the period before la Quaresima -LRB- Lent -RRB- . The basic story is of his farewell to meat -LRB- so to speak -RRB- before the long fast that concludes his life.I think this book makes a great introduction to Svevo and the svevian concept of `` inept '' man , and it is more focused than La coscienza di Zeno . I give it the thumbs-up .
 I do n't think Svevo is an artist that can be ruined or even significantly damaged by a translation , any more than Tolstoy can be messed up by Constance Garnett - it may not be as true to the quality of their prose , but for the most part I think their rare value is communicated as long as the translation is accurate
 But by about a quarter of the way through this novel , I realized that I was mesmerized by it . Emilio 's obsession with Angiolina is less long-winded than Proust 's obsession with Albertine , but the two stories have much in common . They both are about men involved with women from a slightly lower rung of the social caste system . Both women are inveterate liars and both men are adept at fooling themselves . Both stories employ a mixture of emotion and irony . I thought Beryl deZoerte 's translation was serviceable and unobtrusive , which is what a good translation should be . I 'm sure that it 's missing a lot of the subtleties of Italian , but that 's something one has to deal with in any translation . The flow of the words seemed natural and I did n't detect any Britishisms.Svevo is quite adept had economically drawing fully realized characters who have the power to engage the emotions . Emilio -LRB- the man in younger middle-age who naively thinks he 'll have a painless romantic fling -RRB- , his spinster sister Amalia -LRB- whose silent suffering is almost unbearable -RRB- , his artist friend Balli who does not see his own foolishness and Angiolina , the object of his obsession are all riveting characters . I quote my favorite passage in the book : `` She -LSB- Angiolina -RSB- lied obstinately , though she had not really mastered the art of lying . It was easy to make her contradict herself . But when the contradiction had been proved she would return with unruffled brow to her previous assertion , for in her heart of heats she did not really believe in logic . And it was perhaps this simplicity of hers which redeemed her in Emilio 's sight . `` AS A MAN GROWS OLDER is ultimately unexpectedly powerful . This is another outstanding novel I 'd especially recommend to older readers . I think younger people can enjoy the book but it will mean more to the over-40 reader .
 Readers should be aware that this translation , by Beryl de Zoete , is much older , freer , and less accurate than the newer one , published by Yale Nota Bene , translated by Beth Archer Brombert as `` Emilio 's Carnival . '' Do n't be fooled by the classy NYRB edition ; the usually impeccable editors of that series have passed this `` vintage '' translation into print with nary a warning . Of course , older translations may be your thing -LRB- they 're certainly mine much of the time -RRB- but you should know that this edition is n't all it seems . For more information on de Zoete as a translator , see William Weaver 's excellent introduction to his wonderful translation of `` Zeno 's Conscience , '' which nicely dispatches de Zoete 's `` The Confessions of Zeno '' to the dustheap of translation history .
 This is the book whose relative failure made Svevo abandon his literary career for a decade or two until a young Irishman named James Joyce happened upon it while tutoring the then old man in English and realized its greatness . It 's a wonderful story , the one of the future luminary resuscitating the old , broken spirit and it gave me the impetus to even pick up a Svevo book -LRB- that one being The Confessions of Zeno -RRB- . But what is here ? It is a very engaging , very biting , very vivid story , and one that is told with wit , grace and style . But -LRB- and there is usually a but -RRB- it clearly pales against his later masterpiece . If given a choice , I would definitely recommend Zeno over this one , but this is still a truly excellent read . The story of liasons gone awry , psychological musings and other problems of that then new creature , the Modern Neurotic , are the spine of this story , and they provide sturdy support ... even if they get a better treatment in his next book .
 `` It coursed powerful as ever through his veins and annulled whatever resolution his senile mind had made . `` I do n't profess to fully understand the title `` Senility , '' except to say that Svevo reserves a specific meaning for the word beyond normal , everyday usage . The NYRB Zoete translation only uses the word once , and for Emilio Brentani , it refers to a state of mind in which he has just attempted to fool both his best friend and himself into thinking he is no longer infatuated with Angiolina . This `` senility '' is then opposed to `` youth '' or Brentani 's reckless abandonment to his passions . I can only surmise that the title refers to Brentani 's fluctuations between love , indifference , and disgust . For those who enjoy this about Svevo 's characters , there is enough to go around in `` As a Man Grows Older . `` While I have noticed other reviewers claiming this to be Svevo 's master achievement , and somehow a more perfect work of art than `` Zeno 's Conscience , '' I disagree . The first-person narration of Zeno -LRB- simultaneously one of the saddest and funniest characters in literature -RRB- provides an immediacy and consequence that the other novel lacks ; AaMGO mostly depicts character interaction through description , narrated by a rather unremarkable narrator . The prose is not `` flat , '' as another reviewer claims , but often quite workmanlike . There are moments when the prose attempts to reach a higher register , such as Amalia 's scene in the opera house , and Emilio 's closing thoughts of Angiolina , and these are quite lovely , even in translation . However , I felt this novel was missing the unforgiving verisimilitude of ZC , which I sorely missed.Similarly , while the novel does develop its characters , it takes quite a bit of time . I would much rather have spent this time engrossed in their lives , not waiting for them take shape -- especially since the novel is so short . ZC does n't need this buffer , and for the simple reason that Zeno is such an engaging and sympathetic narrator . I believe in both his loving and venomous descriptions of characters -LRB- Ada , Guido -RRB- in a way that I can not fully believe the descriptions in AaMGO ; while at times one feels they are truly living in Zeno 's memories , I can at best only watch Emilio from a short distance , and often then quite disinterestedly.In my opinion , Svevo 's greatest strength is his ability to seamlessly interweave humor and tragedy , which is one of the defining characteristics of ZC ; while there is plenty of tragedy in AaMGO , I found little of it to be actually funny . There was one excellent comic scene near the end of the novel , which I will not spoil , that made me laugh out loud . I reread it a couple of times just to prolong the effect . Unfortunately , these moments were very few . While this novel is indeed more `` focused '' than ZC , my question is , `` Who cares ? '' It has no excuse not to be . ZC is written in the form of a memoir by a very eccentric individual who makes no attempt to write a focused narrative ; AaMGO lacks this fictive lens , and therefore can not really claim tight structure as one of its recommendations -- insofar as this quality supposedly elevates it above Svevo 's later work . One could easily argue that Gaskell 's `` North and South '' is more focused than `` Moby Dick '' or `` The Brothers Karamazov , '' but who would actually argue that it 's a better book?Criticisms aside , this is an engaging novel , and worth the read . I think it misses its chance to drive its tragedy home through less-than-optimal characterization , but that there are enough good qualities here to recommend to fans of Svevo . He 's a brilliant artist , and one whom more American readers should experience . Four stars .
 As A Man Grows Older -LRB- English title given by James Joyce ; the Italian is Senilita -RRB- was the second of only four novels written by the Hector Schmitz , the Italian businessman known to the world now as the Italian writer Italo Svevo . He wrote this and his first book , A Life , in his thirties to little acclaim . But when Schmitz began taking English lessons from Joyce in 1907 , he dared give the 25 year-old budding author the novels to read . Joyce loved them and became a life-long admirer . And in 1923 , Joyce was instrumental in getting Svevo best known work , Zeno 's Conscience , published . It is because of this that we can now read Svevo 's great work.As A Man Grows Older is the story of Emilio Brentani , a thirtyish business man who is obsessed with a young woman named Angiolina . We follow Emilio 's unstable thoughts and feelings as he tries to understand and control his love for her . Anyone 's who 's been in love , especially of the unrequited variety , will recognize most of what goes on in his mind . Emilio is happy when he is with Angiolina , but when he is not , he is often pre-occupied with seeing her again , or jealous from rumors he 's heard about her with other men . And over time , we begin to understand that Angiolina is in fact a liar and unworthy of Emilio 's trust . But , even when it should also be clear to Emilio , he still finds new ways of rationalizing her behavior . He fluctuates between wanting to free himself of this painful love , but then tries to manipulate her into bed or devise some stratagem to see her again . He even pulls the old trick of leaving her in hopes of making her see how much she loves him , only to find himself going back with her . She sleeps with him now , so perhaps his tactics have worked . But the reader will know from very early on in this book that their relationship is an accident waiting to happen.We also hear and see from Stefano Balli , Emilio 's sculptor friend who is successful with women . As such , he counsels Emilio about how to handle Angiolina . But when they go on a double date , Angiolina flirts with Balli , adding to Emilio 's anxiety in a way that never truly heals , and almost comes between the friends . The other main character is Amalia , Emilio 's sister and roomate . She is unbearably lonely and in love with Balli . Emilio 's neglect of Amalia for his obsession of Angiolina leads to the critical event of the book , and will leave most readers heartbroken.Svevo interest in psychoanalysis pervades all his work . Here he is almost clinical in his rendering of Emilio 's thoughts . Yet we care about him , despite his foolishness . There is no plot , yet we are pulled forward with desire to see where events and Emilio will turn next . As such , Svevo 's work fits in a nice spot between the realists and the modernists in its ability to teach and entertain.As A Man Grows Older is considered by some to be a better and more complete work of art than his episodic masterpiece . I agree with that assessment . I felt more satisfied when I put this book down than when I finished Zeno . This novel is wonderful work of art , filled with every emotion imaginable . When we read this , we will remember what it 's like to love , to be anxious about love , and to lose love .
 Emilio , a retiring , cautious insurance clerk with some literary pretensions , decides he needs to broaden the scope of his life . He figures he knows all about love and affairs because he 's read a lot . He decides his `` amour '' shall be the blonde , luscious Angiolina , full of life . He launches on his affair , ignoring the disapproval of his friend , Stefano . Emilio lives alone with his mousy sister , Amalia . A man may grow older , but he does n't often grow wiser . Svevo 's novel , written in 1898 , definitely bears out this observation . Emilio 's love connection goes from bad to worse , fouled up not only by the unfaithful , sluttish behavior of his paramour , but by his own immaturity , lack of worldly experience , and psychological hangups . His casual love affair balloons into an obsession . Meanwhile , sister Amalia falls hopelessly in love with Stefano , who hardly even notices her . Things do not end well.AS A MAN GROWS OLDER , a novel I first read in Southeast Asia 26 years ago and recently read again , may not have a thrilling plot line . It is overwhelmingly a psychological study of lovers and as that , a brilliant piece of writing which has held its power for over a hundred years . The evocations of Trieste , of the society that surrounded the love story is equally excellent . Emilio 's plan to be more or less a casual playboy comes to grief as he is consumed by love and jealousy . It takes him a long time to get Angiolina into bed , which in turn opens up a new page for doubts , regrets , unfulfilled vows , and momentary steadfastness , always undermined by both desire and hatred . The double nature of love affairs -- bringing out both passion and anger , love combined with hesitation , desire for approval , wild swings of emotion and inability to leave -- has never been better described . At the same time , the purely imaginary love of Amalia for Stefano adds a further dimension to this veritable catalogue of realistic romance . Italo Svevo , who died in a car crash back in 1928 , certainly left behind a classic with this novel . It does not seem to be widely read , which is a shame . A gem for anyone interested in a novel of the kind I 've described .
 This review complements a review I posted on the other available translation of this work , published by Yale University Press : Italo Svevo 's novel Senilita is one of the great achievements in the bourgeoning era of early Modernism . It has rightly been credited as a forerunner and influence on James Joyce , and any fan of Flaubert , Chekhov , Proust , or Fontane -LRB- as well as less celebrated figures such as the Yiddish writer Dovid Bergelson or the Brazilian novelist Machado de Assis -RRB- will find much that is familiar , edifying , and entertaining in this intimate and masterfully observed novel . It is a book full of irony and empathy , artful paradox and plain-spoken truth ; it stands half-way between romantic decadence and modernist realism , poised on the cusp of the 19th and the 20th centuries.It is also representative of the most interesting trends in High Modernism precisely because of the self-consciousness of its atttiude toward narrative and language . Svevo , as is well-known from any synopsis of his career , was an Italian Jew brought up primarily in a German-speaking milieu . He is therefore demonstrably and purposefully uncomfortable in his use of Italian -LRB- just as Kafka in Czech-speaking Prague is deliberately not quite at home with German , or many post-colonial authors from Africa or India are fluent writers of English but nonetheless not native speakers of the language -- this disparity is by definition and design a feature of their writing -RRB- . And although there is no explicit reference to Jews or Judaism anywhere in this novel , it is not difficult to extrapolate his anamolous presence as a Jew in Catholic Italy as a motivation for his estranged , alienated , detatched mode of storytelling and social observation.All of these factors account both for what 's interesting about this novel , and what 's difficult about trying to translate it -- starting with the title , which nobody seems to understand or care for . There are two available translations in English
 Very good about passion in a Proustian way . Is marked by country
 After reading Profundis , I was struck by Oscar , his life , times , regrets and the depth of his self-inflicted pain . This book provides the reader with a perspective on the London of Oscars ' time which must be thoroughly understood to glean meaning to his life . Daily life is explored on various social levels as are those contemporary laws and social mores of which Oscar spoke and often debated . This book is a must for those who wish to OBJECTIVELY get beyond Oscar 's sexuality and popularized personnae . A fantastic overview of the London which harbored the young Wilde -- rejected the sexual Wilde -- and ultimately embraced the visionary Wilde .
 Mischievous mice , crazy cats , and other audacious animals traipse through the Happy Jungle and fill it with laughter and wisdom . Bilingual adventures in Spanish and English you wo n't soon forget . Great for children of all ages !
 A brilliant review of the social , psychological and spiritual state of Western culture just before it dived into the cataclysm of WWII .
 This story is basically a satire of war , the military mind and all sorts of government bureaucracy.A team of intelligence operatives from a galatic federation arrives at a planet to prevent the outbreak of war , but they run into obstacles not forseen.Janifer writes very much like Robert Sheckley . If you like Sheckley , you will probably like this novel.Recommended
 A very well designed , produced and written book . Invaluable for those living in this area who want an understanding of someone who made a siginificant contribution in the field of architecture . Only one minor comment , the house at 128 Lake washington Boulevard is not shown as extant .
 This is another fine work by Michael Kudish , who once again demonstrates his unique talent for unearthing every imaginable detail about the subject and doing so in such a way that it is fascinating . . At least for railroad buffs . He has also collected many priceless photos and interviewed numerous individuals who provide details that without Mr. Kudish 's writings , would be lost forever . The many maps are an added bonus . If you are a rail fan ... BUY IT before it goes out of print and it costs you a fortune .
 I began hand-dyeing fabrics for my quilting . I love the vibrant colors and have created many beautiful gradations . However , so far working with the information in my books and on-line classes I was left unable to truly predict my colors , and therefore unable to apply color theory . I bought this book hoping for that information . I got the book today , and have already read and re-read the sections that will help me in that area . I am so excited by the new information I have found here that I wrote this review now , because if her methods work as well as they appear that they will , I will be too busy dyeing to write reviews !!
 I was privileged to see Ruth Issett at work at a stand at the Birmingham Quilt Show last year . What an amazing talented woman . I have her other book Colour on Paper . Anybody who ` plays ' with dye , paints etc should have this book in their library . The book is well presented with great photos , techniques , recipes . A must for anybody involved in textiles .
 This is THE book for those wanting to learn to those well versed in using Procion MX dyes . The author provides an amazing amount of information within the 128 pages of this book . I truly enjoyed the section on how she describes mixing a select few colors of dyes and then producing a large array of color combinations -LRB- color theory -RRB- . Additional info within this great book are
 I absolutely love colors !! I have a real hunger , thirst , and excitement for it -- always have ! This book is full of vibrant color and so are her others . I get very disappointed when I look through a book that 's suppose to inspire me with color but instead I wonder
 COLOUR ON CLOTH
 i have never dyed much ; i tried rit a couple of times & was NOT impressed . however , i have clothing that would just be SO much better if they were slightly darker , or a completely different color , or if they had color embellishments in particular places . i knew rit brand & the like were just not going to give me the flexibility & quality that i needed for what i want to do.after purchasing this book , i immediately read the parts i needed to use & skimmed the rest for future reference.i wanted specifically to know about immersion/vat dying , & then became excited to try painting dye directly onto some pieces i have as well . this author/artist has excellent , common-sense suggestions for beginners -LRB- which i am one of -RRB- , recipes , instructions , tips & a wonderful array of techniques which she explains nicely . i feel like everything i need to know about dying natural fabrics is in this book & i am incredibly pleased to have it . this book is definitely worth having if you feel a need to do artistic coloring with your fabrics & paper .
 This 1964 book is a testament to the individual 's ability to imagine and build one 's own home . It is a book to be inspired by . I read the book while overseas and immediately became convinced that I could build my own home . After retirement , my wife and I did just that , with great success . Do not buy this book thinking that it will provide explicit directions . The engineering is old and often outdated . Read it rather as an evocative tribute to human ingenuity and ability . This should not be your last book on building design , but it might very well be your best first book .
 You know how tradesmen can often tell you the specifics of what they think you should do to a building but not the conceptual basis of those decisions ? This book is very helpful in understanding underlying concerns when you build , like how water travels , and where and when it causes rot and damage . Also how to achieve solar gain and how you lose heat through radiation , convection and ... what was the third ? Oh well , it 's in the book . Also how to plan for ventilation , and how you can use fixed glass . There is even brand new reflective insulation that reputedly works the way Roberts hoped tin foil would work.Besides that , the author writes in a clear and amusing style.I 'm trying to rebuild a cabin made from a travel trailer and a one car garage . Believe it or not , I found this book in the library of the Fashion Institute of Technology in NYC . It has really helped me understand what problems I need to address in order to succeed at this project and to get the most for the money I put into it . The book has even made the heinous crawl space I 'm insulating now more understandable and managable . I love it .
 REX ROBERTS was a mechanical engineer who realized that ifhe wanted to have a home livable and cheap , so he would n'towe the bank all his life , he 1 -RRB- has to choose the right womanfor his wife , and 2 -RRB- engineer his home to eliminate the wastefullbuilding and design practices of the trade . . He excelled in design thought , and failed in use of materials . Hewas , after all , a mechanical engineer in the time of cheap utilities -LRB- gas and oil and electricity - oil was $ 2.00 a barrel -RRB- In reality , in 1964 , any home insulation against heat loss wasconsidered a waste of money.Rex Roberts goosed the thought process of any person who wanted to dosomething for themself . Whole Earth Catalog did the same thing.Rex Roberts was unjustly criticised by another author of alternativedesigns who apparently was crushed under one of his unconventionaldesigns when it collapsed.Rex Robert 's design ideas would work if the owner used friends in tradesto actually build the home . Keep in mind the concept `` AFFORDABLE `` AND THE CONCEPT
 Dr. Napier was my primary Old Testament professor and mentor at Yale Divinity School and `` Come Sweet Death '' comprised some of his imaginative chapel sermons in which he marvelously moves from the Biblical text into our cultural/social arena , applying the truths of Genesis to us . One must have some awareness of the Genesis text and scholarship of Gerhard von Rad and his American disciples , of whom Davie Napier is one ; but Napier goes beyond von Rad in his interpretive skills and possesses unique insights . I use it as a resource text in my university/theological seminary courses . A must for the Biblical interpreter in a time when our sermons and commentaries are so flat and unexciting .
 Knowing virtually nothing about the author , this unique book is going to be particularly hard to review . This is basically poetry of a rather abstract sort , broken up into five sections
 For a few years now , I have been thinking that the sole global superpower situation was very much like the German situation at the end of World War I , or Vienna in July 1919 , when Victor Tausk committed suicide after being dropped from the highest level of psychoanalysis by Freud and his followers after Tausk had served the Austrian army as a psychiatrist , and a monetary mulch of America could follow the pattern described by Keynes in 1923 in his tract on monetary reform . The 1929 publication date of You Ca n't Print That ! by George Seldes marks a big change from boom to bust in the economic thinking of many modern seekers of a viable future . I myself fell as dumb as Minnesota Governor Tim Pawlenty when I try to think of ways that political activity could contribute to some form of economy that will be able to function on very little fossil fuel.You Ca n't Print That ! is very informative about conditions in Germany at the time of the Armistice because George Seldes was in a group of press officers who violated orders and crossed the Armistice line while fights between soldiers and civilians were still breaking out in Germany . Seldes wrote that a German officer who had been shot in the stomach dropped on the feet of Seldes shortly after Seldes had flattened himself on the ground and observed a panorama of flying feet early on the morning he decided to take a train for Luxembourg instead of going to Berlin with the other press officers . Part I -- The War , was exciting for me up to chapter 3 , The Truth About The War at Sea . Once I read `` The enemy did not attempt to save the crews of its sunken destroyers , '' it was too much like the confusion in Athens in the time of Socrates , when sea battles made people want to execute their generals , and I quit reading.Part II -- Italy ends with a chapter on Fascism in 1928 . Part III -- Russia includes The Terror in Russia continues . A few pages on Catholic Trials in Moscow might be worth reading by those who sympathize with one side or the other . I think reports of trials in Russia now are usually about tax evades . When a journalist gets killed now , someone might write that there are still no trials of the killers of many Russian journalists . Part IV -- Arabia has something about `` British Imperialism , '' and a Note On Massacre . Part V -- The Truth about Mexico starts with a Heritage of Hate . The first chapter in Part VI -- The Rest of Europe is called American Ambassadors as Censors.A hundred years can be a long time that nobody remembers , but George Seldes lived a long time and began a book in 1929 with
 As a parent , `` Hands Across the Moon '' took me back to my high school years in a most pleasant way . Like the characters in this book , who must rely on letters to stay connected , my best friend and I bonded through writing -LRB- mostly notes exchanged between classes -RRB- , so reading this novel made it possible to recall how much importance teenagers place on their friendships , how vital those links can be . Now that my daughters are getting older , I hope they 'll gravitate toward books like `` Hands , '' which teaches character and trust in God , but shows clearly that life is never easy and decisions can sometimes overwhelm us . Jane G. Meyer has found that adolescent voice that many of us left behind long ago . Her characters are flawed , yet lovable , just as they should be . The story 's unusual twists keep readers turning the pages . I 'll be looking for more books like this one to share with my daughters and we 'll be keeping our eyes on this author .
 Review by Gigi HoffmanMia and Gretchen are best friends , excited to start their junior year of high school together in sunny California ... until Gretchen and her family move to Ecuador . Gretchen is brokenhearted -- she resents Ecuador , none of her clothes or stuff has arrived yet , and the rest of her family loves it . To makes things worse , she does n't speak any Spanish and is a total outsider at her new school.On the other hand , Mia is bored at home by her typical routine . All she does is go to school , church , the gym -LRB- she 's an Olympic-hopeful gymnast -RRB- , and help out at her mom 's store . Is n't there more to life than that?The two share their struggles , laughs , pain , and experiences through letters to each other , even if they are half a world away.Meyer does a great job of setting up Gretchen and Mia . I felt like I was right there with them while they talked about everything through their letters . If you 've ever had a friend move away and tried to keep in touch through letters , or even if you have n't , check this book out .
 I happen to love books written completely in letter format , so I enjoyed `` Hands Across the Moon . '' It 's the story of two friends who are separated during their junior year because one of them must move to Ecuador with her family . The book documents their year apart through the letters that they use to keep in touch with . I am not so sure everything that happens is COMPLETELY realistic , but it is realistic enough.The only thing I would say that I did n't like was not enough information was given about the characters ' families . There is n't much detail -- but that makes the letters real . At the end of the book , I found myself wondering what happened next.I think it 's worth the read .
 Hello to start with i can say this was a present from my best friend when my dad got transferred from our home country . I started reading this on the way to our dads transferred place . i could say i was literally in tears as it is about two friends who are separated with the same situation as ours . It was really touching . I totally loved the book and i even have it in kindle reading it all the time when i miss my friends . It reminds us of our high school . I 'm not ready to comment on the writing style of the author or anything because this book was just way too over whelming with sentiments that it really dint matter much . This book is something that i would like to be kept treasured . i Hope everyone else who misses their best buddies would feel the same .
 A well-done book showing the trials and joy , and most of all the energy of teenage girls . The use of the letter-witing medium adds to the appeal , making the communications between the two main characters real and immediate .
 Tiana Bighorse is my grandmother 's aunt and the Bighorse of the title is my great-great grandfather . I love this book . It was such a find for me to finally read it . I do not speak Navajo being half Navajo and half Nakota Sioux , so this story was never told to me . And anyway , during short visits to my grandparents no one ever had time to talk this away about our family history . I love it that Noel strove to retain Tiana 's voice . My grandmother , her niece , can not actually speak English as does her aunt , so it was neat to see what she might sound like if she actually did speak the language I do ! All in all a real treasure . True , it does not go into great detail about the horrors of the Long Walk , but I loved some of the nuggets of wisdom she passes down from my long-gone grandfather . One is how he urged , like a modern psychologist that survivors of the Long Walk -LRB- he did not walk it himself , but fought as a guerilla fighter against the Americans -RRB- talk about their pain and losses . So many kept it inside them and it killed them . I also love her message to the young Navajo people about how this Navajo homeland was not `` given '' to us but it was fought for and people died and suffered for . My family now lives in Cameron on the Western side of the reservation , but when I drove across the vast Dinetah , which is the size of Ireland or W. Virginia , it gave me a great feeling of pride to know my family had lived all over that land . From Mt. Taylor , where Bighorse is originally raised , to Navajo Mountain where he lived as a guerilla warrior and finally in the Tuba City area , where my mom 's family live now . The best quote from the book and I am paraphrasing is what Big Horse told her about being a warrior , a warrior is the one who is still walking around , tending to the sick when everyone else is down . This is such a Navajo sentiment . My aunts and uncles are always urging me to stand up , keep moving , wake up early . And implicit in that urging is the belief that we all have the ability to access our inner strengths for the benefit of those we hold dearest to us .
 If you have an hour to two hours , and have any interest in Native American History from an Indian perspective , Tiana 's story of Bighorse is a gem to find ! Short , but sweet , this biography was told out of love , but also told because the the Indian 's perspective of American History is often muted and/or erased . This book definitely keeps their spirit alive !
 This is a pretty good book . The main focus is on the struggle of the Navajo people against the United States government . Tiana Bighorse 's stories about her father that he told her make up this book 's chapters . The stories are interesting and do a good job explaining the Navajo plight . The stories include fighting , running away , terrible atrocities commited by our government , and the struggle of her father and other warriors . On the whole the book is interesting and informative .
 I 've met the author - Tiana Bighorse Butler . Her pride shines through as she tells the stories of her father . Written in Navajo english , the reader is taken into the traditional navajo way of life . Wonderful stories give an honest perspective and a clear understanding of warriors in that point of time . Buy this book !! Compelling reading that you 'll never forget !!
 This book reads just like a story with real life accounts . It 's very entertaining and interesting , but not redundant and textbook-like . I recommend reading it ! It 's short enough to read in one night . It also provides great insight into the Indians and the suffering they had to go through . Great book !
 My copy was destroyed by flood damage , so I had to have a new set . Mine as over 25 years old , but I still use it frequently .
 Excellent 25 set volume of color poster illustrations , maps , and B&W photos in subject order . Cavendish attempts to present an unbiased perspective from SS , Russions , Americans , etc. . He begins with the end of WWI and the developments that led to WWII , and continues to focus on different aspects in each volumn . Many color posters are pictured , graphic maps , illustrations of different weapon vehicles - tanks , airplanes , submarines , uniforms , and much more .
 Though this book is on grammar , it is not that hard . It tries to make the subject simple , fun , and the most important thing , easy to remember.You 'll need to make a review of some grammar , but the book is self-contained to that purpose , and it gives you all necessary tools for the work . These tools will help you to understand how to write and speak better English , and if they were not enough for you , every `` rule '' has examples and these examples , in turn , are explained when needed.The book recognizes English is a changing language , so there are exceptions for some rules , but it shows you the most general exceptions and helps you to decide which road you should take.Nonnative English speakers , beware
 This book took the confusion out of High School English class . Everyone who uses the written English language should invest in this book . It 's easy to understand and fun to read .
 As an English teacher who has worked with community college , adult education , high school , and international students , I recommend this thin , practical book.In less than 200 pages , Grammar for Smart People introduces and reviews the essential grammar points that we should know and sometimes forget . ESL students will also find it clear , direct , and useful . This thin book also contains more real information than many far more expensive , thick , and mandated college textbooks . It 's far superior and cheaper than the vastly over-rated Betty Azar series for English language learners or the many other drill and kill textbooks imposed on too many vocational education and community college students.If you want an affordable , portable , and practical grammar guide , buy this Grammar for Smart People .
 I love this book ! I taught grammar and composition on the college level , and my students paid over $ 80 for a textbook . Had I known about this book , I 'd have had them use it ; and I could have supplemented instruction . It 's a wonderful resource , right next to the thesaurus and dictionary . I know all that information is available on line , but sometimes it 's just not worth the search time when the book is right at hand .
 Barry Tarshis has given us a remarkably well done guidebook to that often complicated language we call `` English '' . It is a priceless helping hand for everyone - students , writers , professionals , and just plain folks . Bravo Mr. Tarshis !
 I use it and recommend it to many of my fellow students that are wading their way through college . Especially great for any international folk ... the English language is a crazy beast .
 My first encounter with Jack Ketchum 's work was reading his novel ` Red ' . A somewhat slim book , I finished reading it in one day . You know if a book is going to be worthwhile usually after the first couple of chapters , and the time spent reading ` Red ' was thoroughly worthwhile . It still remains one of the best pieces of fiction I have encountered , which brings me to ... ` Only Child ' . Like ` Red ' , this novel is fairly slim . But that is as it should be . There is no room for wasted words in Jack 's writing . He gets to the point quickly and effectively , inviting his readers into a nightmare journey - a mixture of fiction and reality . It is exactly this juxtaposition of taboo realism and carefully crafted fictional characters that lends Jack 's writing its uniqueness . He deals with the cruelty and evil inherent in society , bringing such issues to the surface , almost as if he is attempting to release his anger by way of writing.Violence in ` Only Child ' is extreme and , at times , graphically depicted . In this way , the novel can be likened to Richard Laymon 's work . But there is nothing supernatural about this book . Jack 's horror is about the experiences some people suffer everyday of their lives - people who want to escape from their tormentors but are too terrified to take a stand , because of the consequences should they fail . Lydia McCloud , however , does make a stand.Married to the fraudulently good-natured Arthur Danse , Lydia soon discovers his dark side . For Danse does not adhere to the rules of society . Undoubtedly disturbed , Danse believes he is here for a reason ... to ensure that he teaches humankind that both fear and pain are necessary , and that he has been chosen to inflict such pain on anyone who refuses his demands . His disturbing behaviour is not limited to the unfortunate people he encounters outside his family - rather it is Lydia and his young son , Robert , who are most at risk.Jack Ketchum has created two strikingly different characters here . Lydia is imbued with inner strength , a giving nature , and an understanding of what really counts in life . Arthur Danse is cruel , calculating , and possesses a relentless determination to both control and hurt people.The message behind this book is that good can triumph over evil if the victim is able summon enough courage to face their tormentor . ` Only Child ' takes a realistic and accurate view of domestic violence and child abuse . It explores the psychological aspects of such abuse from the viewpoint of both antagonist -LRB- Danse -RRB- and protagonists -LRB- Lydia , Robert , and anyone else who , along the way , dares to question Arthur Danse -RRB- . I once knew a mother and daughter who were subjected to physical and psychological violence and abuse within a domestic environment , and can therefore relate to this story . ` Only Child ' should be remebered alongside Thomas Harris 's ` Silence of the Lambs ' as one of the best psychological thrillers of violence ever written . Jack 's writing is both dark and powerful ; his subject matter disturbing yet insightful . Certainly unforgettable.Along with ` Only Child ' , I reccomend you try other works by Jack Ketchum , especially ` Red ' , ` Road Kill ' -LRB- a.k.a ` Joyride ' -RRB- , ` Offspring ' , ` Off Season ' , ` The Girl Next Door ' , and the phenomenal ' A Right to Life ' .
 I 'd like to deduct a star from this rating ... but it would n't be fair . Based upon the novel Ketchum meant to write -- based upon a true story , it turns out -- it 's hard to criticize a word here . Ketchum is a good writer , and , I believe , wrote exactly the book he intended to . It 's a solid , effective thriller.My only hesitation lies in the expectations I brought to the book . I have n't read a lot of Ketchum 's work , and was excited to leap into this one . I expected a horrific ride , based upon Ketchum 's hard core reputation . And it WAS horrific , but also somewhat restrained , probably owing to Ketchum 's desire to be faithful to his source incidents . Fully half of the novel takes place in a court room -- intense matters are being considered , but the incidents themselves are , for the most part , off-camera . I admire Ketchum 's restraint , but it did n't completely jibe with the `` pull no punches '' reputation I 'd heard about.Also -- with a couple chapters to go , I saw a twist ending coming , and it was a doozy . I was already getting impressed by Ketchum 's clever manipulations . The only trouble is -- it never happened . The real ending was pretty straightforward , again probably owing to the `` real world '' incidents he was documenting . Again , not fair to deduct points for that , but moderately disappointing as a reader.Anyway , the book Ketchum actually did write -- it 's a first rate thriller , and I would recommend it to any fan of the genre .
 I 'll keep this short . I 've read all of Ketchum 's novels . This is , hands down , his best . I 'm confused as to why , as movies have been pitched and produced , this one has n't been considered . I also feel this one deserves a sequel . The previous reviews have said it all , so I do n't want to be redundant .
 Gave this to my husband for Christmas and he loves the book as he is a big Jack Ketchum fan .
 This is , without a doubt , Jack Ketchum 's best book so far . It grabs hold in the beginning and takes the reader on a terrifying ride . There really is n't any more to add to the previous reviewers comments since they 've perfectly described it
 An outstanding read about how MacArthur conducted his staff , and how he conducted the entire war . It is interesting because it included first-hand accounts and how the dealings were conducted during this time . MacArthur 's communications with the various world leaders offers insights into the how the interactions were conducted , as well as background as to who was invloved and why they occurred . For anyone interested in MacArthur , it is an outstanding book .
 `` Seduce Me '' is primarily a book about sexuality between couples . Many couples recall when they were first dating and it seemed that they were constantly touching each other . At time wears on that touching becomes less and less and sexual activity also declines . Author Darcy Cole discusses physiological and psychological factors in this change and how to get back the sexual fire . She notes that it takes very little to get men in the mood for sexual relations but men do n't generally understand what is required to get a woman in the mood . This book details the various factors involved and how they work together to get a woman interested in sex . `` Seduce Me '' is very detailed in its descriptions and provides a wealth of information for those who want to understand the process of female seduction . While many parents would have a big problem with this book being included in a high school library , it is a very appropriate book for those wanting to increase their partner 's sexual desire .
 I learned so much from this book , particularly the scientific explanations as to why women and men react they way they do . For instance , I had no idea how birth control pills or other medications can affect desire for sex , or how types of stress cause hormonal changes that ruin sex drives . I also learned alot about the female psyche and how what is going on in her mind interferes with getting her in the mood . Once you understand the problems , the solutions make alot of sense . I really enjoyed this book and recommend it for any couple wanting to keep the fires burning , whether they need a little spark , or a major overhaul . You can read it quickly , get a comprehensive treatment of the topic , and put the solutions to work in one weekend .
 After reading `` Seduce Me ! How to Ignite Your Partner 's Passion '' , I immediately made arrangements to purchase an initial order of 50 copies for our medical office . Through our patient-centered obstetrics and gynecology practice , we treat thousands of women annually and receive questions and concerns about sexual libido daily.I found this book to be very informative , presenting scientific biochemical data and psychological insights in a manner that any of our patients could easily comprehend.Beyond that , the recommendations offer clear and fun solutions , addressing both sexual and relationship issues . I would estimate that 1 in 4 women I see daily ask me about problems with sexual desire and fulfillment , and I am very pleased to be able to provide `` Seduce Me ! '' to them as an excellent and enjoyable resource .
 Why does he fall asleep on the couch , rather than coming to bed ? Why does she so often have a headache ? What happened to the spark of electricity that was there when you just started seeing each other ? Where is the passion?It is n't really gone . It might be hidden under levels of stress or lost among the maddeningly packed calendar of events , but it can be re-sparked . The key is to look into the whys of the roadblocks to the bedroom . Clear those up and you will be free to proceed down the highway of intimacy again.With a background in health care management and business consulting , it is clear that Darcy Cole is a problem solver who cares about the problem ! Applying scientific research , anecdotal evidence and yes , personal experience to the development of `` Seduce Me ! '' , Darcy has completed a guide that offers advice and clear speaking factual information that answers the many questions we all have . Like `` Why am I not in the mood ? '' and `` How can I get my partner interested in sex again ? `` With understanding of a roadblock we can plan to take a detour . Understanding a reluctance to release inhibitions is the answer to overcoming them . Men will come away knowing what a woman needs to get into the mood and women will understand what makes the male brain tick . You might learn something about yourself too!Darcy clearly explains the differences in male and female arousal systems while providing keen insight to the mental beast as well . The mysteries are explained here . But that 's not all ! Darcy offers some remedies for those situations you have just learned about . She even gives a whole chapter of Seduction Scene Strategies and explains why they work . If all of that is n't enough for you , Ms. Cole offers a generous list of additional resources.This title should be a mandatory gift for every wedding couple , every 50th anniversary and every couple undergoing the mundane tasks of living .
 When I started reading the Seduction Scenes chapter I felt that sexual tingle of excitement ... just by reading it I was turned on ! I thought that part of me was dead . After being married for almost 17 years with two active boys , I find it difficult to take the time to really enjoy sex like we used to do . Lately , it has been nothing but `` quickies '' so that I can sleep ! Both my husband and I are looking forward to experimenting more with the Seduction Scene Strategies and Role Playing . I was telling my girlfriend about the book and she ca n't wait to read it !
 The pages seemed to turn themselves ! One minute I was embarking into Chapter One , and shortly later I found myself turning the last page with a satisfied `` Hmmm ... '' . Seduce Me ! is a book I 'd freely recommend to any couple who wants to restore the `` sugar and spice '' to their relationship . Whether dating , engaged , or involved long-term , Seduce Me ! can help couples retain and renew that `` new love '' passion.I found this book throughly researched and rich with useful information . The host of included role-playing scenes provide an imaginative and provocative spark , sure to have couples racing home from work and eager for `` playtime '' . The text was easy to follow , and was presented in a `` meat and potatoes '' style without the use of flab to merely add pages.It 's clear that Darcy has done her homework . I 'll be keeping this handy and helpful reference nearby.Donald L. HicksUnderstanding the G-Spot and Female Sexuality
 THIS book really helps to explain what is in a woman 's heart and mind . The constant pressure to keep the household running smoothly and taking care of everyone else 's needs leaves little time for my needs . Thank you for writing what I could never explain to my husband .
 Wildside Press claims there is no copyright protection on this book , which has been kept in print since 1956 by the Memorial Foundation of the Germanna Colonies in Virginia , Inc. . Dr. Wayland was a founding trustee of the Germanna Foundation , and donated this work to the Foundation . Copies may be purchased legally from the Germanna Foundation website.Proceeds of book sales help the Foundation finance its preservation and education programs , including new books on Germanna and her families .
 The book Germanna covers the subject very well and makes me want to go exploring in Virginia.I highly reccomend the book .
 I was rarely a lil dissappointed ` cuz I do n't think it 's not that bad b/c the solos that I was getting were alright but I just kept practicing more and more until I got it better.Anyway not ` gon say much ` bout it but I believe its a great book u should enjoy . No bad luck .
 The Pilgrim 's Progress is an absolutely unfrogetable and priceless treasure for anyone to own . Written over 300 years ago , the story continues to offer hope to those in need , and strength for the soul . A great book for anyone , Christian or not , to own .
 John Bunyan 's , `` Pilgrim 's Progress `` has to be one of the most captivating books ever written . This book should be `` required reading '' in today 's school system . From the verybeginning Mr.Bunyan spins the tale of a journey that is most fantastic ! Thur perils unbeliveable he somehow overcomes tremendous odds ofcompleting it . But yet he does andthe rewards are magnificent . A MUSTFOR ANYONE BORN AGAIN !!!!!
 This is a allegorical fantasy , where we in the company of the Pilgrim undertake a wonderful journey to the city beyond the mountains . Many adventures lies ahead of the reader -LRB- especially if you 're kid -RRB- . This is a book that gives hope and joy and whatever you want !! If every kid got his parents to read this as a bedtime story , I 'm sure the streets would be a lot safer . I love it !!
 The version I ordered was ex-library ... . and it contained a lot of annotations and foot-notes showing passages in Scripture to which Bunyan was referring throughout the text , and also notes that I assume Bunyan and the editors wrote to help explain what some of the old language means in modern terms . I found this very helpful ! I do n't know if this is a typical feature found in other print-versions of this book , but I highly recommend it.What a beautiful story , and I learned so much . If you are a believer , you may very well pick up this book and feel that you are reading a book written about yourself . It contains so much wisdom . If you love God 's word you will love this book .
 This book was very fun to read and very spiritually uplifting . I enjoyed it from beginning to end ! It was an excellent choice .
 THE MOST BELOVED BOOK BESIDES THE BIBLE . ANY TRUE CHRISTIAN WILL . AGREE . Excellent book to teach children if all age levels .
 I received the book timely and it was in great shape . The price was very competitive and it made a great gift to a dear friend .
 Pilgrim 's Progress is without a doubt one of the true classics of time -- an allegory that has remained a best seller years after its introduction.My first introduction to Pilgrim 's Progress was as a child in parochial school . I had to do a book report on it in 5th grade and ended up reading numerous times for various projects throughout grade school.The reader follows the main character -- aptly named `` Christian '' -- on his journey to the Celestial City.Along the way , Christian passes through the many trials of life , symbolized by intruiging characters and places along the way . An early temptation is the `` City of Destruction '' , which Christian narrowly escapes with his life . The various characters are perhaps the most fascinating portion of the book -- Pliable , Giant Despair , Talkative , Faithful , Evangelist , and numerous others provide the reader with a continual picture of the various forces at work to distract -LRB- or perhaps , encourage -RRB- Christian on his ultimate mission.Of course , the theology -LRB- for those of the Christian faith -RRB- of Pilgrim 's Progress is a constant source of debate , the book is nonetheless a classic of great English writing.It 's not a quick read -- that 's for sure -- however , I certainly would recommend that one read it in its original form . Do n't distort the beauty of the old English language with a modern translation .
 In this classic work , John Bunyan paints a detailed picture of the Christian life/walk , giving true-to-life insights and experiences . The despair , sorrows , trials and temptations that a believer may face are depicted in an allegorical manner , as well as the hope , joy , and salvation found in Jesus Christ . The main character Christian -LRB- once named Graceless -RRB- sets out on a lifelong journey from the City of Destruction , where his family disowned him , and encounters many persons and difficulties along the way to the Celestial City -LRB- heaven -RRB- . The characters he meets are given names that reflect their mindset or what temptation they bring . At times he stumbles and at times he perseveres , but all by the grace of God . The second portion of the book tells of the conversion and subsequent sojourn of the wife -LRB- Christiana -RRB- and children of Christian . The discussions of Christian in the first part and Christiana and her companions in the second part are very interesting , as they defend their faith and explain their purpose to those they meet along the way . The book is quite different from your ordinary novel , and has many interesting words of wisdom for the Christian life . Readers should be aware that some of the language is antiquated and has unfamiliar usages , so its a little bit of an adjustment to read .
 A letter to Marvin Minsky about this book : I urge you tolook at a remarkable book by the English Puritain John Bunyan -LRB- 1628-1688 -RRB- , `` The Pilgrim 's Progress '' , which is one of the great evangelical Christian classics , though clearly that is not why it interests me and should interest you -LRB- although I AM interested in the puzzle that is the religious sense , which even the irreligious feel , and this book can give remarkable insight into that as well -RRB- . Rather its fascination lies in the pilgrimage it depicts , or in the fact that human traits , vices , virtues , & c are PERSONIFIED as particular individuals who are their living and speaking epitome , and who are encountered along the way in revealing situations.Bunyan 's hero is appropriately named Christian . Someone once wrote that `` Christian 's journey is timeless as he travels from the City of Destruction to the Celestial City , meeting such characters as Pliable , Talkative , Giant Despair , Evangelist , Worldly-Wiseman , Faithful , Ignorance and Hopeful . `` At first this personification is merely amusing , even a bit annoying -LRB- as caricatures or truly stereotypical people can be -RRB- ; but after a while I found myself enthralled because I realized that the effect of this odd literary device was to give unmatched insight into the nature of such traits . The force of the whole thing comes from the fact that one journeys about in - literally INSIDE of - what is both a comprehensive and finite moral and psychological landscape -LRB- a `` psycho-topography '' -RRB- , very much as though one were INSIDE the human mind and your `` Society of the Mind '' was embodied in the set of actors . This is more or less the opposite or an inversion of the ` real world ' of real people , who merely SHARE those attributes or of whom the attributes are merely PIECES ; in `` Pilgrim 's Progress '' , by contrast , the attributes are confined in their occurrence to the actors who are their entire , unique , pure , and active embodiment , and humanness , to be recognized at all , has to be rederived or mentally reconstructed from the essential types.The effect , for me , was something like experiencing a multidimensional scaling map that depicts the space of the set of human personality types , by being injected directly - mentally and bodily - into it by means of virtual reality technology.So Bunyan 's book has something of the interest to a psychologist , neuroscientist , or philosopher that Edwin Abbot 's `` Flatland '' has to a mathematician.I do n't mean to overpraise `` Pilgrim 's Progress '' , of course ; it was written for theological rather than scientific purposes , and has conspicuous limitations for that reason . But its interest to a student of the mind who looks at it at from the right point of view can be profound . - Patrick Gunkel
 I have to admit that I 've never been a fan of Pilgrim 's Progress . Despite the fact that I usually like all sorts of folk art and corny stuff in general , this ham-fisted allegory just seemed too weird -- too kooky.Yet Edward de Souza 's * reading * of the text turns the thing into a work of art . I 'm a voracious consumer of audiobooks , and I have to say that De Souza 's performance for Naxos here is the best I 've ever heard . The dramatic pause -- almost as if perhaps he 's thinking up the name -- just before he tells you the goofy name of each new character , turns what I used to consider the most annoying aspect of the book , into the most charming instead . Bravo.And it 's not just this book . From the opening strains of the fine , authentic 17th century music , you 're at once made to know that Naxos has thankfully brought the art of the audiobook out of the dark ages . I have bought a few Naxos titles and found each more impressive than the last . Great job .
 I just purchased this item . What a delight it is . Large print with many footnotes . This book is a real bargain at this price . You owe it to yourself to add this to your collection .
 This is not a children 's book . This book is relevant to everyone who is a christian and should be read by those who seek a better knowledge of what it is to live a christian life . It is just as true and applicable as it was in the 1600s . Everyone should read this book and learn .
 Is this book a classic or what ? No other book has ever sold as many copies as this one , save one Holy Bible . And there 's no wonder why . It 's timeless . If you do n't mind reading seventeenth century literature , please pick this book up and read it . The first part of the book is an allegory of one Christian on his journey from the City of Destruction to the Celestial City . Forsaking all he knows , all he owns to take a blind leap of faith into the unknown , Christian meets with many trials and tribulations . The second part of the book for me was just as good , as a matter of fact , a bit more touching as I had standing water in my eyes in a few places . I wo n't go into detail what happens in the second part , but it was quite pleasant for me . Who would I recommend it to ? Heck , anyone who likes to read will not waste there time on this one . Just remember , it is written in 17th century old english .
 David Suchet did an excellent job reading for all the characters ! Christian was wonderfully portrayed and the walk through the valley of death was very realistic !!! This story is great on tape ... more interesting than the reading of it . I was able to imagine the scenes better , like Vanity Fair and the time spent with the Giant . I still felt bad for Ignorance by story 's end . His slip into Hell was more vivid in this version . I highly recommend David Suchet 's reading of this endless tale .
 As I walked through the wilderness of this world , I lighted on a certain place where was a Den , and I laid me down in that place to sleep
 Pilgrim 's Progress is an important religious work , and should be read for that reason alone . It can be heavy going at times because of the moralizing and preaching that goes on throughout , but in spite of that there is a pretty good story here . Bunyan does preach and moralize , but he tells a darn good story too . This book is a product of the Protestant Reformation -LRB- published in 1684 -RRB- just after the release of the King James Version of The Bible . The book is a religious and political allegory that symbolizes particular qualities and actions that should form the cornerstone of a Christian 's life . It is a book about the hero Christian 's flight from the City of Destruction to the Celestial City . He meets all kinds of strange and wonderful sights and people along the way and Bunyan does a masterful job of characterization throughout the book .
 We 've read this book to our son and he has really enjoyed it . He does n't yet fully understand everything and we had to stop and explain a lot to him , but it is something that we plan on reading over and over again as our kids continue to grow.I read a review that stated that a main flaw in this book was the lack of one on one relationship with Christ . I can understand what they are saying , but I think what you have to keep in mind is that while we are here on earth and in our day and age we do not physically see Christ . He was once here walking and living on this earth , but He is now in heaven . He uses other means now to maintain a personal relationship with us . For example , we can know Christ through His word and through prayer . Just as in the book , He often also sends other Christians along in our life to help us and encourage us . This book is a good example of a walk of faith . We ca n't see and physically touch Christ right now , but when we are in heaven we WILL see Him just as Bunyan talks about in the book . Christian persevered in his walk without physically seeing Christ and he was rewarded in the end for his faith . For now , how much greater our reward is for those who have not seen Him and yet believed !
 This is a great classic and a must have for any Christian striving to follow Jesus Christ and His Word . Although the Old English is hard to get through at times , it is well worth the effort for the depth of wisdom contained within the pages . It is a great ecouragement and a sober warning of the trials and tribulations we expect to face on the narrow path we 're called to walk .
 It was in new condition and the service was great .
 I have read this book once already and I am reading it agian right now . It is the most inspiring and motivating book that I have ever read . It seems that every time that I am loosing the sight of my spiritual path this book seems to pop up . I love it and recommend to every one , no matter if they are a spiritual person or not .
 This is intended as a review of the Penguin Classics edition of `` The Pilgrim 's Progress , '' edited by Roger Sharrock , which , as of this writing , is still in the Penguin catalogue , and presumably will continue to be available . -LSB- July note
 This book is truly a literary classic ! Although written over 400 years ago , this allegory of the Christian life is still relevant today . It still speaks to incredible depths of the Christian experience , the struggles as well as the joys . You 'll feel the emotion of `` Christian '' as he encouters a number of characters , all named for their particular life experience.I have read this book 4 times in the last 10 years , and plan to again this year . Everytime I pick it up my relationship with God is strengthened . I have also refered to it many times in conversation . What more could you ask for in a book!If you 're not comfortable with the old english , then try a modern language version . Either way you wo n't be disappointed . I guarantee it !
 This is super thick to me . It is pretty simple on surface , and fun to read . But diving into each of the characters and their virtues/vices has kept me up late since I received the book . Lots of personal questioning , lots of views that I had n't considered . I strongly recommend .
 I ca n't pretend to understand the historical milieu from which this book arose , or the theological underpinnings that led to its writing . Instead , I come to the book as a modern and secular reader , trying to learn more about Western thought and literary tradition . Despite its archaic language and sometimes tedious preaching , I found my time well rewarded . The familiar aspects showed me as much as the unfamiliar ones did.Among the unfamiliar ones , I was struck by the pervasiveness of the religious sense in Bunyan 's world . Seemingly ever action was seen in terms defined by religion . It almost appeared as the sole source of light in that world , without which nothing could really be seen , and tinting everything with its own color . Likewise , the literary tool of `` morality play '' naming sounded odd to my modern ear . Writers still use names in many ways , but characters names like Hope , Atheist , or Mr. Money-Love come across as heavy handed . Perhaps that mechanism helped in a semi-literate society , where subtlety of reading could not be counted on ; perhaps it acted as a short-hand , invoking values shared consensually across a fairly homogeneous society.More familiar aspects of the storytelling also struck me , possibly because of their contrast to the ones no longer used in modern writing . Christian 's journey , for example , has been copied repeatedly and in many variations by writers ever since . Not just allegory for seeking , it provides a natural way to expose the protagonist to a series of other characters and challenges , and foreshadows some destination for the story . The `` journey '' has been refined over the years since Bunyan and rarely takes such a central spot in more recent texts , but I enjoyed seeing it in this relatively pure and primitive form.In itself , ` The Pilgrim 's Progress ' holds only slight interest for me . As an historical document , reflecting the religious sense of its time , and as an ancestor of modern writing , I found it fascinating . -- wiredweird
 This book was packaged in a plastic rap which was very nice as I am giving it as a gift to my Pastor and his wife . I trust they will enjoy it for years to come since they have young children and can pass the book through the families to come.Bill McNamaraJacksonville , Fl .
 Well worth the short time it takes to read it . Had heard of this book all my life , but had never read it . Now I know what I was missing . Not that there is anything new here in terms of faith or theology -- there 's not . But the manner in which this story is told is entertaining and captivating , still , after all these years . Truths we have been taught and learned through our life 's experience are here , all told in a most entertaining and enlightening way . It makes one smile , laugh and , at times , touches one 's heart . If it is your first time to read it or your first time in a long time , it 's well worth the read . Well worth it . We 're all pilgrims and we are all traveling through a foreign land ...
 Like an epic Christian equivalent of an Aesop 's fable , Banyan 's timeless classic presents the very heart of Christian theology in a charming and easy-to-understand manner . A must-read for people of all ages , and for Christians of all levels of faith . Highly recommended .
 I have read this book many times , and I never get tired of it . Each time I come across a treasure of truth I did not capture in the previous reading . I have given this book as a gift to five people out of love for them and as a guide for their spiritual purposes . I am disappointed many bookstores do not carry this book , for they are depriving people access of one of the greatest stories ever told .
 This is a wonderfully written and very exciting book . I can defiantly see why it is regarded as `` one of the most significant works of religious English literature '' because of it 's frequent Scripture citations and the way that it stirred my soul . This book is nothing short of magnificent .
 The Pilgrim 's Progress is a wonderful work written by a 17th-century Puritan , John Bunyan , from his cell prison in a trying time of persecution . Rich in Biblical theology , it is the best-known allegory of the Christian 's life . It tells the story of a pilgrim named Christian as he walked a journey from the City of Destruction -LRB- where he lived before his conversion -RRB- to the Celestial City -LRB- an allegory of heaven -RRB- , sharing with us the many challenges , obstacles , comfort , and encouragement Christian encountered in his long journey . This book reminds me that I , too , am walking in a similar spiritual journey as Christian did.When I read of Christian passing through the Valley of Humility and falling into the Swamp of Despondence , I 'm reminded of those times when I , too , was in such a swamp and valley , and how God graciously used those trials to humble , comfort , and rescue me.The Pilgrim 's Progress reminds me and encourages me with the Biblical promise that regardless of what deep valleys I may be in , whatever swamps I fall into , whatever rough roads I tread , whatever rivers to ford , or whichever steep hills I may be climbing in my own life journey ... my Guide is ever watchful , my Deliverer unfailing , and He is indeed faithful in keeping and persevering all of His elect in the faith till they arrive to their final destination at the Celestial City -- that glorious , everlasting City that is so different than the one I 've traveled from and `` built not by the hands of man . '' Every Christian can learn and be encouraged from the Biblical doctrines taught in this story .
 I give this book away every chance i get $ $ $ enough to do so.The first time i read it i was amazed at how i was on this adventure and it was changing the way i thought of things.and how it influenced my dreams was amazing as well ; being that the story is a telling of a dream , made me even more in wonder.than i read it a second time and could not believe the amount of detail that comes out of this little book . if you know your Scriptures you will see them jump off the pages and here they are with visual application.If you do n't know Scripture and find it hard to understand what The Bible is saying , here is a story that puts it in perspective.I love this book and can now understand why it has been so poplular for so many many years.i will read this book again and again as medicine for my soulHigh five for John Bunjan
 This past year in school my class studied `` Pilgrim 's Progress '' . Although it was less enjoyable because we were forced to read it , the book was still good . Studying it in class also helped me interpret the symbolism and archaic language better . Most Christians can probably relate to Pilgrim 's odyssey . Often in my daily life , I 'm involved with people who remind me of characters from the allegory . I reccomend this book to almost anybody on a spiritual journey .
 `` The Pilgrim 's Progress '' is widely known and widely imitated . Perhaps a bit too widely . While the book itself is stunning , having seen , heard , or read so many attempts to imitate it , I found that the original effect of the story was lessened for me.By all means , this book should be read -- it is in itself a great work of literature , and it is a prime example of Puritan thought . Be aware , however , that much of it will seem trite and worn -- not because of anything inherently wrong with Bunyan 's writing -- primarily because we have all heard so many poor imitations that it will be difficult to put them aside.However , this book still warrants a reading for the simple fact that it is a great story ! I shall be re-reading this in the not-too-distant future , hopefully better prepared to dismiss the memories of the imitations and to appreciate the genius of Bunyan 's allegory.Read it !
 I read The Pilgrim 's Progress as a child and recently reread it in order to do a comparative essay on allegorical journeys for my english class . The other book I read for the assignment was Heart of Darkness , by Joseph Conrad , and I found that Bunyan 's novel equaled or exceeded Conrad 's in every way . While Conrad used far more symbolism and allusions , I felt that Bunyan still did a better job of making the reader identify with his character 's journey . The Pilgrim 's Progress is a wonderfully written story that inspires hope and confidence in God to help his people though their own journeys .
 Are you looking for the best version of The Pilgrim 's Progress to give as a gift or have as a family keepsake?The Pilgrim 's Progress -LSB- Large Print -RSB- edition by Master Books is the one you want . -LRB- ISBN-10
 This book is great . I purchased it for a summer class , but it is a great read for anytime . I love the classic look of the hardback cover .
 Received in a very timely manner and I 've been wanting to read this bookfor quite sometime but could n't afford some of the much higher prices with all their extras . This is easy to read and worth buying if you wantto read this much acclaimed story.Should have given 5 stars .
 Enthralling . This book will help every Christian deal with the battles of being a Christian in this life and all the struggles that go with it . It teaches you never to give up even when you feel like you ca n't go on . Life 's struggles are not a new occurrence , but as timeless as human existence itself . It teaches you not to be too concentrated on your struggles , but to look at the great prize which is Heaven and not be distracted or enticed by the struggles of life nor the easy way out . Excellent . It is a must read for every Christian .
 This is such a wonderful and beautiful story , written in Bunyan 's picturesque English ! I highly recommend this to those who love a good story , and those who are new believers .
 I READ THE CHILD 'S VERSION AND FOR A NEW CHRISTIAN IT WAS JUST THE LEVEL FOR ME - I COULD IDENTIFY WITH ALL THE CHARACTERS CHRISTIAN MET AND THE TRIALS HE ENDURED ON HIS WAY TO THE CELESTIAL CITY . THIS IS A WONDERFUL ANALOGY OF THE CHRISTIAN LIFE AND LETS YOU KNOW YOU ARE NOT ALONE IN GETTING THROUGH THIS LIFE AND MAKING IT TO ETERNAL LIFE .
 Struggles against evil forces are not new neither are the ways we combat them . John Bunyan 's allegorical fable about a Christian 's journey through life is both educational and inspirational . It removed me from the `` Castle of Despair '' in my prayer life and Christian walk .
 This book was the most captivating , beautiful allegory of every christian 's walk with God . It explains how we face trials , try to overcome sin , and sometimes fall along the way ; then God 's grace and forgiveness gets us back on the road again . By far , this is one of the best books I have ever read .
 in this book , buyan writes about average everyday things of the 1700s , and about the christian plight of that time . i found it remarkable how truth does not change ' . '
 This book along with Rees Howell 's , The Intercessor will make you truly feel the Holy Spirit inside ... if it does n't , then YOU need to read it again ! For those with the Holy Spirit , may God be with you until our time comes to go home . Enjoy this book from John Bunyan , at his best !
 The Pilgrim 's Progress is a Classic Tale about Christian who travels through life to get to the Promised Land -LRB- Heaven -RRB- . John Bunyan needs no introduction as this is the Second Most read book in the World , the First Being the Bible . The Oxford World Classic Edition seems to be the most accurate Copy of the original Edition , as it is written in the Old English . This Edition has something most copies do not have , that is , the Bible 's Chapters/Verses are in the Margins of each page , refering to that sections readings as they are referenced in the Bible . It is hard to read this in one sitting as the content is beautiful and full , it takes time to take it all in.This is one Book that every Parent should read to their children at some point in there lives . As it helps your children understand how good God is , and is to His Creation , us.A Must read !
 John Bunyan , The Pilgrim 's Progress . Hendrickson Christian Classics . ISBN 156563134X . -LRB- Due to Amazon 's tendency to post reviews of one edition of a book on another edition 's product page , make sure you 're viewing the product page for ISBN 156563134X . -RRB- This review focuses on the edition only , as the Pilgrim 's Progress itself needs no review . The hardcover binding is handsome and tasteful , and looks well on the shelf . The typeface is very readable . It would in fact be a perfect inexpensive edition of a great allegory , if not for two relatively minor flaws.The first is no `` Note on the Text , '' or even the name of an editor -LRB- of this volume ; I believe the series may have a general editor -RRB- . From what edition was this text edited ? What other editions were consulted ? What is the history of the text of the Pilgrim 's Progress ? A Note on the Text would n't have been much trouble , and would have raised this edition up a notch or two.The second is the glossing of words such as `` I trow '' which the unknown editor considers difficult for modern English readers . Glossing should properly be done either with footnotes or in the margins , but in this edition , the glosses are in brackets immediately following the word glossed . E.g. '' ... I trow -LSB- believe -RSB- ... '' I find the procedure annoying ; other readers might find it helpful . And if glosses in brackets make a great work of English literature accessible to more readers , then I suppose the editor is justified.Other than that , it 's an excellent edition . I commend Hendrickson for bringing out their line of `` Christian Classics '' in handsome bindings for very low prices .
 This is a Christian classic that is my favorite of all Christian works , bar none -LRB- except the bible of course -RRB- . Possibly the second most published work outside the bible , it has been highly regarded by many , and was once widely taught in the schools.I wish my school had taught it . I first read this book a year ago , and I feel as if I 've been deprived all my life.Pilgrim 's Progress is written by a mature Christian , with insights that you will not get from anyone other than a mature Christian . Few people are capable of writing such a book.And the book shines with great quotes . Two of my favorites are : What means this ? The Interpreter answered , ` This is Christ , who continually with the oil of grace maintains the work already begun in the heart , by the means of which , notwithstanding what the Devil can do , the souls of his people prove gracious still . AND IN THAT THOU sawest that the man stood behind the wall to maintain the fire , this is to teach thee that it is hard for the tempted to see how this work of grace is maintained in the soul.And this
 In contrast to Dante , Bunyan fills his allegory with real people , not just stereotypes - or even archetypes . Though his characters have names like `` Honest , '' `` Feeble-mind , '' and `` Ignorance , '' they come across as real people given a nickname . The names apply to some extent , of course , but not to the point of making caricatures out of the characters.This volume contains parts I and II of Pilgrim 's progress . The first part concerns the journey of a pilgrim named `` Christian , '' while the second describes the journey of his wife , Christiana . Both start from the City of Destruction and both encounter many of the same obstacles - the Slough of Despond , the Vanity Fair , the Castle Doubt - before reaching the gates of the Celestial City . Other than that , their journeys are rather different , for Christian travels on his own , with a bit of help here and there , and with one or another traveling companion , but his progress is almost entirely his own . Christiana , by contrast , travels as part of an ever growing company , who support one another and who are defended by one or two powerful champions.You never lose sight of the allegory , but this work is not a mere tract . The story itself and the characters entertain - even today .
 This book is essential reading for any Christian who wants to `` fight the good fight '' and to finish the race well . The excellent thing about this book is that it helps to give the big picture of life and what small events that happen in life can mean in the scheme of things . The first book is about about a man named Christian -LRB- you can see that the allegory is n't too hard to understand -RRB- and the things that happen to him after he starts on the journey on the road that leads to Heaven . We see how with each step and misstep along the way Christian has the option of continuing on the road to Heaven or giving up , and that helps us readers to realize that the same thing is true in our own lives . Another thing I really like about this book is how even when Christian totally goes off the path and in the wrong direction , God extends grace to him and he is able to return once again to the road to Heaven . The second book is about Christian 's wife and family , and is also worth a read . One thing to note though , unless you are extremely comfortable reading old English -LRB- which I am not -RRB- , it would be a good idea to get the modern language version instead of the original ; because I read the original and there were several times when I thought about how I probably would prefer a more readable , modern translation . But whichever version you choose , make sure you read this book . It will help you to thoughtfully consider the here and now and also your final destination .
 Everyone should read Pilgrim 's Progress . I read it for the first time last week . It is a book about a journey by the main character , Christian . It will also set you on your own journey through the Bible . John Bunyan writes that his allegory contains `` nothing but sound and honest Gospel strains '' and he includes references to Bible verses on nearly every page . I found it easy to understand Christian 's journey by looking up these verses in my Bible as I came to them . By doing this , Bunyan was giving me fresh guidance because I had not read many of these verses recently . The references also allow me to keep Bunyan accountable for his words by comparing them to Scripture.Reading a book is a journey in itself , especially when it is read along with the Bible . It was also a literal journey for me because I was reading Pilgrim 's Progress while on an airplane . In one sense I was meeting John Bunyan for the first time through his book while at the same time my flight from Los Angeles to London was taking me closer to Bunyan literally . On City Street in London is a cemetery called Bunhill Fields which is full of non-conformist preachers -LRB- Puritans and others who severed their ties from the Anglican church establish by Charles II -RRB- . This is where John Bunyan is buried . Last night when I finished the book I came across a related quote by Charles Spurgeon : Go into Bunhill-fields , and stand by the memorial of John Bunyan , and you will say , `` Ah ! there lies the head that contained the brain which thought out that wondrous dream of the Pilgrim 's Progress from the City of Destruction to the Better land . There lies the finger that wrote those wondrous lines which depict the story of him who came at last to the land Beulah , and waded through the flood , and entered into the celestial city . `` So the day after finishing Pilgrim 's Progress I took Spurgeon 's advice and went into Bunhill Fields to see Bunyan 's tomb -LRB- as well as John Owens -RRB- . It is ironic that a man whose life and thoughts so greatly followed and conformed to the Word of God would receive the reputation of non-conformist . It 's clear from the story where Bunyan 's loyalties lie : Ignorance
 `` The Pilgrim 's Progress '' is a classic Christian text written by John Bunyan . Written in an allegorical format , the two-part story focuses first on `` Christian '' , then on his wife `` Christiana '' and sons . Convicted of their own sinfulness , the characters set out on the journey to salvation at the Heavenly Gate . Characters such as `` Honesty '' , `` Great-Heart '' , and `` Faithful '' aid the pilgrims on their journey , whereas they face trials from the Slough of Despond , Vanity Fair , and the Valley of the Shadow of Death.Getting through the book takes some work , less because of the story and more because of the depth of the allegory . Also , the dialogues between characters regarding salvation and righteousness often require a careful read . However , the story is exceptionally creative and thought-provoking , and the lessons that can be gleaned from it are timeless and worth the effort that needs to be expended . I recommend reading this one at least twice .
 John Bunyan confronts the world head on in his allegory The Pilgrim 's Progress . Using the journey , conversations , actions , and interactions of his main character , Christian , Bunyan draws contrasts between true Christianity and the vast array of opposing philosophies and opinions offered by the rest of the world . Each contrast demonstrates the superiority of Christianity to the perspectives and beliefs of the fallen world.The story is told through the use of a narrative device . That devise is that of the narrator himself recounting his dream in which Christian makes his way to the Celestial City . The device serves to put the action of the story in context as well as a way break up the story into manageable segments . A key phrase often used in service of this device is
 The first time that I encountered Christian and his pilgrimage was as a preface and a family favorite in the book Little Women by Louisa May Alcott . Unfortunately , it was not until twenty-something years later that I actually got around to reading the book itself . If I were you , I would not wait that long.The first part of the current combined book appeared in 1678 . Bunyan , a nonconformist Protestant minister who was imprisoned for preaching without a license , wrote at least the first part of the book in jail . The second part was first published in 1684 . It is likely the most popular allegory ever written , and is still one of the best selling books of all time.What makes it so popular ? The obvious key to its popularity is its simple , crisp style . Even accounting for the language changes between the seventeenth century and now , it is not a struggle to read Progress and it flows well for the modern reader . Although the book is allegory , the characters are full of little realistic details that make them feel quite human . Incidentally , I was reading this book as I was walking some of the old pilgrimage trails of Europe and it was interesting to me how vivid and applicable his version of the pilgrimage experience is . The Slow of Despair rang remarkably true , as did characters such as Talkative and Mr. Worldly Wisdom.The Oxford University Press edition is bound with a scholarly introduction which is , for a change , worth reading . It also came with explanatory notes and a glossary which were helpful for the modern reader who is not familiar with the everyday language of the period .
 Pilgrim 's Progress has been accepted by the world as a classic piece of literature . However , just as Handel 's Messiah is recognised as a magnificent work without people really appreciating the message it brings so Pilgrim 's Progress can suffer from its own fame . Here we have the stories of believers moving towards heaven . They have ups and downs . They suffer pain and experience pleasure . All the time the christian reader is being led forward into experimental practical christian avenues . Despair , doubt , backsliding , the temptations of the world , helps from above and support from others on the Way all make this work so vital and relevant . Both parts , Christian 's journey and Christiana 's are wonderful in their own ways . For the past four years I have preferred the second part . Read it every year at least once . If you must read only one other book next to your Bible let it be this one , -LRB- Or Thomas Watson on All things for Good -RRB- but do read it all . A classic that is beyond review .
 worth the value of the print and binding alone , this edition not only has the Pilgrim 's Progress -LRB- with illustrations -RRB- in large print -LRB- yeah , no glasses ! -RRB- but the OTHER works of this brilliant man , including his last sermon preached!Masterbooks has done us all a wonderful favor . Read the book that Spurgeon read over 100 times in his life . Read it to your children and let them grasp the beauty of the language , and the timelessness of the message.I think there is no other book in the world where the reader takes the place of the primary character and interprets all other characters as people in his own life ... aunts , uncles , friends , former friends , ministers , phoneys , givers , takers , and so on . Read your life story through the brilliant pen of the old tinker from England . No wonder that this was the 2nd most selling book in the English language for generations!Introduce this to your children via DVD , `` Dangerous Journey '' . My kids love to be read to , and to watch the DVD , chapter by chapter . Enjoy ! Thank you to the publishers !
 I love this book . It was written from a jail cell in the 1600s . This version is the original so the text is difficult to read at first but I would not want a watered down modernized version -LRB- which can be purchased -RRB- . I find if I read in chunks it starts to flow nicely . The characters have names like , `` Evangelist '' , `` Piety '' , `` Talkative '' , `` Faith '' , etc. . So you know just where someone is coming from . I have marked up this book with pencil just like I do my scriptures ! It is like reading one long parable in story form ! Cool book . I 'm glad to have found it .
 Every christian household should have this volume to read and share with the famiy . It never fails to bring me to tears when pilgrim falls before the cross and looses the burden of sin . It is a must have for every christian library and the additional insights from Bunyan are a added blessing !! I can not say enough good things ...
 The principles of overcoming the flesh endure from one generation to another as the message of victory in Jesus Christ continues . John Bunyan writes about the form it took in his generation . This classic in Christian and English literature describes the journey Christian takes to the celestial city -- that permanent home of believers in Jesus.In the New Testament we 're told of the war between the flesh and the spirit . Bunyan puts it into the context of his day in this classic work . This book is a genuine encouragement to followers of Jesus in any generation . Overcomers from previous generations can continue to encourage us with legacies of this nature as we tread the path in our generation they successfully made in theirs .
 This audio book has been a joy . It happens to be one of my faviorte things to listen to . All my friends at college know lines from it because I talk about it constantly . The story begins with Christian going on pilgrimage in search of heaven . I would encourage all to get this book . The narrator Edward de Souza is wonderful . The applications John Bunyan makes with the Christian life are so practical and real . As a young person its principles have encouraged me as I go about life 's journey . I 'm reminded of all those who went on pilgrimage , and the reason they continued or left the way . We will find the waters of life deeper or shallower according to our faith in the King of the Place -LRB- Heaven -RRB- . Buy the book . I do n't think you will be disappointed . If you do n't like it , let me know I will take it .
 This book is a true classic . John Bunyan spins a wonderful tale of the spiritual walk to heaven . The language may be a bit hard and it wo n't be that easy of a read , but it is definately worth the while!It is spiritually edifying and also quite captivating.A must read !!!
 My Grandmother proferred this book to me at a very early and immature age in my lifetime . I struggled and persevered with it , using a dictionary to decipher most words longer than 6 letters ! Eventually I came to the end with with a strong determination to face up to my life with the same courage as Christian ! Unfortunately , like Christian , I lost my way , more than once in my later years , lingering in unseemly places , falling into pools of Despondancy , and loosing Hope at one stage . I cant really remember the entire ending to Christian 's journey , but as a man of some years now , and finding life a lot less turbulent and more meaningful , then I graciously look forward to the final part of my journey . Praise be to God . Like the book of JOB , John Bunyan 's Pilgrim 's Progress is impossible to rate with a few stars ! I would suggest that such books should be purchased ` mainly ' unabridged but nevertheless , intelligible to the reader .
 I first read this book in High School and it is one of only two or three books that I have ever re-read . I am making plans right now to read it to my kids -LRB- right after we get through with the Chronicles of Narnia series -RRB- . Though this book is old -LRB- published 1682 -RRB- it is still one of the best descriptions of the Christian life available in either fiction or non-fiction form . The mental image that has stuck with me since the day I first read this book is of Christian coming up on the cross . `` He ran thus till he came at a place somewhat ascending ; and upon that place stood a Cross , and a little below , in the bottom , a sepulchre . So I saw in my dream , that just as Christian came up with the Cross , his burden loosed from off his shoulders , and fell from off his back , and began to tumble , and so continued to do so , till it came to the mouth of the sepulchre , where it fell in , and I saw it no more . Then was Christian glad with a merry heart . He hath given me rest by his sorrow and life by his death . Then he stood still a while , to look and wonder , for it was very surprising to him that the sight of the cross should thus ease him of his burden . '' Unfortunately I have met some who wo n't read this book due to it 's length and archaic language , and this is a great loss for them . Truly this is a book that warms the heart , rekindles our affection for Christ , and provides encouragement for us in our own journey to the Celestial City .
 I read this book about 8 years ago and still have it in memory . I cannnot recollect everything the book said vividly as at now . However , I still recollect what the story entails
 Other than the Bible this book has sold more copies than any other book in history . It is a must read for every person as far as I am concerned and the newer translation makes it simply facinating .
 This book stands alone as one of the most powerful and easily read books of all time . Bunyan 's simple style makes every point clear and without the possibility for misinterpretation . A tale of life and its trials , this book should be read by all .
 I have not read the book as of yet , but just wanted to let people know how substantial this book really is . It is about the size and weight of a large dictionary . While not the best for portability , it is definitely a keepsake or collector type of book . It even has it 's own ribbon style bookmark built in . Ca n't wait to read it .
 One of those books every home needs on the shelf . By the way , read it .
 This Protestant book is a classic . We become John Pilgrim as we make our way back to heaven . The second part tracks the journey of his wife , so we have early Protestant feminism here!Bunyan is quite insightful about the world , and should be lauded for coining the term `` Vanity Fair . `` This book is so inspiritng -- and necessary for understanding C. S. Lewis 's `` Pilgrim 's Regress . ''
 John Bunyon 's classic work . This book should be a `` must read '' for anyone calling Jesus Lord!The book centers around the pilgrammage journey that Christian undergoes , the challanges he faces along the way and what he learns through this journey . Christian 's journey takes him from the City of Destruction to the Celestial City . along the way he encounters such characters as Pliable , Talkative , Giant Despair , Evangelist , Worldly-Wiseman , Faithful , Ignorance and Hopeful.We can see through Bunyan 's book the journey that all Christians undertake and the positive and negatives that are faced alongthe way .
 We were very pleased with the condition , purchasing experience and the timely arrival.Thank you !
 It is often said prophets are never appreciated in their own land , and in the case of Basil Bunting this adage seems particularly apt . Praised by Ezra Pound , whose disciple he was , and feted by the likes of luminaries William Butler Yeats and TS Eliot , his work remained virtually unknown to the outside world until 1966 , when the -LRB- North of England based -RRB- Fulcrum Press brought out Briggflatts , an epic poem drawing on elements of inner autobiography and Northumbrian folklore . Then his career kicked off in earnest , with the result that we are now able to see Bunting for what he is ; a great Modernist poet whose work will undoubtedly last.This edition brings together the majority of Bunting 's work he and his executors saw fit to preserve and is definitive . In it you can treat yourself to the First Book of Odes with its brief verses originally published in various magazines and pamphlets that published the work of poets prepared to make poetry count after the foggy Neo-Romanticism of the Georgians had all but rendered it irrelevant . Alongside is the Second Book of Odes , mainly assembled in 1965 after Bunting , neglected and working on a newspaper in Newcastle England had been rediscovered by counterculture poet Tom Pickard . These poems are brief and lyrical , reinforcing Bunting 's belief that `` poetry is to be heard '' , and are sometimes hard to get into . However , they repay a certain amount of rereading and rapidly become memorable . The same can be said for the `` Overdrafts '' - free verse versions of poets as diverse as Horace , Virgil , Firdosi and Rudaki . Bunting spoke Persian fluently -LRB- he worked in Iran for part of his life -RRB- and his translations are highly accessible.The highpoint of the book , however , must be `` Briggflatts '' . `` Brag , sweet tenor bull/Descant on Rawthey 's madrigal '' . It is described by the poet as `` an autobiography '' , but it communicates on a far deeper level than simply that . Items of myth , music and art are fused ably together , and the effect is of an English Modernist masterpiece rivalling Eliot 's `` The Waste Land '' and Hart Crane 's `` The Bridge '' . The poem experiments with sonata form , as do `` Villon '' and `` The Spoils '' among others.Bunting was Pound 's follower , but he avoided his political excesses and linguistic boasting . He also perhaps managed a higher level of originality , for whilst like Pound and Eliot he was happy to draw on sources , Bunting seems to have weaved his heritage into his work in a way in which the joins are less obvious . His concern was primarily with music , and he had , whilst making it new , to make connections with sound in the manner of the Troubadours or wandering minstrels . His work deserves every new reader it gets.Enjoy
 Anyone who loves Louis Zukofsky and George Oppen must make the acquaintance of their great British contemporary and counterpart , Basil Bunting . I 'll let this great poet describe himself
 This book is an important contribution to the ongoing -LRB- and seemingly never-ending -RRB- debate on the reasons why the U.S. chose to drop two atomic bombs on Japan . The author took it upon himself to clearly determine whether the bomb was militarily necessary - as has been suggested by many U.S. historians writing before J. Samuel Walker - or whether it might have been used for purely political reasons such as intimidating the Soviet Union.The results he comes up with are in many ways quite remarkable . For instance it becomes evident that then president Harry S. Truman was never confronted with the categorical choice between using the bomb and invading the Japanese main islands -LRB- which might have involved heavy U.S. losses -RRB- . Indeed , by the beginning of summer 1945 Japan was believed to be so weak that the war was expected to come to an end before an invasion began , and even if it had been necessary to proceed with an invasion , the resulting casualties were supposed to be much fewer than Truman and his top-level advisers claimed after the war . However , Walker demonstrates rather convincingly that whichever alternatives might have existed , the bomb nevertheless proved to be the best means to win a decisive victory at the lowest cost in American casualties . Taking into account the element of time , one begins to understand how great the temptation must have been for Truman and his cabinet to drop the bombs and thereby finish the war with a clean stroke . Although other reasons , too , played an important part in the ultimate decision , the finding that using the bomb simply provided the president and his advisers with the most convenient measure to end the war is a compelling one and without doubt the book 's most valuable message.J . Samuel Walker has to be applauded for presenting the reader with this highly readable account of the line of reasoning behind the U.S. decision to use atomic bombs against Japan . The book is both concise and completely free of any emotion otherwise detrimental to a scholarly approach to this debate
 One of the most complex , divisive , and nuanced debates in the history of the twentieth century is the decision by U.S. President Harry S. Truman in August 1945 to drop two atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki , Japan , thereby ending World War II . A traditional conception of the decision , indeed the one most often voiced by actors in the decision , was that it was done to speed the end of the war and thereby preserve American lives that might be lost in future combat . The revisionist interpretation , often identified with Gar Alperowitz , argues that the war was almost over and that the Japanese were on the verge of surrender anyway . The reason to drop the bomb , therefore , had little to do with the ending of World War II and was aimed more at impressing and influencing future relations with the Soviet Union . Another interpretation suggests that the use of the atomic bomb had more to do with American racism , and that the U.S. would have refrained from using such a horrific weapon on other Caucasians in Europe . Other scholars condemn the use of such a weapon targeting large populations , including non-combatants , as immoral and obscene . Subsequent historians have argued various permutations of these interpretations and the debate remains far from settled.J . Samuel Walker 's '' ` prompt & utter destruction '
 This book gives a good overview but just that - an overview . The events and circumstances surrounding the use of the A-bomb simply must be addressed in greater depth for one who wishes to become truly knowledgable on the subject . However , its brevity is also a strength in that for one just getting into the subject it serves as a fabulous introduction and for those already familiar with the subject , it sums things up into a nice recap . Contrary to some reviews of the book , the author does n't ever say or even imply that the bomb should not have been dropped . Quite the opposite , he provides compelling reasons why the decision to use the bomb was sound and wise militarily , politically , diplomatically , and morally . Granted , the idea of morally justifying such terrible force in any context seems paradoxical and borders on philosophical absurdity , but the author does an admirable job at least providing relatively sound coherent reasons . So while not the final say , this book would be a good addition due to its brevity , credible research , and arguments which , as a whole , are very sound .
 This is a jewel of a book on the end of World War II . There have been many myths about Truman 's decision to drop the bomb-he even made a brief film explaining how he made the decision , but this clears the air . Truman never actually decided . Everyone involved simply assumed , and correctly so , that once it was completed , it would be used . The author points to many reasons why the atomic bomb should not have been dropped on Japan , most of them valid and discussed previously in historical circles . However , there is a very interesting tidbit about Stalin and some other surprises . It is well worth reading .
 This book was an excellent historical account of the events leading up to the use of the atomic bombs . I now realize that there were a multitude of reasons for and against their use , and a lot of gray in between . The reader is presented the information and forced to make their own opinion on this very controversial event .
 I was confronted in a class with the claim that we dropped the bomb for the purpose of intimidating Russia . Not so , I exclaimed , we did it to prevent massive casualties from a land invasion of Japan ! Well , this book was a real eye-opener . The book showed that neither viewpoint was accurate , but I came away yet confident that the terrible decision had not been irresponsibly nor immorally made .
 I enjoyed reading this book -LRB- kindle version -RRB- since it was a required book for my upper-level college class . It gave me a better understand of the major decision-makers for the use of the atomic bomb . Whether you support Truman 's decision or not , the impact on human history is undeniable . Read this book and make your choice on whether or not Truman needed to use atomic weapons on Japan , or if the war would have ended without the use of them .
 Ideology defined
 My opinion about this book is it joins a long list of similar books that pick out parts of the decisions that were made in 1945 about use of the atomic bomb and criticize U.S. leaders who made decisions under the press of time and circumstance and in dealing with a Japanese military , which totally ran the country . In such a situation , someone like the author of this book -LRB- and there are many others like him -RRB- can go back and question the decision to use the atomic bomb against Japan from the safe distance of more than 50 years . In my review of the handling of the atomic bomb in August , 1945 , with very minor exceptions , the leaders of the United States made the correct decision based on all the facts.uwcharlie
 I thought that this book was very informative in every way . It was precise on everything about the A-Bomb . It was 400 pages of some of the best written material that I have ever read in my life . If you are looking for a book about A-bombs please check out this book because it just might be the best book on A-Bombs you ever read
 Are you looking for a good book on A-Bombs then well this is definitely the book that you have to read . It is informative and interesting in everyway . All the way from the making of the bomb to when it was dropped to now with even stronger bombs . It is a very good book .
 I bought this book for school . . I have not read it yet but it arrived in perfect condition . . Very fast shipping .
 This book is a very well written book . An accident occurs and Rilla runs away , however her heart wo n't let her forget what she has done . I loved this book , Hope Dahle Jordan has a true way with words .
 This book is about a girl called Rilla Martson . While driving , she accidentally bumped into a paperboy called Lyle Abbot . Rilla took him to the hospital and quickly left before anyone got her name . All the newspapers wanted to know who was the misterious person that left Lyle in the hospital . Rilla did not know what to do . If you want to know what happens next , read this book !!! I think that this book was very interesting , suspenful , and fun to read . The characters where described very well , except Rilla . She did not have the attitude and ideas a normal girl her age would . I understand that this book was written in 1967 , but still her ideas and way of being were old fashioned.Another bad thing of the book is that sometimes the author did not explain the story very well . Sometimes it was as if the accident had already happened and suddenly the accident is happening . Even though this happened it was easy to put the things together and understand the book.Anyways , the author described everything very well and it almost felt as if you were there in the story . I would mostly recommend this book to strong readers because of the plot and the conflict . This book will really make you think .
 `` Haunted Summer '' is a great book for young teens and adults , too ! It is a story of self-examination and confusion that must be exposed for the protagonist to survive a life unrealized . I was very surprised by the circumstances , but can understand why Marilla had a choice to make . Read to see why the story is so fascinating . You will learn a lesson about yourself in the process , too .
 A mad scientist teams up with a greedy conglomerate to create an indestructible killing species via recombinant DNA experimentation . They unleash and test these `` Spawn of Hell '' on unsuspecting small town residents . These beings are butt-ugly gruesome , have a real taste for human flesh and there 's an interesting twist in their make-up . Horror fans will be thrilled.The main character , David Hammond , is a down on his luck , 30-something artist still hoping for his big break . He 's a dark but interesting and likeable character , however , his pairing with Anna Braddon hit a real sour note for me . The passages focusing on their relationship brings the story to a complete standstill . Anna , a supermodel no less , just does not exhibit any qualities -LRB- besides her appearance -RRB- that would explain David 's fierce attraction to her . She is a badly drawn character , which prevented me from rating the book as five-star excellent . Otherwise it 's an originally executed , fun , fast read .
 All his horror seems to be tour de forces , and SPAWN OF HELL is no different . The character of David Hammond is far from boring as other reviewers say ; indeed , he 's one of the most realistically drawn characters in any horror novel and is a perfect main protagonist . The depression and bad situation he begins the book in shows that horror can be found in everyday life , not just with mysterious ravenous beasts . His relationship with Anna is well-depicted , growing believably through the course of the novel . As always in a Schoell book , the supporting and even minor characters are well fleshed out , especially Harry London . Frederick Anton , the main human villain , is perhaps a bit two-dimensional , but it works.But oh , what monsters ! Maybe they do n't appear on-page enough for some readers , but I found that keeping them hidden and lurking for much of the action increased their terror , to make them all the more frightening for the times they did jump out . The `` full reveal '' when we finally learn just what they 're made of and what they look like is chillingly done , as is their main rampage , and a close-combat scene between one and David inside a car , while he struggles to keep it from killing Anna or making her lose control of the vehicle , is as intense as it gets.My only complaint is that the ending is a bit abrupt ; the plot is resolved , and then the book ends . No real seeing how the humans react and relax and so on . But that 's only minor.As always , Schoell gets a high recommendation .
 I loved this book as a kid . When I finally found it on here , I ordered it right away !! It is a good book -LRB- but this is not a book review -RRB- . Arrived in good condition , quickly and cheap .
 A lengthy inset section of full-color photographs beautifully illustrates Reptiles And Amphibians Of The Amazon
 This item is too good to list without a description . Here 's the book blurb : Understandably , we pick up any book about the Holocaust with hesitancy and trepidation , but we put down Destined to Survive with gratitude that such a man was willing to share his experiences with us.Israel Cohen is an alumnus of ghettos and concentration camps , but he is also an architect of faith and rebuilding . His spirit could not be broken in Auschwitz , and after the war he became a teacher , supervisor , and role model for young people who were left with nothing but their lives - and the need for someone as devoted and inspiring as this young Gerer chassid from Lodz whose Jewish spark remained alive.Herman Wouk came to know and admire him . As the famous novelist says in his Introduction to this book : `` Israel Cohen 's ... unpretentious account is outstanding for vividness - and most strangely - optimism ... The author paints a telling picture of the way a religious structure gives form and strength to life , and could do so even in Auschwitz ... Israel Cohen is a maggid , a storyteller . `` Destined to Survive '' held my interest throughout . I recommend the book as a declaration of faith that has been tested in hellfire , and as an adventurous personal history wholly Jewish and wholly G-dly . `` More than once , Israel Cohen thought he was a footstep away from the end , but he was destined to survive - to start a new life , raise a proud family , and share his experiences with us . And his experiences are truly a gift , because Cohen is a man with a heart and an unshakeable faith . His moving , hope-filled articles -LRB- some of which are included in this book -RRB- have appeared in religious and secular publications in the United States and Canada , and he has often been called upon to share his experiences with audiences in both these countries .
 American photographer Lauren Greenfield 's recent exhibition is entitled `` Girl Culture '' . The artist 's stunning documentary photographs are prompting comparisons to other female photographers such as Tina Barney and Nan Goldin.Like Barney , also a documentarist of the social realms of contemporary America , Greenfield painstakingly monitors subtle variations of self-representation , made congruent with commonly accepted ideals at the earliest possible stage in a person 's development . The rites Greenfield are watching are those of the common girl . In this way , `` Girl Culture '' presents the opposite of the body-hiding conventions of Barney 's East Coast WASPs . Greenfield focuses on the procedures of preparing and presenting the body in a body-fixated mass culture . `` Girl Just Want to Have Fun '' springs to mind as a disturbing euphemism for living the life of a little girl , an adolescent , or a grown woman in the United States today . Oscillating between overeating , starving , and self-mutilation , these girls become conditioned at an early age -LRB- even as young as four -RRB- by dressing up -LRB- and looking frighteningly grown-up -RRB- in a brutally competitive environment filled with drastic misconceptions of beauty.The radical affirmation of the standardized ideal sometimes results in travesty , such as when we look through the photographer 's eyes at both Las Vegas showgirls and minors wearing too much makeup . Greenfield knows her craft . Her eye is never hurtful or brutally revealing , but instead allows her subjects to present themselves the way they like , the way they live - knowing that the production of the self in front of the camera can be more revealing than any pose the photographer suggests.Beauty , for most of these girls and women , is used as a weapon . It seems to grant self-esteem and acceptance . The outer appearance supports and covers the self simultaneously until the individual is no longer indistinguishable from the masses , until it seems to blend in smoothly . The American body is a body for the masses that results in mass display of the manipulated , operated , augmented body on such ritual occasions as pageants and spring breaks . Greenfield shows the way that these rituals conceal a rigid subtext of pain , suppression , and denial.Remarkable is the sheer absence of men in all of these scenes . With the exception of a spring ritual , in which a group of men hold up a woman like a broken Barbie doll , they are almost invisible . They occupy the women 's fantasies , their longings , their projections . Thus , they are included in every picture that Greenfield takes , with a girl culture unfolding in front of the backdrop of dominant male culture . In this respect , Greenfield 's seemingly objective photography contains a tangiable , important critique . -LRB- Written by Magdalena Kroner -RRB-
 Words can add little to the beauty of these photographs . The introduction and conclusion are utterly unnecessary and frankly are a little preachy , but the essays in the subjects ' own words are fascinating . This is a book one absorbs more than reads .
 A modern classic that should be required fare for anyone seeking insight into contemporary American girlhood . Guaranteed discussion starter .
 I first saw this exhibit at the CCP at the University of Arizona , when I was 18 years old . Since then , I have not been able to erase Greenfield 's images from my mind . Not only are her photographs beautiful and powerful , but the testimonials that go with each photo are heartbreaking . After I saw the exhibit , I had to have the book ... but I did n't end up buying it until years later . I was happy to find that the book has expanded content -- more pictures , longer testimonials , an introduction by JJ Brumburg -LRB- excellent ! -RRB- and an essay written by Lauren Greenfield herself . I highly , highly recommend this book to anyone interested in the psychology and sexuality of America 's female population .
 Girl Cultureby Lauren Greenfield is the print version of her touring photography exhibit which traveled all over the United States , including Arizona where I first saw it in 2002 . It gives us a detailed look at women and girls of all ages and how media shapes female perception of sexuality and body proportions . From fat camps to eating disorder clinics , from beach parties to auditions , Lauren Greenfield captures what it means to be a girl in this contemporary moment . In her final words , she writes , `` The body has become the primary canvas on which girls express their identities , insecurities , ambitions , and struggles . `` A series of images look at the female relationship to breasts , beginning with 15-year old Amber attempting to force her breasts into the full version demanded by popular culture as her friend watches . This photograph is followed by young girls stuffing their shirts to outrageous dimensions in fun . Next , a young woman examines her post operative body after breast implants . This is juxtaposed to a surgeon performing breast augmentation.Before the almighty mirror women are encouraged to position their body , adjust their image , and accentuate with products what time takes away or genetics does not give.13-year-old Hannah describes the importance of preparing daily for school and a big seventh-grade party . She says , `` In our group , people get criticized if you do n't look a certain way . If you have a flaw , then you will be criticized whether you like it or not . `` Self identified as overweight , 13-year-old Lisa explains the importance of consumer culture at her school . She says , `` It 's like everyone has to have a brand name ... People should n't be stereotyped by the way they look . But , unfortunately , that 's the way it is , and you ca n't exactly change that . So you have to live with it . All the time . `` Women and girls feel powerless to change the existing pressure to conform to contemporary ideals of female beauty . However , it 's not just suburban adolescents anxiously attempting to follow the winnowing media generated body , but also those within the industry.Captured on a stroll down New York City while several men assess her , 19-year-old Sarah , a model , rationalizes her career . She says , `` I do n't think my modeling is good for society . I mean , ultimately , what am I doing ? I 'm making a bunch of little girls feel bad about their bodies and go anorexic . I do n't think I 'm doing the world any good , but if the client is offering you ten thousand dollars to do a shoot for the day , are you going to say no ? `` Countless times , Girl Culture reveals the cost of beauty , a price in which women will pay just about anything . Ruby 's Quinceanera -LRB- celebration of her 15th birthday -RRB- is sixteen thousand dollars . For graduation , girls at Cornelia Conley School of the Holy Child wear expensive wedding dresses and carry roses . In Tennessee , May Day ushers in May gowns in bright colors with contrasting bouquets for tradition . Gucci , Versace , and Prada seem normal accessories to prove both status and quality of womanhood.Girl Culture is a collection of one arresting picture after another . With assistance and a cheering crowd , a woman backbends to pantomime oral sex on the anticipating male . Moms primp with their youthful daughters before overflowing counters of cosmetics in nearly identical outfits . Fashion show contestants await judgment . Fat camp attendants await measurements . Children of 3 , 4 , and 5 undulate , re-creating MTV dance steps as they decorate themselves in makeup and heels.Every female reader will be able to find some image that hauntingly echoes their own pursuit of fitting into girl culture . Lauren Greenfield 's Girl Culture is a visual critique of the same magnitude of Naomi Wolf 's The Beauty Myth , Joan Brumberg 's The Body Project , and Jean Kilborn 's Killing Us Softly . However , do n't expect careful analysis or directions on how to interpret these images . Lauren Greenfield skillfully presents images and interviews from those photographed and nothing more . It 's up to the reader to decide what these images say about girls and culture . If your eyes have n't been opened yet , they will be after seeing these images.originally published in Empowerment For Women - Laura Madeline Wiseman , January , 2005
 The stunning photographs of young women , interspersed with a few celebrities , are juxtaposed with essays told in first person by some of the girls themselves . Commenting on topics ranging from exotic dancing to weight-loss camp , competitive swimming to a high-school dance , these ladies are alternately self-assured and searching , confident and struggling to figure out what it means to be a woman in today 's society . The images are important for the glimpse they give into the real thoughts of these girls , and reading them one is reminded of her own childhood and the desperation and exhilaration that is felt from one moment to the next . My one very small complaint is that not all of the girls who have contributed essays are pictured . The ones who are in the photos next to their essays are the most compelling because you are seeing the outward face of the person who just shared her innermost thoughts with you.Anyone interested in women 's studies , photography , or sociology will find this a must-read .
 Thought Provoking and moving . If there are young girls in your life , I would highly recommend this eye-opening photo documentary about the impact culture and media have on our young women .
 If you feel strongly about the issues , like how the media affects young women , then this is probably a book for you . Lauren Greenfield has captured some very powerful photographs .
 Everyone should check out this book . Amazing photographs . The profiles that accompany these pictures are fascinating snippets into these girls lives .
 I loved this book . My only complaint was that the picture on the cover is a bit risque to make this a good coffee table book . Otherwise it was incredibly interesting , heartwarming and sad . If you 're interested in anything from childhood obesity to the effect of sex industries on our culture this is a must read .
 Just looking into the eyes of the girl on the cover , as she attempts in vain to push her chest up and together , creating cleavage that 's not there , I ache for the young women of today . I , too , have done this exact same maneuver -LRB- as a younger girl , staring in the mirror ; now as a 30-year-old , with the help of a Victoria 's Secret push-up ... unless I 'm working the low-cut , Debra Messing look , which rocks , too ! -RRB- The photo on the cover made me buy it ... the stories inside are as mesmerizing as the accompanying pics .
 A must have for all mothers of young daughters . This is the reality and we all need to be aware .
 The photographs taken in this book were wonderful and fun , but the only reason why I gave it a 4 was because it did n't have much variety -LSB- and , to be honest , was a bit clich&eacute; -RSB- . However , I did find the book very interesting and the stories for each photo made it twice as good . I definitely would recommend it .
 With a lens that does n't shy away from the 4 year old in a mini sequined gown , the cheesy backstage of a Las Vegas strip club , a surgical suite during a breast augmentation , or Panama Beach , FL at spring break , Lauren Greenfield 's wide ranging photoessay provides an honest insider 's view of the culture that forges women in the U.S. today . Anyone raising girls , anyone who was a girl , and anyone interested in trying to understand women , should have this book ! What a magnificent find !
 Lauren Greenfield 's photographs from her most recent project , Girl Culture , represents an important return to traditional photography and a break withthe popular , staged work of the past decade . Using a 35mm camera andworking intuitively and spontaneously , Greenfield returns to the basics - picturing that which is important and reorganizing the chaos of the realworld into compelling and complex images that speak to our experiences asemotional beings . This may sound simple , but over the past ten years , photographers have moved far from the traditional approach and into theimaginative fictions of Hollywood films , utilizing elaborate productionscrews and massive digital prints . Greenfield , in a powerful and compellingexhibition and book , brings photography back down to earth , and in doing so , signals a shift in contemporary picture making.Greenfield has spent more than five years photographing young women andgirls , plumbing the zeitgeist for clues about body image , self-esteem , consumerism and sexuality . As you can imagine , the results are not pretty.They are skewed toward the complicated psychological arena whereself-awareness is mixed with victimization . The exhibition and book arequite different experiences due to the fact that the publication includedinterviews with the subjects . For a full appreciation of how vital thiswork is to photography and to womens studies , it is important to see themboth . I found a pervasive sadness to the interviews , wherein women spoke ofthe pressures to be thin , stylish and sexual and then expressed admirationfor these ideals , like an alcoholic who continues drinking , encouragingothers to join in.The exhibition at Stephen Cohen Gallery is immediately remarkable due to theintimate scale of the photographs . The prints range from 11 by 14 inches to16 by 20 inches with only a few being larger . This changes the experienceof the work by drawing the viewers in close to read and interpret theimages . Besides the modest print size , when we get close to thephotographs , we can see the tiny specks of grain and notice that some ofthem are a bit out of focus . This may seem sound like a criticism , butthese imperfections are a refreshing departure from the majority ofcontemporary photography , suggesting the haphazard complexity of real lifeand the mediums dependence on the artists unique vision.Greenfields photographs are well known from major magazines and oftendisplay a biting criticism and acerbic wit . These characteristics are usedmercilessly in some of the images . Lillian , then 18 , shops at Kirna Zabete , New York shows the pretty blonde sitting in an upscale boutique , holding ared shoe . Her mouth hangs open in mid-sentence and its red-lined , ovalshape is echoed in the red , open-toed , ankle-strapped slingback she isholding . Lillian reeks of having too much money and too little taste , andthe photograph is an indictment of her shallowness and vanity . In theinterview , Lillian says she hates being a blonde but claims to be so onlybecause shes an actress . Her awareness of the burden of beauty isoutweighed by her greedy consumerism . Another highly critical image showspornographic film star Taylor Wayne , who , dripping in jewelry , strikes aclich&eacute;d pose , her massive breasts practically bursting from her dress . Shelooks like a parody of herself , more of a mannequin than a real woman.Greenfields tone is more forgiving when she examines subjects who have lesscontrol over their lives . The photographs of kids and teenagers , some atweight-loss camp , exude a compassion that is balanced with the artistscritical eye . Paula , 11 , at weight-loss camp , Catskill , New York isheartbreaking but empowering . Apprehensive of the camera , the pudgy girlwith crimson cheeks turns her body away , clasping her hands in front of herchest defensively . Greenfield photographs her in the shade without a flash , and the soft , cool-cyan light bespeaks the girls vulnerability . Usingwide-angle lens and slightly tilting the camera , she keeps our attention onthe girls face and accents her expression and wide body . The image isgentle but also has the effect of suggesting her inner power and creates anoptimism not seen in the more critical pictures . So too with the image ofJoyce , Elysia and Alison at their friends sixteenth birthday party.Instead of primping or showing off , the three girls embrace and comfort eachother . The picture is so intimate that it reveals an emotional supportsystem so vital to many of the younger women pictured here.The power and importance of Greenfields work arises from its combination ofpoignant subject matter , powerful compositions and framing , and the profoundconnection between the subject and tradition the artist creates through hermasterful technique . The only weakness in the work is the dense contrastbetween shadows and lights in many of the prints which takes away from theiremotional strengths . Greenfield is often referred to as a photojournalist , which understates her importance in the art world . She is certainly notdriven to make pictures just because she is on assignment , but more likelyout of the desire to express her personal vision through relevant subjects.Like Nan Goldin who , in 1987 , showed that there was more to photography thanpostmodern intellectualism , Greenfield takes us away from the monotonous , digitized unreality of so much contemporary fine art photography . In sodoing , she reestablishes the primacy of the individual artists vision inconnecting passion and subject matter .
 They are always blond , it seems , and always thin
 I was walking through a local bookstore when the cover of this book caught my eye , and I was impacted immediately . The cover photo alone evoked a huge number of emotions within me , and I just had to buy the book , though I have never purchased a book of photographs before . I took down the title and author , and ordered this book from Amazon.I am not surprised that this book evoked such strong emotions from the reviewers I 've read on here so far . This is an astonishingly powerful book , and I 've never seen anything like it . The incredibly evocative photographs are often coupled with a monologue by girls/young women . Both the photos and the monologues are exceptional looks deep into the psyches of girls and young women . There are average girls , popular girls , Latina girls , African American girls , girls at weight loss camp , girls at an eating disorder clinic , nude girls lap dancing ... every kind of young woman imaginable . The photos hit me right in the gut ... and I am shocked that I 've never before heard of this author . Sometimes , the photos were disturbing , but only because they probably hit `` too close to home . '' Sometimes , the photos were lovely and peaceful . Sometimes , the photos were shocking and beautiful at the same time.I do n't like to `` tell the whole story '' in my reviews ; I think that completely spoils the surprise element for someone reading a book such as this for the first time . So ... let me just say that this book of photos is well worth the money ; I 'd recommend it to any woman who is well beyond her `` young woman '' years .
 Of course , it is a cliche that every picture tells a story and a picture is worth a thousand word , but `` Girl Culture '' ca n't be described any other way . The pictures so well illustrate the struggles and concerns of today 's teenage girl . The dramatic illustrations and accompanying stories prove just how hard it is to grow up female and maintain a sense of self and high self-esteem . Some of the pictures and stories will break your heart , others will inspire anger and disgust , but over all the emotions evoked by this book are powerful and motivating . This book is a must for understanding the lives of teenage girls .
 When I first saw this book in my photo class , I thought the images were amazing and frightening at the same time , but I did n't read the text with all the pictures . When I bought it for myself , and got to read everything , it gave me even more of a respect for this work . Her snips of these girls lives rattle and amaze you at the same time . I love this book so much , and I think every girl/woman should look at it .
 THE NEW YORKER , November , 2002Sex - its promise and threat - sticks like a second skin to the mostly affluent , mostly teen-age subjects of Greenfield 's dizzying documentation of female rites of passage . In Greenfield 's photos , printed in the supersaturated pinks and blues of a Britney Spears video , girls visit fat camps , endure breast-enhancement surgery , and lie in tanning beds ; they 're self-possessed and awkward in equal measure . Among the photos - which together could easily comprise a leaden -LRB- and rather predictable -RRB- commentary on the excesses of American girlhood - are some startling juxtapositions
 This book visualises `` The Beauty Myth '' -LRB- by Naomi Wolfe -RRB- . I want to be beautiful , who does n't ? But why ? Why do women -LRB- and increasingly men aswell -RRB- have to be beautiful?The pictures presented are both disturbing - in their context - and insightful . For some reason they leave a grim image of women not liking themselves and wanting to be someone else . On the other hand the book also contains pictures and stories of women and girls who are happy to be who they are.Read this book along with `` The beauty Myth '' and you 'll never look at another ` beauty ' - commercial for clothes or cosmetics the same way you did before . Both books are true ` eye-openers ' .
 I just got back from Florence , Italy where my fiance and I came across this amazing exhibition called `` Girl Culture '' at the Forte Belvedere . Along with Gary Winogrand , Nan Goldin and Robert Frank , Lauren Greenfield certainly holds her own both as an artist and as a social commentator . I bought the book and have to say that I was floored by the interviews and additional images not included in the traveling exhibition.Lauren Greenfield is doing some ground-breaking work here , adding a visual layer to an already burgeoning discourse on modern femininity , the influence of the media and the increasingly deteriorating state of body-image in America.The cross-section of characters , ages , races , urban/suburban , school-age , college-age serves to hammer home the ubiquity of this `` girl culture '' experience . The interviews are heart-breaking , the images stark reminders of the dillusion of modern , female self-improvement . It is an inspriational body of work , an important look at our society at this time and place , but most importantly , it is perhaps the most powerful depiction of the 20th Century American female experience that I have ever seen . Bravo !
 This book contains a comprehensive assessment of the North American Free Trade Agreement . Authors from all three countries probe different aspects of the deal ; they provide an overall assessment as well as detaailed examination of some of the critical issues and sectors that will be affected.In addition to assessments of NAFTA from Canada , Mexico , and the United States , the book examines specific issues , namely , the enviroment , agriculture , investment provisions , rules of origin , the trade in automotive goods , dispute settlement , energy , the textile and apparel sector , and the financial sector . -- from book 's back cover
 When Claudia baby sits for the Rodowsky family , She and Shea become friends . they are both not good at spelling . they help each other in spelling . Nut stacey almost ruins Claudia and Stacey 's friendship .
 claudia and shea are both in trouble at school . If they fail one more language test , she may not past the sunject . so what they do is to help each other and that 's where they become friends .
 Claudia baby sits for Shea , a kid who also does n't know how to spell . So what they do is Shea gets to be a teacher and they help each other and become friends !
 Claudia is in trouble at school , if she fails one more test , she 's done for it . Nobody seems to understand how hard it is for Claudia . Unfortunately , Shea is also having with it . Together , they 're gon na show those teachers what it takes !
 We all know about Shakespeare , so a review of his writing is not required . However , I would like to say that the Everyman 's Library series are worth getting . Unlike omnibus editions -LRB- such as the Riverside Shakespeare -RRB- , these are actually portable so you do n't need a table to hold them up while you are reading . The Everyman 's Library series have good hardbindings , are conveniently sized to carry around , and have illuminating and extensive introductions . The typeface used is old , but the letters are large and easily readable -LRB- something that is a concern with some other editions -RRB- . Tragedies , Volume 1 contains
 We all know about Shakespeare , so a review of his writing is not required . However , I would like to say that the Everyman 's Library series are worth getting . Unlike omnibus editions -LRB- such as the Riverside Shakespeare -RRB- , these are actually portable so you do n't need a table to hold them up while you are reading . The Everyman 's Library series have good hardbindings , are conveniently sized to carry around , and have illuminating and extensive introductions . The typeface used is old , but the letters are large and easily readable -LRB- something that is a concern with some other editions -RRB- . Tragedies , Volume 2 contains
 I appreciated reading all the tragedies together like this . There were some that I had read many times before , but others that I had barely read . The Tragedies are what Shakespeare is most noted for , and with good reason . Each of these plays is a masterpiece in its own right , and each of them provides such a wide variety of quotes that we all have heard over and over . That is the most enduring thing about Shakespeare - his mastery of the English language was so great that his words are still remembered today -LRB- almost four centuries since his death -RRB- . Shakespeare has written thirteen tragedies , and I will do individual reviews of three of my particular favourites . The ones that I will further review are `` The Tragedy of Hamlet , Prince of Denmark '' , `` The Tragedy of Macbeth '' and `` The Tragedy of King Lear '' . As much as I enjoy each of these the other ten should not be ignored either . Shakespeare could not keep some comedy out of his famous tragedies , and sometimes it is these comedic scenes that we remember the most . Who can forget the drunken porter in `` Macbeth '' ? It is very difficult for me to pick a favourite out of these thirteen masterpieces , but I think if asked I 'd have to admit to Macbeth . But read them all , they are well worth the time .
 This review is not about the product -- Everyman Tragedies Volume 2 , which is wonderful -- but a warning to use care when purchasing . My first time through , I clicked into the `` New '' options from $ 0.73 , and was directed to several well priced books . The only problem is , they are not the volume advertised on this page . Instead it 's three plays in an unattractive volume from something called Ann Arbor Media . So be careful !
 None of the other reviews here refer to what is actually being offered on this page
 Everybody knows the tale of Romeo and Juliet , but reading the real , written work is another world . It is a different way to think of the story you know . I bought this compilation to read all of Shakespeare 's works and it is truly great . One thing I 'd advise is that you know how to read scripts . This book is written as Shakespeare wrote his plays . Though , every work is prefaced with the characters names and role they play , it can still be a bit difficult to get through because of the way it 's written.Jul . Then , window let day in and let life out.Rom.Farewell , farewell ! one kiss and I 'll descend . -LSB- descendsJul.Art thou gone so ? my lord , my love , my friend!It can become a bit much.I gave it four stars because it has such small font
 The only reason I did n't give this study 5 stars , was that it was n't as challenging for long-time believers as others I 've done . It does a great job of working step by step through the scriptures , though . If you are looking for a study for a group of new believers , this is definately it !!
 We are using this book in our summer Bible study group ... we have found it a very good resource . Thoughtful questions lead to graet discussions .
 This study does a great job of working step by step through the scriptures with a lot of references to back the author 's points . If you are looking for a study for a group of new believers , this is definately it !! The only reason I did n't give this study 5 stars , was that it was n't as challenging for long-time believers as others I 've done .
 As the Library of Congress marks our country 's history as the U.S. 's continual time capsule ; this tome offers a glance into her walls . Beautifully assembled , this keepsake will instill pride in its citizenry . Making selections from myriad possibilities must have been a dire undertaking , but those represented indicate a fair cross-section of time and geography . An excellent tribute to a worthy source !
 This is a fascinating and valuable look at the United States presented with a number of rarely seemed photographs . You will learn something here even if you think you know the whole story of our nation 's 200 + years . The only caveats are a few photos which , while presenting some of the true -LRB- and unfortunate -RRB- incidents of our history , may be too graphic for children -LRB- and some adults ! -RRB- Overall a fine volume worthy of any library .
 Manufacturer 's Guide to Implementing the Theory of Constraints , by Mark Woeppel , is the most practical source for the hands-on , how-to , information and education needed to improve manufacturing companies . I have already implemented some of the ideas in this book - and we have seen real impact on our clients performance AND quality of life .
 There are , today , many good books on the Theory of Constraints , or `` TOC '' . If you are relatively new to TOC , books from authors like Eli Goldratt , Bill Dettmer , Eli Schragenheim , Debra Smith , Lisa Scheinkopf , and many others are `` must reads . `` These books , however , generally focus on explaining the details of TOC . This is necessary . In order to succeed with TOC you have to know what it is and how and why it works.But subject matter knowledge alone is not enough , if you want to actually use TOC in business . You must also have a valid roadmap for implementing it.In my experience , this is where many people fail with TOC . They believe they can `` just wing it '' and so try to implement TOC without having a valid roadmap . The results are all too predictable
 This book is not just for manufacturers , but holds enormous value to any operation . I am impressed by how much practical help is packed into this book . It bridges the gap between a training program or reading books on implementing the Theory of Constraints in Operations and the detailed work that must be done . This book is a must to ensure both a successful and a lasting implementation of Drum , Buffer , Rope and Buffer Management in Operations .
 Mark 's book is an excellent , easy to understand read , which I found extremely helpful.Most books on TOC deal with a lot of theory , or case studies . This is the first book I 've read that goes into incredible detail on how to implement TOC using the author 's years of experience in this field.A must-read if you are plannig to implement TOC .
 Having worked with Mark since 1993 on our TOC implementation and refinement , I can tell you that Dixie Iron Works would have been where we are that much quicker , had this book already been written . A MUST-read for the TOC implementation you want to proceed smoothly and quickly .
 As an APICS member , this was a must . Concise enough , it projected the TOC concepts into applied scenarios so that one can actually measure the value of the theory.There are not many good books on TOC apart from Goldratt 's novels , so buy it .
 Wow ! what a great book ! Non stop adventure , this was better than the first book . I read this in a few days , could not put it down .
 You must read Into the Wilderness first . Fast paced historical adventure with romance , mystery , and great character development . Follows the Bonners in both Early America and Scotland .
 I was n't as taken with this book as I was the first one . While it promised to have a lot of action ; kidnappings , rescues , etc. , it was actually kind of boring . As a recap -LRB- and possible spoiler -RRB- the first book covered Elizabeth , a teacher who came to America and fell in love with outdoors man Nathaniel Bonner . Together they secretly elope so they can restore a piece of land to its rightful owners.We are first taken to Canada where Nathaniel has gone to rescue his father and a Native American friend of his , Otter . Unfortunately he is unsuccessful and ends up locked up with them . They manage to escape , with Elizabeth on the way to help them , but then her newborn twins are kidnapped from them by a devious servant of a relative in Scotland . This uncle wants them to come there so they can claim inheritance and he can keep the land out of the hands of his enemies . They have to enlist the aid of a pirate ship to get their babies back and then deal with all the deviousness of the Carryck relative and try to get back home.The majority of this book was spent on the boat . And honestly , while there are some things that happen on the boat , it certainly did n't warrant as much space in the book as it did . Overly lengthy descriptions actually seemed to take away from the book.Usually Donati is pleasant to read but it this book since they are headed to Scotland , there was a lot of Scottish dialogue . Normally this would intrigue me but I do n't speak Scots and it made the story very hard to follow . I feel like I lost a good bit of the plot that was told through stories from Scottish speakers and I felt a bit lost as a result . I admire her attempt to be linguistically correct but it would have been extremely helpful to include a dictionary if she was going to be that authentic . The rest of the writing , however , was in an enjoyable style and easy to understand . The book was told in the third person.Overall the book was n't bad , but it was n't near as good as the first . I 'll keep reading to find out what happens but I hope the next book is more interesting.Dawn on a Distant ShoreCopyright 200463 pages
 This book is the sequel to Into the Wilderness , which I read late last year and really enjoyed . The story picks up right where it left off with a gripping series of scenes in which Elizabeth gives birth to twins at home on Hidden Wolf with only the help of her ten-year-old step-daughter . Meanwhile Nathaniel is trapped in the village by a blizzard , desperate to get home to his wife , whom he thinks is only having one baby . A good way to draw the reader into the story and what follows does not disappoint
 If you enjoyed the first book , I think that you 'll like this one too . While the setting changes , and I understand that has been off-putting to some people , I felt like the story was still as engaging as before and remained true to the characters . If you 're a Gabaldon fan , there 's a decent chance that you 'll like this series by Donati as a means of filling the time before Gabaldon 's newest ! These are good reads . Smart , well written , historically accurate and comelling characters . Love it !
 I tend to get drawn into epics and this was no exception . This was a good extension to `` Into the Wilderness '' . I enjoyed the characters and feel for the story . The intrigue and constant struggles kept you drawn into their lives ... an overall good book .
 I enjoyed the continuation of Nathaniel & Elizabeth 's story and looking forward to starting the next one . The plot was more twisty and dynamic that the first book and a bit more adventurous , too . I liked the pace much better - - Dontai did not rush to wrap up the story as inthe first book . The main tier of characters are wonderfully engaging - fun to see them develop more throughout DDS .
 This story took me across the pond and into a world of adventure . The love that Nathaniel and Elizabeth have and the family devotion is magic . Thank you Sara for allowing me to live this story .
 I thought this book started off with a bang , however , it seemed to slow considerably once the Bonner 's finally reached Scotland . Then it seemed to drag and I found myself skimming through pages . Also , I found a few too many similarities with the Outlander series ... the `` civilized '' lady falling in love with the `` savage '' , long haired man ... the Scottish dialogue ... the endless amount of adventure ... All in all , I liked this book , however , I think I 'll read a few other books before I move on to `` Lake in the Clouds '' .
 I came upon this book by chance , and was overwhelmingly surprised . It 's been years since I read a historical novel that was so well written . But do yourself a favor , read Into the Wilderness first . I found myself wondering so much about references to things that happened in the first book that I just had to search for it to read . And I was n't disappointed . But I do actually think Dawn on a Distant Shore is better written . There 's so much action , every time you think a matter is resolved , another one pops up right on its heels . It 's like Elizabeth can never catch a break . I am now eagerly awaiting the paperback printing of Lake in The Clouds . I plan to pass these books on as a set , to anyone I know who is into historical novels .
 This sequel to Into the Wilderness was fast paced and adventurous , but somewhow found time for us readers to see a bit more of the characters . -LRB- A deeper view -RRB- I kept turning the pages wanting more , and was rewarded . When all is said and done with this series , this book in paticular will have a special place with me . It 's a delight !
 I have never reviewed a book before but feel compelled to review this one . I waited with baited breath for the sequel to Into the Wilderness and could not be happier with the result of that wait . Dawn on a Distant Shore was a wonderful book that brings back all the characters you know and love from Into the Wilderness and puts them into new and exiting situations . The best part , to me , was to see Hannah growing up . She is so mature and wise for her age . I really loved this book and I am already anticipating the next installment . Keep up the good work Sara Donati !
 This is a striking story on so many levels , that I 'm afraid I 'd exceed my 1000 word limit if I went into all the reasons why . Let me sum up by saying that Sara does not disappoint in telling a fantastic sequel and reacquainting us with Nat and Elizabeth . DDS is full of adventure and shocking plot twists , the dialogue is sincere and superbly done . How one author can manage so many dialects , so many distinct voices is beyond me . There are some wonderful and touching scenes between our favorite characters -LRB- you 'll revisit passages again and again -RRB- , and we 're introduced to several spicy schemers described with such flavor I found myself laughing out loud -LRB- in public places , no less -RRB- . I loved this story and ca n't wait for # 3 !
 I liked this . Better than the first one , I think , although I have to go re-read that one . I especially liked the way the characters are developing into more complex people . The scenes at sea are wonderful , but I have to say that I 'm glad she did n't leave them in Scotland . Too much Scotland these days in love stories . Do n't people realize it 's wet and cold there most of the time ? I 'm looking forward to the next installment back on the ny frontier . Give me mosquitos over scotsmen anyday.I also have a theory about the reviews here that call this book boring -LRB- there are about five of them , I think -RRB- . There are three reasons that come to mind to call this boring
 I very much enjoyed this book -- I thought it was much better then the first one she wrote -LRB- Into the Wilderness -RRB- , as it had much better character development and story line . In the first one , she seemed to be trying to be too much like Diana Gabaldon , but this time around , she seemed more natural . I am looking forward to the next one !
 this book is a demanding read - but it is well worth it . It is very detailed and brings the 18th century alive . I loved the attention to the detail and I surely will keep this and the one before `` Into the Wilderness '' in my library to re-read it again . Love this series ca n't wait for the next one .
 Sara Donati 's first book hooked me in , this book keeps me coming back ! Although different from the 1st , DDS is a fabulous read.I love the strength that Elizabeth shows , that she is willing and capable to do whatever she needs to do for those she loves . She is NOT a wimp ! She loves and protects unconditionally . I also love how her relationship with Nathaniel continues to grow and deepen , and stays so real.So many romance books out there are trashy and jump from one unbelieveable sex scene to another ... if that 's what YOU like , great , but that 's not me . This book has a wonderful story , believeable characters , good dialogue , and Sara 's fabulous writing style . I have already recommended this series to several people .
 What a wonderful , long awaited sequel ! You will not be disappointed on reading the continuing adventures of Nathaniel and Elizabeth ! It is a book you will be unable to put down until the last page has been turned !
 After reading Into The Wilderness a few months ago and falling in love with the characters there , I was delighted to discover that this sequel was about to be published . The characters of Nathaniel and Elizabeth and their relationship with each other is so real and believable . What a love they have ! While I was sorry to see them leave their wilderness for this story , it was a great adventure to follow them across the ocean to Scotland . And I enjoyed the ride immensely . Sara Donati does a wonderful job of describing the world of over a hundred years ago . I love the way actual historical people are sprinkled through her books . It adds even more realism to the story . She had me seeing and feeling it as if I were really there . I am recommending this book to everyone I come across !
 It can be a little slow at times but I have enjoyed this series and fallen in love with many of the characters . I would recommend .
 Can not put it down , just like the rest of the series . Moments of emotion , suspense , happiness and sadness . The story just gets better and better .
 Dawn on a Distant Shore by Sara Donati is the sequel to Into the Wilderness and continues Elizabeth and Nathaniel 's story . It beings in media res with Elizabeth giving birth to her twins . Soon after , she straps them to her back and sets out through the winter to save her husband from being hung as a spy . The tension at the beginning of the novel sets the tone for the entire book . If strapping infants to your back is n't complicated enough , they and their older sister , Hannah , get kidnapped , forcing Elizabeth and Nathaniel to sail across the Atlantic to retrieve them.I liked this book quite a bit better than the first . I found the characters to be much more believable and lovable . There 's still great chemistry between Nathaniel and Elizabeth , but you could really tell how much they love each other . Losing their children solidified that for me . I also loved that there was a sea voyage . I know a lot of people think that part of the book dragged on and on but I ultimately thought it was a great way to flesh out the characters and give them and their personalities time to shine and grow . We learn so much about Hannah and see what kind of woman she 's growing up to be . By the time they reach Scotland , the story really starts to pick up . There 's a bit of politics , family intrigue , and some interesting family history that gives the Bonners a more complete family tree.I have to recommend this series to fans of Diana Gabaldon . Though Donati 's storytelling is n't quite as up-to-par as Gabaldon , she still knows how to tell a great story . It 's solid historical romance .
 The 2nd book , was very good . I preferred the story line in the wilderness of NY , but it was a swashbucklingly good story in itself . I like the characters that where brought in . Just wish kindle made it clearer that these books are part of a series , and which one comes after the other .
 Dawn on a Distant Shore is the second novel in Sara Donati 's Wilderness Series and I recommend to read the first , Into the Wilderness prior to this one as these novels do n't really stand alone.As parents to newborn twins , Nathaniel and Elizabeth Bonner are hoping for some peace and time away from adventures such as they experienced in Into the Wilderness , but there is still the matter of Moncrieff , the Scot , hoping to track down Hawkeye , Nathaniel 's father , as the heir to a piece of land and an earldom in Scotland.When Nathaniel receives the distressing news that his father is imprisoned in a Montreal garrison , he makes the difficult decision to leave and help him . Elizabeth then receives the subsequent news that the attempt did n't go well and Nathaniel is also imprisoned , so she bundles up her children and heads for Montreal where things quickly spiral out of control and everyone underestimates the desperation and stubbornness of Moncrieff with shocking results.I found this book to be quite slow , especially in comparison to Into the Wilderness which I eagerly devoured , and it seems to take a long time to build up to the point where the reader understands the entire plot and the Scottish characters motivations . In this case , I think the book suffered from the change of scenery from New York state and Lake in the Clouds which were so excellently portrayed in the first novel . This book does n't transport you to the frontier but is still an interesting read . I 'm looking forward to continuing the series .
 Always a great shopping experience , correct description , reasonable pricing , very fast mailing , great packaging , just a 5 star review . Thanks , dubon
 This is the 2nd book in a series written by Sara Donati about the settling -LRB- land taken away from Natives -RRB- of Northern NY and Upper Canada . Because I live in this region and have hiked many parts in it , I thoroughly enjoy reading her tale of how this region developed . Of course , a lot is fiction , but history is nicely woven into it . Plan to read the whole 6 books that weave through this story .
 I had read Donati 's series of six Wilderness books and really liked them so I bought this as a gift for my daughter because she had read the first one and liked it . They are long books but never boring . I thought the book would be a larger size , as the soft cover `` Into the Wilderness '' had a bigger cover with a little larger print but the book came quickly , was reasonably priced , and my daughter is happy to receive it . Donati is a really good writer . I only discovered her this year . - Fran
 I finished Into The Wilderness in four days . I just could not put it down . The night that I did finish the book , I went and bought Dawn on a Distant Shore . I must say that I have never been so alive with spirit while reading . Sara Donati lets you live the life of Natanial and Elizabeth . I can not wait until the next book comes out !!!
 I admit , I am a sucker for a happy couple , and the added bonus to this book was a quick look at where Jaime and Claire are . I highly recommend this book to anyone who wants to be taken to another time and place and make new friends . I read both books in this series , and have fallen in love with the characters .
 Sara Donati has become one of my favorite authors . This second novel is every bit as well written as the first one was . Ms. Donati takes you back in time and you enjoy the scenery and adventures . I think that Ms. Donati should be on the best seller list . If you have not read `` Into The Wilderness '' please do yourself a favor and read it ! Then enjoy `` Dawn on a Distant Shore '' . You will not be disappointed .
 I really enjoyed this book . It was like visiting with old friends . The story was exciting - not a sleeper at all . I could relate to the strong emotions shown by the charactors towards their children . I love a good historical novel with an intelligent love story and this series is one of the best . Bring on the next book , Sara !
 I loved the book ! However , it was quite different from Into The Wilderness . Into The Wilderness was an introduction to the people and life in the Endless Forest . This book examined the primal instincts human beings have when protecting their children and loved ones . In this book we get an inside look at Nathanial and Elizabeth 's relationship . Their complete and unconditional acceptance of each other , shines through . As a reader , I could actually feel their need to keep their family and each other safe . Characters such as Aunt Merriweather and Will Spencer are no longer in the background . They become important , lovable and filled with humor . Nathaniel 's daughter Hannah , becomes a very complex and unusual girl . I look forward to watching her grow up into a very interesting woman in the upcoming books . The ending of the book was my favorite part , and left me with a warm feeling and wanting much more . I guess there is no hope for me now that I am addicted to yet another series of historical fiction .
 Wonderful Adventure!What fun , while DDS has a different feel than the previous book , ITW . I found that the story was lot of fun . I carried this book everywhere with me for the 3 days it took me to devour the text . It reminded me of reading DG 's Voyager -LRB- not to be confused with the same as -RRB- ... it was full of adventure , non-stop action , great linguistic touches that made me feel like I was on location . Elizabeth and Nathaniel have their hands full keeping their family together in this chapter of the ITW saga , there are some interesting surprises , new freinds to meet and some heartbreaking moments . I loved it and look forward to the next book with eager anticipation .
 This book is different from Into The Wilderness , but that does n't detract from it 's worth ! From the beginning to the end , the pace is breathless , wild and hectic . This is a chase novel , through and through . Ms. Donati keeps the emotions running high as we travel from New York to Canada to Scotland and the tension does n't let up for a minute . She is able to convey the emotions and nuances of family ties and keep us interested in her characters . She comes up with a spectacular new villain and some protagonists that end up very sympathetically . While I admit I missed Hidden Wolf and the characters there , Ms. Donati has left many dangling threads that are sure to be dealt with in her third novel in the series and we 'll see all these wonderful and not so wonderful people again . I really liked this book . I read it one sitting ... long into the night !
 It 's true that this sequel is different in tone than the first book , but I like the fact that the author does n't repeat herself . Great sailing detail , exciting to the last page .
 DAWN ON A DISTANT SHORE is an interesting read - I strongly suggest that INTO THE WILDERNESS be read FIRST . It will clarify the many , many characters Ms. Donati as used to tell the story . A big plus is the time and place the novel is set in . I look forward to her next book !
 This sequel to INTO THE WILDERNESS is certainly a book any historical novel reader will want to read . I strongly suggest reading iNTO THE WILDERNESS first . It will make the reader better acquainted with the Bonner family , and other characters !
 I found `` Dawn on a Distant Shore '' to be colorful and also a look into how life was in the late 1700 's in America and Ireland . It continued with the lifes of the Bonner family and close friends and brought back some characters from the past that added more intrigue . I read through it quickly because I could n't put it down . Start reading yours and you 'll see what I mean .
 Sara has done it again . She 's brought back the same chemistry of Elizabeth and Nathaniel from `` Into the Wilderness . '' Against the backdrop of new places and new adventures , the story is wonderful . Sara has a wonderful way with words , making it feel as if we were right there along for the ride.The love and passion of Elizabeth and Nathaniel is once again alive and full . As they are separated , you can feel your heart pulling for their safety and reunion right along with them . I am anxiously waiting for the next release in this wonderful series , and wish to see Sara recieve a place on the bestseller 's list for her masterpieces .
 This is a satisfying adventure/romance novel and a worthy successor to Into the Wilderness . However , I agree with another reviewer who says that Nathaniel and Elizabeth deserve a little peace and stability at some point . This novel runs along at breakneck speed , and some of the beautiful intensity of `` place '' that made Into the Wilderness so lovely is lost here . I hope that Sarah Donati returns to the roots of her series in her next book . She has a lot ot offer .
 When I had read Into the Wilderness I went out to the library immediatly and got Dawn on a Distant Shore . Sara Donati makes the characters in the book seem so real . I felt like I was part of the book . I felt their pain , joy , and worry with them along the way . I ca n't wait till the next book comes out so I can meet up with my friends again , and go along the new journey ! This is the best book anyone could ever read !
 This sequel to Into the Wilderness is an excellent read ; a high caliber novel comparable only to author 's like Diana Gabaldon . The story of Nathanial and Elizabeth continues , taking you from the remote wilderness of upstate New York , to the harsh and volatile lanscape of the Scottish highlands . Well written , and well researched , I highly reccommend this book .
 The story was a bit on the long side , but was entertaining enough that I was able to finish in only three days . I loved following the budding romance .
 I recently read Dawn on a Distant Shore by Sara Donati and i absolutly loved it !! It has everything i enjoy in a book - the adventure , the history , and the romance . The storyline was really mooving ; i could hardly put the book down - a real page turner . I 'm gon na read the prequel - Into the Wilderness next . I encourage everyone to read this book and its for every age group -LRB- I happen to be 15 -RRB-
 I do n't give out five stars easily , but this book deserves it . I really cared about the characters and I am very upset about having to wait until the next book comes out to read more about them . This book is hard to put down because Donati keeps you in suspense the whole time ; once one problem is solved another has arisen . It also made me cry when I read what happened to Treenie , and then Robbie . My God , that was sad !! Some have said that it is not as good as INTO THE WILDERNESS , but I disagree . DAWN ON A DISTANT SHORE strengthens your feelings about these characters .
 After reading `` Into the Wilderness '' , I could n't wait to get my hands on `` Dawn on a Distant Shore '' . It was definitely worth the wait ! I 've read many good romance novels , but very few authors can blend romance , adventure and history with the depth you 'll find in this book . The description is so detailed and thorough that the reader can actually `` see '' Elizabeth , Nathaniel and the rest of the characters . I was sorry that the story had to end -LRB- for now -RRB- , and I 'm certainly looking forward to `` Hidden Wolf '' .
 This is a great sequel to Into The Wilderness . Completely lives up to expectations . If you liked the first one , you 'll love this one too ! I could n't put it down and finished in two days - perfectly set up for a third one - ca n't wait !
 Wonderful Adventure!What fun , while DDS has a different feel than the previous book , ITW . I found that the story was lot of fun . I carried this book everywhere with me for the 3 days it took me to devour the text . It reminded me of reading DG 's Voyager -LRB- not to be confused with the same as -RRB- ... it was full of adventure , non-stop action , great linguistic touches that made me feel like I was on location . Elizabeth and Nathaniel have their hands full keeping their family together in this chapter of the ITW saga , there are some interesting surprises , new freinds to meet and some heartbreaking moments . I loved it and look forward to the next book with eager anticipation .
 After waiting for so long for this sequel , I certainly was not disappointed ! The beloved characters from Into the Wilderness were brought back in a big way . The descriptions and dialogue written by Ms. Donati take the reader right into the story so much you feel as if you were there . The story itself is fastpaced and the action is non-stop -- but all is believable ! And the best part is the ending , which leaves everything open for a continuation . I , for one , highly recommend this book .
 This is the second in a series of three published books by this author . Following on the heels of the author 's enormously popular debut novel , `` Into the Wilderness '' , this novel attempts to pick up where the other one left off . While eminently entertaining , it does not reach the heights of the author 's beautifully written , debut novel.In this sequel , Elizabeth and Nathaniel Bonner have their idyllic married life in late eighteenth century Upstate New York shattered shortly after Elizabeth gives birth to a set of fraternal twins . Nathaniel , upon learning that his father , Hawkeye , an intrepid backwoodsman with strong ties to the Mohawk nation , has been arrested in Canada , departs to the rescue . When he sets foot over the border , he , too , find himself arrested as a spy and imprisoned in Montreal with his father , victim of a sinister plot.Elizabeth , never one to sit by idly , packs up the twins , and she , too , goes to the rescue . The Bonner men , however , are released through the intervention of others before Elizabeth and her entourage arrive . The hand of fate deals them yet another blow , however , when they all are spirited away by ship to Scotland , where the Catholic Earl of Carryck awaits their arrival . It seems that the Earl has determined that Hawkeye is his long lost first cousin and , consequently , his heir . The Earl means for Hawkeye or Nathaniel to inherit the Earldom , in order to thwart his Protestant adversaries . Unfortunately for the Earl , the entire Bonner family proves to be uncooperative , leading to many adventures , both on land and on the high seas.Part of the charm of the author 's debut novel lay in its telling of life in Upstate New York in the late eighteenth century , with all of its historical underpinnings . That is entirely is lost here , as this novel takes a decidedly international turn . Some of the adventures are a little too far-fetched , making the novel seem a bit incongruous at times , though still eminently readable on its own terms . Those who enjoyed the author 's debut novel will , undoubtedly , enjoy this sequel , though with an underlying layer of disappointment that the debut novel proved to be just too hard an act to follow . Still , notwithstanding this , I am looking forward to reading the third novel in this series , `` Lake in the Clouds '' , as will all fans of this author .
 Anyone who says this books is n't as good as the first is absolutely crazy ! Donati has managed to keep the passion and intimacy in Nathaniel and Elizabeth 's relationship , despite the many new characters she introduces , and the ever changing conflicts in the book . My only complaint is the loss of a well-loved character -LRB- but I wo n't spoil -RRB- . The sweetness of E & N marriage was so realistic I could visualize it ! I loved the way Donati developed Hannah 's character , and I hope that the other books do n't forget about Jennet and Luke . This book leaves you drooling for the next ... Sara PLEASE hurry with Hidden Wolf !
 Although this is a great sequel - the book comfortably stands on its own merits . I much appreciate the growth and change in the characters and focus . Hannah , in particular . I find her intelligence and pluck refreshing , entertaining and entirely believable . I 'm hoping to see more of her in the future -LRB- and I know I wo n't be disappointed ! -RRB- Keep up the good work.I must particularly note the quality of writing . Time and again I had to stop and reread an especially lush passage . I am also exceedingly impressed with the author 's command of historical detail . She does not let it bog us down , quite the opposite - her comfortable , easy command allows the story to flow beautifully . To soar , in fact.One of my most favorite passages -LRB- writerly and for historical detail -RRB- is the bit where Hanna wanders off into the market and encounters the man with the moccasins -LRB- no more details I 'm not a spoiler -RRB- - it was an extraordinary flight . Thank you !
 A great follow up from Into the Wilderness , again the story of the Bonner 's kept me captivated the whole time I was reading it , again the characters are so real that you are living the story with them . I recommend this book very highly , I ca n't wait for the next one , Sara Donati has done it again , a book not to be missed !
 After reading Into The Wilderness , I was anxiously awaiting this sequel , Dawn on a Distant Shore . It is a wonderful journey , one that you hope will never end . Both books are outstanding , and I am looking forward to the third book . Sara Donati -- please keep writing about Nathaniel and Elizabeth !
 Into the Wilderness was one of my favorite reads last year , so I was really looking forward to the sequel . Ms. Donati does not disappoint as Nathaniel , Elizabeth and their family are plunged headlong into a rousing new adventure overseas . All the familiar characters from the previous book are here , including my favorite Curiosity Freeman . The story begins where the last left off , with Elizabeth giving birth to twins with only her step daughter Hannah to help her . Nathaniel , his father Hawkeye and family friend Robbie MacLachlan are imprisioned in Montreal , and Elizabeth soon packs up her children and sets out to help her men folk . A series of adventures , betrayals , and double crosses soon has the Bonner clan off to Scotland to meet the mysterious Earl of Carryck , who claims kinship to Hawkeye , and has plans for the entire Bonner family.Although I found the book a bit slow going at first , I was soon completely enthralled with all the characters again and look forward to the third book in the series .
 This is a great sequel to Into The Wilderness , just slightly weaker . Being with these characters is delightful . Sara Donati writes smooth and forms great visuals with her choice of words . I highly recommend this book .
 Though I knew this book was used , I felt the condition was not worth the money I paid for it . The cover was dirty and the spine is very cracked .
 THIS IS A VERY EXCITING ADVENTURE , LOVE STORY AND ABOUT LIFE IN A DIFFICULT SITUATION . I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO THOSE THAT LIKE FICTION .
 I could n't read this fast enough . This second novel in the `` Wilderness '' series is like eating a favorite meal that you 've eaten and enjoyed many times before . All your favorite old friends are in here and new developments in their lives are interesting and exciting . Unfortunately , I ran out of book before I satisfied my appetite and now I am looking for book three in the series , but I do n't know the name of it . After searching online here at Amazon it seems like it has been skipped over and gone right to book four.This book however is one in which many family secrets are revealed , the twins are seperated from their mother and a lot of time is spent developing Hannah 's character . Possibly in preperation for an upcoming book devoted to her.Great read and I recommend it whole heartedly .
 Still loved this book and will continue to read the series but into the wilderness was a little better . This book has a lot more action and Elizabeth and Nathaniel -LRB- spoiler -RRB- are separated quite a bit . But as good read none the less !
 Although I thoroughly enjoyed Donati 's first book in this series , Into the Wilderness , for some reason I dragged my feet about reading this one . Maybe it was because the synopsis made it sound like the majority of the book would find Elizabeth and Nathaniel separated , and that just did n't sound like any fun ! I have just finished it and wished I had n't waited so long to read it . Yes , there are parts where they are apart , but there were plenty of other elements to keep it moving along . I will not wait so long before reading the next book in the series . If you are a fan of Diana Gabaldon , you will most likely enjoy this series . You wo n't find the time travel element , but you will get a well-developed group of characters , good historical detail , and a variety of story lines all twining together . This book begins the focus on Hannah , so that the next book -LRB- s -RRB- in the series will move along with the generations of this interesting family .
 Second book in authors `` Wilderness `` series . CA N'T put it down ! Story has so many twists and turns ! Will read any book she writes .
 Her first book is still my favorite but I also really liked this book . I liked the new characters , especially Jenet .
 I loved this book and could not put it down . I am looking forward to the rest of the books in this series as well .
 The characters are wonderfully developed and stay true to themselves throughout the book . The story is beautifully layered and historically realistic . I am looking forward to reading more of this series .
 Sara Donati did a wonderful job of weaving an exciting story with well developed characters . The story stayed true to the time period and was a great read .
 Donti is only compared in the class of Woodiwiss and Galbaldon . I can not read fast enough to the end of the book to buy the next book in the series . So glad I have a Kindle .
 I am thinking that I already did a review for this book ... regardless ... It being the book to follow `` Into The Wilderness '' ... makes it worth a double 5 point review ! After falling upon `` Into The Wilderness '' , by chance and loving it , I was very excited to see this book come out . I read both of them when they were first out and have shared them with everyone I know that enjoys historical fiction . Sara did her homework . The story follows the descendants of the character `` Hawkeye '' from James Fenimore Cooper 's great novel `` The Last of the Mohican 's '' . A surprise in the first book , `` Into the Wilderness '' was the cameo appearance of a character from Diana Gabaldon 's Outlander series , Ian Murray . That was a treat . This book has so much detail that some point I found myself saying ... `` well , can we move on now ? '' but I soon regretted my impatience because what I hurried through was as it turned out a vital part to something that came up at a later date . So . . as my final comment re the book and the author ... Sara Donati , I think you are a fantastic writer and I anxiously await your next book !!
 This is a wonderful book that held my attention from the beginning to the end and consider this
 Patrick O'Brien meets Sherlock Holmes meets James Alexander Thom , with some romance to add spice.Better than the first one , for my money .
 In To The Wilderness and Dawn on a Distant Shore were fantastic books . I would love to see another one . They held my heart and my attention . A great adventure .
 These characters are wonderful . _ All _ the characters are wonderful , even the ones that only show up for a paragraph or two . Miss Donati is a little like Dickens in the way she makes every single person stand out . I think the way she weaves historical detail into her fictional plot is wonderful . Most of the time people wo n't even notice -- I only caught on to some of it because I 'm distantly related to the Schuyler family -- but it really adds something.Some reviewers have criticized the dialogue , which amazes me . There is nothing archaic or formulaic about this dialogue and _ comical _ is the absolute last word I would use . Some of these reviewers should cut back on the caffine.My favorite character is Elizabeth , but Hannah comes a close second.I 'm supposed to say something critical too , so here it is
 I could n't put this book down ! I love the way Sara writes and the way she writes makes me feel that I am there personally . A wonderful family are the Bonner 's and I hope she continues the series . A must read for anyone who enjoys an adventurous tale . Aloha , Jennifer
 I did n't enjoy this one as much as the first one , but I usually think the first book in a series is the best anyway . All in all this is an excellent series , recommend !
 I read this book without ceasing on my Kindle , could not put it down ... and now have finished book 3 , Lake in the Clouds . Donati develops rich , endearing characters , so knowable , I found myself in tears , as I felt as if I could imagine myself as one of the residents of Paradise . The history I know is now enhanced and makes me love the people who began this great land of the free we call the USA . She has moved up high in my list of recommendations , Donati has , right next to Diana Gabaldon . Please start with book 1 .
 If you are new to this series , read this review - then go buy INTO THE WILDERNESS and read it first . Some series stories can be read out of sequence , but this is not one of them . DAWN ON A DISTANT SHORE assumes the reader already has some background knowledge about the main characters , and wastes little time bringing newcomers up to speed on their history . Instead , the tale plunges headfirst into the action and intrigue , and you 'll miss out on some enjoyment if you have to play guess and catch-up with the events that precede it.The Bonners of New York State , in early post-revolutionary America , trade the wildness of the New World for the jaded Old , as they are forced into a trans-Atlantic chase to Scotland orchestrated by Nathaniel 's distant older cousin , the Earl of Carryck . The Earl , a shadow figure about whom we learn only from others ' perceptions for almost two-thirds of the book , is desperate to induce one of the male Bonners to stand as his heir , and thus help him avoid forfeiture of his ancestral lands . Although it is Hawkeye , the eldest in the Bonner line , whom he originally covets -LRB- yes , new readers , this is the same LAST OF THE MOHICANS Hawkeye -RRB- , any male Bonner will do - which , of course , means that Nathaniel and his baby son , Daniel , are also at risk . In WILDERNESS , fresh characters populated a virgin land , with all its beauty , sharp edges , and savage nature . In DAWN , almost a third of the story is spent at sea , and the dangers are more human than natural.Sara Donati 's sequel to INTO THE WILDERNESS is a different sort of book , and it is hard to avoid comparisons . However , DAWN stands on its own as a complex story about family and political relationships . I admire the inventive mind of the author , whom I forgive -LRB- just kidding -RRB- for making me wait six months longer than I 'd hoped , to read this book . What a devious plot ! The various characters are unfolding their personalities layer by layer ; this time , Nathaniel 's and Elizabeth 's relationship is somewhat taken for granted and less in the forefront , while Hannah , Curiosity , and Hawkeye receive more attention . Several new characters , including one nice surprise , make their appearances -LRB- to be fleshed out later , I hope -RRB- . Too many times to count , I found myself rereading certain passages in order to make sure I had all the relationships straight . In that respect , the story parallels WILDERNESS , where the reader has to thread a path through the intricacies of kinships that blend English , Mohawk , and American blood.To me , this book felt like a transitional work - a necessary middle story to elaborate on background , context , and personalities , and to introduce new faces while pruning away others whose time had come . Readers of WILDERNESS will notice that Dr. Todd , a very central character in the foundation story , is absent from this one , as is most of the Mohawk portion of the Bonner family . I missed these characters , and I also missed the excitement , newness , and panorama of the New World and the fledgling nation setting that WILDERNESS gave us . DAWN is still a five-star book , for me , but like many of the other readers , and the Bonners themselves , I now want to go back to Paradise and Lake in the Clouds . Ms. Donati , I hope you 'll take us back there next time !
 Sara Donati sure is n't afraid to take risks ! Within pages of the beginning of the book she separates Elizabeth and Nathaniel , the heroine and hero she brought to life in INTO THE WILDERNESS . In the middle of winter Elizabeth delivers twins , but when the couple learns that Nathaniel 's father , Hawkeye , and their friend Robbie MacLachlan are in prison in Canada , Nathaniel sets off to free them . He ends up being arrested , and this triggers a thrilling chain of events that leads the Bonner family and their friend , Curiosity Freeman , all the way to Scotland where they become the unwilling participants in age old political and religious conflict . Donati continues to explore the evolving relationship between Elizabeth and Nathaniel while bringing Nathaniel 's daughter from his first marriage , Hannah , front and center . The end leaves open the possibility of further additions to Donati 's saga . This is very good news , indeed , for her many readers who have come to care about this marvelous cast of characters . -LRB- And any book which cleverly manages to give Scottish poet Robert Burns a cameo is a winner in this reviewer 's estimation ! -RRB-
 I read Into the Wilderness and had to immediately pick up Dawn on a Distant Shore to continue reading the detailed way in which Sara Donati writes to take me back into a different time . I have to say that now that I have finished both books and compared the two , they are written a little differently . I enjoyed both books immensly . Dawn on a Different Shore is packed full of adventure and detail however there is n't the slow pace detail in the story to savor like Into the Wilderness had . I too look forward to another book from Sara Donati that will let us enjoy Hidden Wolf and the wonderful characters and setting she has created for us there .
 In 1794 at the edge of the wilderness in Upstate New York , Elizabeth and Nathaniel Bonner live in marital bliss . Their idyllic life turns even more blissful when Elizabeth gives birth to twins . However , Nathaniel soon learns that the British government in Canada has arrested his father , Hawkeye.Nathaniel travels to Canada to help his father , but instead finds himself incarcerated as an American spy . When Elizabeth discovers that her spouse could be hung for espionage , she takes her two children and Nathaniel 's pre-teenage daughter from another marriage in order to intercede on his behalf . Her efforts go astray when someone kidnaps the twins . Elizabeth and Nathaniel follow the trail to his ancestral home in Scotland where they hope to once again become the loving family they were before Hawkeye was imprisoned.The sequel to the exciting INTO THE WILDERNESS , DAWN ON A DISTANT SHORE continues the post Revolutionary War adventures of the Bonner family . The lead couple is an invigorating duo who will charm readers even though at times their discussions seem so emoted that they feel comical . The support cast provides humor and depth as they help bring the late eighteenth century to life . The story line is impressive as the plot fully entertains the audience . Sara Donati creates an Americana epic that will receive much acclaim from fans and critics.Harriet Klausner
 Sara Donati is a master of her genre . Her work is exceptionally well researched and her characters are sincere and very endearing . In Dawn of a Distant Shore , the relationships and characters that were introduced in Into the Wilderness grow and surprise us . -LRB- Just take the touching relationship between Nathaniel and his exceptionally perceptive daughter Hannah . -RRB- If you loved Curiousity in the first book , get ready for a wonderful dose of her and her wisdom in the second . Get the book , settle down in your most comfortable chair , and buckle up ! You 're in for a wonderful ride !
 Sara has done it again . I waited over a year for her second book and she did not let me down . The book had a lot of different turns and surprises and I truly enjoyed it . Elizabeth and Nathaniel prove , once again that their love can survive anything . Sara writes so beautifully , her words are so realistic that if you stop and close your eyes you are living the life of Elizabeth and her adventures . This book was well worth waiting for but now leaves me anxiously awaiting her third book `` Hidden Wolf '' . For all of you who have read Into the Wilderness and Dawn on a Distant Shore know hours and hours of pure entertainment . I look forward to seeing if anyone out there in Hollywood has the brains to make a movie out of these wonderful books . PLUS I do not understand why she is not on the best seller list for both books . If you have n't read Into the Wilderness first I would highly advise you to before you read Dawn on a Distant Shore . Believe me you will thank me for introducing you to a very gifted and wonderful writer . Oh to have this kind of talent ! Sara is truly blessed !
 Dawn on a Distant Shore is a well researched , well written adventure/romance/historical . It takes us to a part of our history that is n't well known and gives us a panoramic look at this fledgling country as well as a bit of our northern neighbor 's story . Elizabeth and Nathanial are terrific , their love is profound and palpable . And Ms Donati 's secondary characters shine also . Hannah is a wonderful little girl who is going to be fun to watch grow . Curiosity Freeman , the backbone of the little troop , is just plain terrific . I enjoyed the Canadian scenes and felt that the family 's mad dash across the Atlantic was especially exciting . This is a worthy sequel to Into the Wilderness and I highly recommend it .
 Sara Donati 's long awaited sequel to Into The Wilderness is a real cliff hanger from start to finish . I could hardly bring myself to put this book down once I started it.Ms . Donati has done a masterful job of weaving together a story that has a lot of something for almost everyone . Romance , adventure on the high seas , political intrique , and just plain old delicious villany . The maturing relationship between Elizabeth and Nathaniel is utterly beleivable and some of the scenes between Hannah and her Father were so tender they almost broght tears to my eyes.This is the best book I have read since I finished Into The Wilderness .
 I loved this book ! I really enjoyed `` Into the Wilderness '' , so I was eager to start `` Dawn on a Distant Shore '' , and I was not disappointed . Once again , I found the characters engaging , and the story interesting . There were some wonderful plot twists , and I am anxiously awaiting the next book in the series . I especially appreciated the realistic portrayal of Elizabeth 's feelings and anxieties concerning her children , as well as the interspersing of actual historical figures into the story . It was a wonderful read , and I was sorry to finish it !
 I loved this follow up to Into The Wilderness ! It lived up to my expectations and was well worth the wait . For those of you who have not read Sara Donati yet . I strongly suggest reading Into The Wilderness first as there are several references to people and events from that novel . It will enhance your enjoyment of this book and keep you `` in the know '' . I know I always hate it when people chit-chat about a previous party that I was not invited to ! Do n't let this happen to you . Read the first book first ! Then you will not want to wait to read this one . As others have said , these books will take you to another time and another place . You will be so enveloped in the story that your friends and family will have to keep repeating your name to get your attention !
 Sequels often are big let-downs , but fortunately that is not the case with `` Dawn on a Distant Shore , '' the second book in a projected five part series that started with `` Into the Wilderness . `` Elizabeth and Nathaniel Bonner are still the focus of the story , which moves along at a fairly brisk clip , although it does falter toward the end when the action moves from Canada to Scotland . Elizabeth still exhibits the same moral and physical courage as she did in the first book of the series . When her husband Nathaniel follows his father Daniel to Montreal , the younger man is also arrested and is likely to be hanged as a spy . Elizabeth , having given birth to twins , takes her babies to Canada in the dead of winter to try to save him . As in the previous book , no one is ever quite who or what they seem , and the Bonners encounter many shady characters in trying to determine Daniel Bonner 's heritage ... the secret of which lies in Scotland.Sara Donati is a gifted storyteller . She has a good ear for natural sounding dialogue , her plotting is refreshingly original , and her characters are appealing -- even the `` bad guys '' have shades of gray in their character . My main criticism of this book had to do with the slowing of the action once the story moved to Scotland , and the fact that Nathaniel 's daughter -LRB- Hannah or Squirrel -RRB- from his first marriage has started to take center stage . For some reason authors seem to feel compelled to make children in historical novels into little adults , and Hannah is no exception to that `` rule . '' Her emotions are simply too adult-like to be appealing to this reader . However , I still highly recommend this book to anyone who is looking for something a little different in an historical family saga . The fourth book in the series will be out in hardcover this fall .
 After anxiously waiting for the continuing saga of Nathanial and Elizabeth ... when i received the book . . I couldnt put it down . I was totally enthralled . I think James Fenimore Cooper would be proud of what Sara Donati has done with the characters he immortalized in The Last of the Mohicans . I look forward to reading her next book and hope that she continues the saga with many more .
 Sara Donati is one of the best writers fiction has to offer . She is a master at creating emotional and exciting stories which are absolutely un-put-downable ! In Dawn on a Distant Shore she continues the story of Nathaniel and Elizabeth Bonner and their family . For two days I traveled through upstate New York in the dead of winter , bit my fingernails in Canada , traveled the high seas and found my self up to my eybrows in intrigue and villiany in Scotland . Ms. Donati 's marvelous writing style had me right there along with her characters . This is a wonderful story that 's beautifully written . An absolute gem . Highly recommended !
 This follow up to Into the Wilderness was very enjoyable . I was not too thrilled with the first book , but thought I would read the next book anyway . I was pleasantly suprised and got a better feel for the characters . I will buy the next one with interest !
 Enjoyed this second in the Donati series . Like the way history and narrative make an easy read .
 Sara Donati did not disappoint with the second book in the series . DAWN ON A DISTANT SHORE picks up where INTO THE WILDERNESS ended.As the reader expects , a peaceful calm life is not in store for Elizabeth and Nathanal . Their family has grown with the birth of the twins , plus early into the story , we learn that Nathanal has a son he did n't know about living in Canada.Hannah was given more exposure and it 's a pleasure to watch this young girl grow . Watching her start to reconcile her Indian and white halves is an added bonus.Once again , Ms. Donati presents the reader with a story filled with historical detail , plenty of action , adventure and romance .
 For all those Diana Gabaldon fans , Sara Donati does not disappoint . Well written and researched , Donati 's books are a must read . Her characters are multi-layered and three dimentional , and the plot intricate and captivating , to say nothing of educational . Anyone reading these books will not be disappointed , but especially those with high standards . Into the Wilderness , and Dawn on a Distant Shore kept me burning the midnight oil many a night . I highly reccommend this series , for which there is a third soon to be published . If you want depth , and hate `` fluff '' , then these books are for you . Thankyou Ms Donati for giving me something worth reading .
 Second in the wilderness series and very enjoyable . Good story line and strong characters . A book I could n't wait to get back to .
 I am a huge Diana Gabaldon fan and love complex characters and stories . This is close . I have almost finished with the series and found it very enjoyable .
 I enjoyed the first installment so much that I was n't sure that this book could match it , but it did . I could hardly put it down and I 'm anticipating the next one .
 This was not my favorite book in the series , as the constant traveling seems to drag on a bit , but it was still very entertaining and a good read .
 I really love this book just as much as the two before it . I just do n't want the series to end because I 'm enjoying it so much .
 I can not wait to read the next book in this series . I love this book Dawn on a Distant Shore , I will continue to read her books .
 I enjoyed the whole series . Excellent writing , engaging story . I picked up the 1st from the library and then bought the next in the series for my Kindle when I finished the 1st and did n't want to wait to get back the the library to continue reading the series .
 I felt the first book in the series started off a little weak and definitely grew in strength as the novel progressed . However , I enjoyed `` Dawn on a Distant Shore '' from start to finish and went on to purchase the other titles in the series right away . My only complaint is that this book did not have a Kindle edition .
 When I had read Into the Wilderness I went out to the library immediatly and got Dawn on a Distant Shore . Sara Donati makes the characters in the book seem so real . I felt like I was part of the book . I felt their pain , joy , and worry with them along the way . I ca n't wait till the next book comes out so I can meet up with my friends again , and go along the new journey ! This is the best book anyone could ever read !!!
 The kind of book that makes you turn off the phone and ignore the kids . Those two reviewers here who said `` boring '' ? I 'm wondering if they read the same book . I suppose they need a nuclear explosion or the like to keep them happy . What I like is , interesting characters in challenging situations , and you 've got that here in abundance.The first one was very good , but this one is even better . More tightly written . Miss Donati has come into her stride . Bring on Hidden Wolf !
 I 'm reading this wile waiting for the seventh novel in the outlander series to come out.It 's very good . It 's been compared to Gabaldons work , but I do ` nt think that any thing will ever measure up to that for me .
 This is one of a series of books about a little African boy in Kenys who has numerous small boy adventures . The stories are cute and the artwork is a vary accurate representaton of the local scene despite being very simple . I love them .
 Overall I really did like this book . Although it is very predictable , towards the end you are in for a surprise . I did not put this book down the whole time . I recommend this book for a 12 or 13 year old girl who enjoys book with romance and a little bit of suspense . At times in this book I found myself confused , but do n't worry it will all come together towards the end . I hope you enjoy this book as much as I did !
 Do you hear that buzz ? Do n't worry , it 's not a swarm of killer bees . It 's the buzz surrounding this highly anticipated first novel by Justin Strauss . Justin is an academically trained paleontologist , so you can be assured that he knows his dinosaur details.The book ? Entirely gripping . If you like crackling , intelligent fiction , dinosaurs , and futureshock stories with twists and turns , then put on your bloody running shoes and sprint to the store to pick this up . Alternatively , whip out your credit card and get it now online!The characters are hewn from classic science fiction material and the action is first-rate . The reader will immediately notice that Strauss swings effortlessly between heart-pounding imagery and the subtleties of humanity without ham-fisted literary tactics common in the science fiction genre.Somebody should contact the movie studios about this . On second thought , they 'd just screw it up . Go . Get this book .
 This book is a fun read . I spotted a whole of three typos . The events a fast-paced and there is a surprising twist at the end.Especially useful is the compendeum of dinosaurs referenced throughout the book . A must-read for any who love dinosaurs - especially recommended young teens
 There is no question that this is one of the best commentaries on Genesis today . This commentary is one of the essential starting places for research on Genesis . His interaction with critical views is thorough , though if you have a problem with all forms of source criticism , you will definitely find yourself disagreeing with him in many places.However , Wenham is no skeptic . Many times in both volumes he points out places which clearly point to the antiquity of the text . He clearly holds a high view of the historicity of Genesis , as can be seen in his interpretation of the mention of camels in the patriarchal narrative -LRB- he sees them as a 2nd millennium luxury , rather than a historical anachronism -RRB- . There is also extensive comment on the broader literary dimensions of Genesis , such as palistrophic and panelled structures , which highly suggests , at the very least , a high degree of editorial activity , so as to make source/form/traditio-historical analysis virtually irrelevant , and you get the sense that Wenham is on board here . I ca n't think of a single place where he allows source criticism to derail his exegesis . He clearly is treating the canonical version.The only place that conservative readers may find troubling is in his treatment on `` The Religion of the Patriarchs . '' If you are familiar with his other work , you know what I 'm talking about . Wenham believes that there is good evidence that Yahweh of the Old Testament was earlier worshipped as El , head of the Canaanite Pantheon . One line of argument he uses , for example , is that Baal eventually replaced El , and is presented in the Bible as one of Yahweh 's big `` contenders . '' In this respect , he is very similar to F.M. Cross.When all is said and done , however , Wenham is definitely a 5-star commentary . The good pastor/student understands that he must read critically , not swallowing , hook-line-and-sinker , everything is put in front of him . Nevertheless , both volumes by Wenham are well worth the money you pay for them , and will pay for themselves in edification and knowledge gained .
 No doubt Wenham and Hamilton have written the best conservative 's commentary on Genesis . Longman said that `` between Wenham and Hamilton , Genesis is well covered . `` But to have both means you must buy 4 volumes because both Wenham and Hamilton separated their commentaries on Genesis into two volumes -LRB- Wenham
 Great Technical/Critical Commentary.A little heavy on Source Criticism and weak on the possibility of Mosaic Authorship.Does a great job of handling Hebrew and Literary structure.A must have for the Scholar/Pastor .
 I do n't study Insects proffesionaly , I am simply curious about living things around me . I have several Field Guides that offer very little information about the Insect in question -LRB- which I suppose is all to be expected from a small book -RRB- and I wanted to know more . For instance how do the mouth parts work , what are the different body segments and what do they house or what is their function.Well here it is in `` Black and White '' litteraly ... If you want pretty color pictures this is not the book for you . The figures in the book are however , very detailed , expertly drawn and all body parts are labled . So far every answer I have sought has been answered by this book.I believe that this book is well worth the high price tag . Remember this is only MY opinion , I could be wrong ...
 Everything about insects is fascinating , and this book gives a comprehensive overview of their behavior , anatomy , and classification . For non-experts in entomology , such as this reviewer , the book provides the necessary background for further study . Topics such as the molecular genetics of insects and the genetic engineering of insects are not covered , but there are plenty of other books that treat these topics in detail . Only the first four chapters were read by this reviewer , but only chapter four will be discussed here.Early on in chapter four , the authors dispel the prejudice that since insects have small nervous systems and have short life spans , they are not automatons and can exhibit a remarkable degree of spontaneity . Insects can adjust to the circumstances of their environment and the organization of their activities can be extremely complex . What is most interesting about their discussion of insect behavior is the emphasis on how it depends on the internal state of the insect , and not only its nervous system but also its internal organs.The authors view the basic unit of behavior in an insect as being a ` reflex ' . A receptor that is stimulated will cause a particular group of insects to contract , which is observed as a body movement of the insect . A ` releaser ' is the stimulus that actually triggers a specific collection of movements . This results in what is called a ` fixed-action pattern ' , which , as the name implies , occurs the same way every time it occurs . To be contrasted with these are the ` modal-action patterns ' that adapt to changes in the body position of the insect relative to external objects . A ` central pattern generator ' the authors write , is responsible for the leg and wing movements of insects , and allows them to navigate in noisy environments . All of these considerations of insect behavior are interesting in themselves , but even more so considering that they are being applied to unexpected fields such as artificial intelligence . Indeed , the learning abilities of insects are being emulated in various machines in the last few years , with good success . And even , a new area of artificial intelligence called ` swarm intelligence ' has arisen that is based on the behavior of ants.Along these same lines , the authors discuss four categories that he believes are useful in characterizing insect behavior . These categories clarify to a large extent the difference between ` preprogrammed ' and modified behaviors . The first of these are called ` closed instincts ' , which are fixed programs . The second is more flexible and are called ` open instincts ' , where experience feeds back and changes the program . The third consists of ` restricted learning ' and is the analog of classical conditioning . The last one is ` flexible learning ' , wherein experience can result in significant changes in the behavior pattern . All of these categories have found expression in machines , as well as the types of learning that the authors believe exists in insects
 This is a ***** book . It conatins informaton that is useful to the serious beginnner as well as to the involved professional . For identification to the family level , this book in unparalleled . There is also information about common genera and/or species that often provides answers to frequently asked questions . At the family level one can usually make generalizations about an insect 's role -- this book is excellent in providing such information . The glossary will get us all through the keys , and the keys lead us to discovery -- one of the great joys in life ! A classic , and an enduring one at that .
 I used this book for an entomology class at my college , and I think it is great ! Wanting to be an entomologist and knowing a lot of information about the subject already , I still did n't find it boring or tedious , and people who know nothing about insects can understand it pretty easily too . I highly recommend this book to anyone who is interested in entomology and what the subject entails .
 I had to purchase this book for a class in my undergraduate work . However , as a graduate student , I use this book every semester . I am presently working in a lab and i.d many samples of insects . Some common , some not . I often reach for it to get to family so I can key to genus and species if I need to take the i.d. that far . The numbered keys are great ! They reference forward and backward , which really helps if a mistake is made . Definitely a good one to have on the shelves .
 For ages , this has been the best source of knowledge for the beginner . I have 3 different editions .
 This is the book on insect taxonomy that most entomologists had as their text in introductory courses . The current -LRB- 7th -RRB- edition is revised to fit recent changes in classification and certainly continues the standard set by Borror and DeLong many years ago . It was never intended to be a text in physiology , behavior or ecology . There are texts for these subjects available and just covering the systematic aspects of insects thoroughly is enough of a task.My only quibbles have to do with some changes in arrangement of orders that I am not sure of -LRB- such as the union of Hemiptera and Homoptera , and Anoplura and Mallophaga - the latter was also true of the 6th ed . -RRB- and the fact that scorpion taxonomy was apparently not revised at all , despite numerous changes in the last several years.However , that said , this edition is a continued improvement of a great classic of entomology . Among highlights are Jeremy Miller 's and Darrell Ubick 's excellent revision of the spider section and the new format for keys to the insects making them easier to use.Without a doubt this will remain the best standard textbook on insect taxonomy available and I recommend it with only the minor reservations noted .
 the best book of its kind , i bought this book for a class but will defiantly be keeping it to refer to for years to come .
 Great book , in great shape . very excited to get it . There are a lot of valuable updates in the keys and a excellent buy !!
 Great price ... well over half off of the university 's bookstore . Only black and white pictures and illustrations , but very thorough coverage of entomology .
 As an amateur entomologist with interests in their taxonomy , this book was perfect for identifying insects to the family level . There are sections on insect morphology and ecology in the beginning to help the reader become familiar with entomological and taxonomic nomenclature , as well as sections and keys on Arthropoda as a whole , orders of arachnids , millipedes , and centipedes , and families of spiders , as well as the families of all orders of North American insects . A must-have for any insect collector 's collection -LRB- of books anyway -RRB- !
 An entomologists must have . I have an older edition and bought this for my dad , who is an amateur entomologist .
 Good &#34; keys &#34; are hard to come by , especially for insects . This book was suggested by a well respected Entomologist , and is a good book . However , with the changes brought on by DNA , a new book needs to be done .
 This is a good text for identifying and understanding terrestrial insects . The key is fairly technical however but the chapters on the individual orders and pictures help if you are not overly familiar with insect physiology .
 `` Borror and Delong 's Introduction to the Study of Insects , 7th Edition '' by Charles Triplehorn & Norman Johnson , Thompson-Brooks/Cole , Belmont , CA 2005 . ISBN 0-03-096835-6 . HC 864 pgs . 101/4 '' x 8 '' x 1 '' format on semi-glossy media to accommodate hundreds of black & white insect photographs and exacting images & sketches of insects with emphasis on detailed wing venation & discrete anatomical organ structures accompanied by short concise explanatory captions to help decipher the documented systematics . providing a wealth of informative detail on subject 's organs photographed . In all , there are 35 chapters , the last devoted to collecting , preserving , and studying insects.The authors inform us this 7th Edition , `` An Introduction to the Study of Insects '' , was based on prior editions by Borror & Delong 's text , used in North America by entomologists and biologists for over 50 years . The authors , both renowned biologists specializing in entomology from Ohio Sate University have greatly added to this compendium by focusing primarily on updating the area of Systematics -LRB- nomenclature -RRB- that includes the most recent data on insect evolution
 It is the most appropriate book I have seen for graudate student who want to be an entomologist . It have a comprehensive knowledge on how to study the insects .
 I purchased this book mostly as an insect key . It is organized well , and has a very extensive key , easy to understand , and covers a broad spectrum . If you are interested in insect ID or collection , or just want some information about them , this is a great book to get . Depending on your interests , I would also recommend the `` Forest Entomology , Ecology and Management '' book written by Coulson & Witter .
 This is a keystone book that should be in every entomologist 's library next to Chapman 's The Insect
 The product was on time and in the condition promised . It is nice to find a company worthy of shopping with again .
 Product was in excellent shape as indicated.I received the book quickly and would definitely do business with these people again.thanks
 This book is a must for anyone who is wanting a christian home , and needs some advice and pure godly knowledge . This is required reading at Pillsbury Baptist Bible College in MN , where my husband attends .
 As the wife of Jim Cole , I can tell you that he has dedicated three -LRB- 3 -RRB- decades of his life to the study of Grizzly Bears in their natural habitats . His books took three -LRB- 3 -RRB- years to write and spotlight bear families from the lower 48 and Alaska which he has followed for years . Jim gave up a lucrative real estate career to pursue his wildlife passion and has made many sacrifices along the way . As a result of the most recent attack on May 23rd , 2007 , Jim is now permanently blind in one eye . Ironically , Jim never considered himself to be a professional photographer . He counts himself as a Grizzly Bear Educator and performs original songs about bears to a wide range of audiences . Jim 's books represent his life 's work and offer useful insight into the cunning versatility of the great bear . As of the writing of this review , Jim has never been banned from any national park nor have his actions resulted in the death of any bruin . Simply stated , Jim believes these creatures to be the most intelligent and impressive animals on Planet Earth ! Yes , his time spent in the backcountry is quite non-traditional ; but Jim always was a rugged individualist .
 Jim Cole is a talented photographer and writer . With a keen sense of observation Cole documents in a stunning way with pictures and word his observation of the grizzlies that roam our great National Parks . Together with his book on Grizzlies in Alaska the reader can gain an indepth and personal insight into the lives of these magnificent animals .
 My first reaction upon completing this books was
 Though a scholarly biography , the book reveals much more about life in a small mid-west America town at the turn of the century than many other biographies or novels . Well worth reading for an insight into `` news '' that did n't make most newspapers but which was true in revealing life , the book is nicely crafted and the author writes with a knowing touch.One would wish for more intimate details of the subject 's life , but he was a private man , kept no diary , and did not tell his innermost thoughts to his family . The book , however , succeeds , because it reveals the town , Lamar , MO -LRB- which happened to be President Truman 's birthplace , and where Wyatt Earp had been Marshall and where the Earp kinfolk lived on -RRB- and some of the foibles and fancies of American life . I hope the author writes another book soon .
 This biography of Arthur Aull , a small-town journalist at the turn of the twentieth century , is a most fascinating read . The role of the small-town newspaper publisher carried much of the moral weight of towns like Lamar , Missouri , during the first half of the twentieth century before the era of instant news carried by radio and television changed everything . The author does a fine job of demonstrating the role in both politics and society that newspaper publishers played during this era . Arthur Aull was routinely used as a classic example of the important role of journalists in developing America by the Journalism School of the University of Missouri . In addition , he was a character that continues to shape the nature of the small town where he published ; his legacy newspaper still is in publication .
 This is one of the original -- very valuable ! -- books on the miracles of the New Age and the spiritual awakening that is taking place in the world . I had some strange experiences myself that I could not explain and after reading this book I had a better understanding of what was happening to me that made me a channel for outside powers . I learned about speaking in tongues , about being hit with a blue beam , what it is like to go through a personal transformation and much , much more . Brad Steiger is a pioneer in the metaphysical realm and I now from speaking to others at conferences that he has helped many in their own personal spiritual and psychic developement . I recently picked up this book again and read it from cover to cover and found myself being inspired all over again !
 I really enjoyed using this book as a form of supplementary preparation for taking the AP Spanish Exam . I found it to be an excellent source of information for all of the material covered on the exam , and some of the practices excercises actually more than prepared me for the material on the exam . The audio CDs were essential in preparing me for the oral component of the exam , and made studying more fun . I Am grateful to the authors of the book , since their work helped me to score a 5 on the exam . I would strongly recommend this book to test takers .
 This book is the absolute best buy for AP Spanish Language preparation . It goes through every aspect of the test and has a very thorough review of all grammar tested in the exam -LRB- although I thought that they had a little more then what was needed -RRB- . The practice tests accurately measure with the difficulty and format of the real test . Having a bad situation with an inexperienced teacher , I picked up this book and used it for self-study . It helped me greatly , and in the end , I received a 4 just by going through it myself and practicing .
 I have a large collection of books for learning spanish and this book turned out to be one of the very best of them . I know that it is a book angled toward preparing students for the AP exam butit just so happens to be one of the most user friendly , well designed and comprehensive books for learning spanish out on the market today . I am an advanced college spanish student and therefor I did n't get the book to prepare for the exam . I got it because it offers a well structured and comprehensive review as well as many helpful drills and practice tests . I think a book structured like this is probably the best way to study a language on your own . So to all you who may have been put off by the fact that it is an exam preparation book please do yourselves a favor and buy this book .
 Based on content this book is great , with 3 practice exams that are just like the AP . The reviews of topics are very thorough and most topics are easy to find . The one problem is the page size . The page flipping is a distraction for me , but that is a more minor issue .
 Wow !! No one should walk into the AP Spanish Language Exam without having studying and prepped with these practices .
 Absolutely the best book around . The subject review is a big exhaustive , but well worth your money . Going through the entire book will guarantee you a 4 or a 5 !
 The book did not come with the audio CDs so I contacted Mr. Peters and he very kindly refunded my money . He is a very trustworthy seller .
 I needed to prepare myself for the AP exam and this book really helped me .
 Unlike my esteemed earlier reviewer , I must say I found this volume stimulating . The old saw of the mystery between God being all powerful and all knowing and all good has been challenged on all sides , conservative and liberal . Here one finds intriguing and vigorous pieces between two types of thinkers ... process theologians and free-will theists . Process theologians deny various things about God being all powerful and all knowing . They tend to limit his knowledge and make God as open to internal change as we are . Free-will theists place more weight on the Biblical tradition and traditional categories of theology . They tend to argue for a self-limiting of God and occasionally limit God 's knowledge of the future.Contrary to my fellow reviewer , these debates are not disrespectful towards God but seriously engage with the understanding that God exists . Grappling afresh with the big questions about God does not mean one despises the creator , but that one seeks to love with one 's whole mind.Bravo for a stimulating book , worth a read to those caught in the wake of such debates .
 This book is crucial for sorting out whether Open Theists are really evangelical Process Theists . This book 's spirited , yet surprisingly irenic , dialogue demonstrates that while the two perspectives share a few commonalities , they are undoubtedly very different from one another . The ` Crucial Difference ' , as Open Theist William Hasker puts it , is that Process Theism dismisses Divine Intervention in human affairs , while Open Theism wholeheartedly affirms this treasured evangelical truth . While I do not adhere to either system , I can not in good conscience label Open Theists as closet Process Theists , heretics or non-inerrantists for that matter . This book proved to me that the writings of Open Theists need and deserve to be taken at face value . There has been far too much eisegesis of their claims and not enough exegesis of them , particularly from the Baptist General Conference , the Evangelical Theological Society and the overall Reformed hegemony . While I believe Open Theism is wrong on many counts , I certainly would n't call it heresy . I highly recommend that those who wish to engage in fair , even-handed investigation on Open Theism 's relationship and deviation from Process Theism read this book . It has proven to be the most profitable book on Open Theism I 've read to date . I 'm certain it will put many allegations levied against Open Theists to rest . So lay your presuppositions concerning Open Theism aside and allow its proponents to be heard on their own terms . You 'll be glad you did .
 . Size matters . Many Christians know of J.B. Phillips classic book , Your God is Too Small . But few consider the possibility that their God is too BIG . When believers zealously attach all the `` omnis '' they can imagine to God , perhaps who emerges is not the God of scripture at all . What seems required is a God neither too small nor too big.Constructing an adequate vision of God is the principal goal for essayists in Searching for an Adequate God . Of course , as contributor William Hasker remarks , `` it is our conceptions of God that must be evaluated as adequate or inadequate , not God himself . '' Most essayists contend that a concept of God adequate to scripture , tradition , reason , and experience -LRB- the Wesleyan quadrilateral -RRB- is required or , as Hasker puts it , a conception of God `` adequate for the faith and life of the Christian church . '' Whether explicitly or implicitly stated , both sides consider their own theistic conceptions to be more adequate given these criteria.Given classical free-will theism 's ties to evangelicalism and process theism 's ties to liberal Christianity , it may seem unlikely to outsiders that the visions entertained by these camps overlap to any degree . However , even insiders may be surprised to find the large extent to which these visions can be harmonized . In many ways , Searching for an Adequate God serves as a bridge-builder . It reveals to the evangelical community that the process vision is more palatable than many had previously thought . The book also reveals to process theists , who typically run in liberal theological circles , that free-will/openness versions of evangelical theology are more palatable than they had assumed.Tenets pertaining to divine love sit atop the list of convictions shared by these process and classical free-will/openness theists . Both sides affirm that God is love ; God lovingly interacts with the world ; God is genuinely affected by give-and-take love with the world ; and God 's primary , if not exclusive , modus operandi is persuasive love . Free-will/openness theist Richard Rice comments , `` Process thought is often described as a metaphysics of love , an attempt to develop a full-fledged metaphysical system from the fundamental insight that God is love . The open view of God -LSB- a.k.a. free-will theism -RSB- shares this emphasis upon the priority of love . `` Consistent with this emphasis upon divine love and love 's implications are the emphases by both traditions upon relationality , freedom -LRB- e.g. , both reject compatiblism and determinism -RRB- , and the social nature of the God-world relationship . Additionally , both reject the argument that God can have certain knowledge of the entire future . Given these emphases , it is understandable that both theological perspectives sharply criticize notions -- which theists derived from classical metaphysics -- portraying God as aloof , impervious , or all-determining . Both process and classical free-will theists affirm that God is providentially active in both human and nonhuman life . Both process and classical free-will theists hold that God is personal , purposive , and pantemporal.It may surprise some to find that the issue of biblical authority does not arise as a major obstacle in this free-will/openness and process dialogue . In this volume , the process theists never chide free-will/openness theists for the latter 's insistence upon the primary authority of the Bible . Free-will/openness theists only occasionally scold process theists for failing to appreciate the biblical witness . In fact , both sides appeal to an interpretation of scripture they believe supports their own theological vision.The leg of the quadrilateral stool on which these theisms seem to differ most is Christian tradition . For instance , essayist David Griffin considers the tradition 's doctrine of creatio ex nihilo indirectly damaging to the claim that God is love . A God able unilaterally to create the world is culpable for failing unilaterally to prevent genuine evil . He proposes , instead , a doctrine of creation grounded upon divine persuasion , theistic evolution , and a God-initiated Big Bang cosmology . Free-will/openness theists , however , accept creatio ex nihilo . For free-will/openness theists , the traditional creation doctrine supports a strong eschatology and explains God 's miracle-generating activity.At the heart of their theological differences are the theories of divine power , although each can agree on a formal definition of divine power -LRB- e.g. , God 's power is supreme , and deity possesses all the power it is possible for any being to have -RRB- . On one hand , free-will/openness theists contend that God possessed , at least at one time , absolutely all power . Furthermore , these theists contend that God can unilaterally determine some events or situations -- should God choose to do so . Free-will/openness essayist Hasker believes that a God who can both unilaterally determine -LRB- coerce -RRB- and act cooperatively -LRB- persuade -RRB- is greater , and therefore more adequate , than the God who only acts persuasively . Process theist Griffin , on the other hand , avers that God never possesses a monopoly on power , which means that God never entirely determines an outcome . Griffin contends that the problem of evil , among other problems , remains insoluble for theists who believe God that is able to determine unilaterally.Many of the essayists share fascinating autobiographical material . Nancy Howell , Wheeler , and Rice disclose how , in their own journeys , they embraced or rejected various aspects of process and evangelical traditions . For Wheeler , to cite one , the evangelical faith of his youth and the process theism he discovered in graduate school are not mutually exclusive . To varying degrees , these scholars live inside , outside , and/or between theological traditions . To use Howell 's image , these authors maneuver among theological boundaries.Conceiving of a `` right-sized '' God truly matters . The risks and fears that Pinnock describes indicate just how politically-charged the task of formulating theology can be . This book provides a valuable resource for adventurers undertaking this all-important quest.Thomas Jay Oord
 I got this book , because I wanted to gain a greater understanding of Process Theism . I was familiar with free will theism , but certain aspects of it were troubling to me . While I find myself disagreeing with some of what process theologians have to say , it has been extremely helpful for me in clarifying my own viewpoint . I enjoyed the debate format that gave others a chance to respond and point out weak points and strong points in each of the articles .
 A Tarzan like character -LRB- Trees -RRB- and a Doc Savage character -LRB- Goblin -RRB- in more modern settings . Add sex , an immortality drug , and heros fighting against a conspiracy that secretly rules the world -LRB- The Nine -RRB-
 I bought this book together with McKay `` The Definitive Guide to Plone '' and all I can say is that they fit together nicely.In the old days when software was delivered to you in a nice box with accompanying manuals , one of them was hopefully titled as `` Getting started ... '' , `` Introduction to ... '' or `` Quick guide to ... '' . Julie 's `` Plone Content Management Essentials '' is by all means * that * kind of the book in a ` missing box ' for Plone.As a complete Plone -LRB- Zope -RRB- newbie on my way to migrate some stuff from Movable Type intranet site , I needed quick , concise guide to get the general feeling about Plone features and the level of complexity involved -LRB- I already knew that Zope behind the Plone is a `` beast '' in it 's own if compared to simple packages like MT -RRB- . With just 200 + pages this book helped me grasp the basic concepts behind the Plone CMS in a way , that I could build my prototype site in a few days . The chapters that I liked the most are chapter `` 4 . Additional Plone Elements '' describing Plone add-ons of immediate interest to me -LRB- CMFBoard , CMFPhotoAlbum and CMFWeblog -RRB- and chapter 's 5 and 6 on customizing plone and implementing custom skin . The only objection that I have about the book is Appendix A. , imho it 's completely useless attempt on introduction to python language -LRB- it would make more sense to just publish the links to python online resources -RRB- . Book is geared towards complete Plone newbie 's , even non-techies will not be easily lost , thanks to step-by-step approach and numerous screenshots . Nevertheless , I would strongly recommend that you also consider McKay `` The Definitive Guide to Plone '' which is in my opinion the most complete book about Plone on the market -LRB- but you 'll certainly need more than a few days to digest it -RRB- . Thank you for reading this review !
 A popular open source Content Management System . Meloni suggests here in her book why it has proved so useful . If you read her book and have some familiarity with Microsoft 's Office suite , then you can see what Plone offers . The various Microsoft applications , like MSWord , have very rich toolkits . But each application essentially handles single documents . Meloni shows that Plone 's remit is at a higher level of organisation . More to do with workflow between several users.Plus , these users need not be in one physical location . Plone lets a group distributed over the Internet work together . Plone can help enable new types of dispersed `` multinationals '' of just a few people.The book also has merit in showing how to use Plone to construct wikis and blogs . Two topical subjects . And very closely related . So both are described in the same chapter . Daresay that some of you will find this the most useful section of the book .
 A good introduction to Plone . But , there are a few typographical errors in code samples that will send you on minor troubleshooting trips . The author also covers some add-ins that cause errors when you try to remove them , again , causing you to do some troubleshooting . Not all bad . A little troubleshooting helps you learn the system .
 This book is extremely readable . Concise and to the point . It gave me only the information I needed to do what I wanted to do . Perfect . All the other documentation I 've found on Plone has been mostly geared towards coders and developers . I 've found it a headache wading through it all . This book explained how to do exactly what I wanted to do with plone - get my website up and running , with the content I wanted and the look I wanted.A lifesaver , and an end to the headaches .
 This study and anthology is one of the most recent in the Prose Poem genre . In addition to Ignacio Helguera 's study of the genre in Mexico and Suzanne Bernard 's in France , this one traces the genre in Hispanic America .
 Being from this era , this book brings back a ton of great memories.The photos in this book are amazing , so crisp and vibrant.It does n't seem like it was 2o + years ago.This book will explain to you what is REAL HIP HOP -LRB- MCing , Breaking , Graffit -RCB- , NOT the garbage they consider Hip Hop today.Looking at these photos it 's hard to believe how young we were.Seeing old friends and classmates put a big smile on my face knowing that WE were there when it all started!GREAT book Marty !!!!!!
 I lived in NYC in the 70 's and 80 's and witnessed the rise of subway graffiti and the beginnings of break dancing . This book brings it all back -- in a GOOD way . Reading it , you can understand why poor urban kids went to such lengths to make a mark for themselves . No one cared at first but Martha Cooper , who earned their respect and documented their achievements with her fine photographs . This book is a monument to those unsung teenage artists and the photographer who recognized and publicized their talents .
 I loved this book ! The photographs are powerful , and you ca n't find anything even close to their documentary quality anywhere else . The text is also interesting and includes quotes from a variety of people -- the author , the hip hop performers themselves , and other scholars .
 i got this book not long ago , i have alot of graff and hip hop books and this is one of the best.it never drags on for to long on one subject.it has basically put like ten graff and hip hop books into one then they took out the bull ### t and left us with one dope book.highly recomemened . .
 `` Like a New York City subway ride back to the early 1980s . This is Hip Hop culture at its all time best . A monumental photographic achievement for the world . It does n't get any better than this ! '' FAB 5 FREDDY `` Marty Cooper was the first Hip Hop photographer and she remains the best . `` STEVEN HAGER , author of Hip Hop
 Anyone who is interested not just in the idea that such an underground culture could exist , but also the history and progression of it should check this out . Much of the text is done through quotes which gives a really great idea of the mannerisms of the people who lived during that era , though it 's sometimes hard to get a complete grasp of the ideas that they are presenting.It truthfully surveys the elements of the Hip Hop culture and gives a nice history to each . A good introduction for anyone who does not know too much but it 's also great for anyone interested in learning more .
 I have read many , many books depicting the Hip Hop Culture -LRB- graffiti , breakin , rap/hip-hop , b-boy ` in -RRB- . None of these books have come close to the pictures and stories captivated by Martha Cooper . I remember when I was in High School and I first heard about Martha Cooper . I read her first publication and I was amazed by her dedication and accuracy . There have been many books that have attempted to capture what Martha has and does ... they are light years away.As an end note , I received this book as an XMAS present , I finished this book in its entirety in 4 hours . That should explain to how much I enjoyed the book ; this one is a keeper for an old school b-boy .
 Graffiti art has seen a revival of late . In Melbourne , Nike commissioned several graffiti artists to illustrate cartoony characters in an ambient media tie-in to its `` You 're Faster Than You Think '' TV campaign . In October of 2004 , Spiewalk streetwear hosted a gallery exhibition in which a dozen artists - many of them clearly inspired by graffiti or graffiti artists themselves - designed one-of-a-kind parka jackets that were subsequently posted on eBay for a charity auction . That same month , The New York Times Magazine wrote an article about the Web site woostercollective.com , which is a showcase for street art . So what better time than for Martha Cooper , the pioneer -LRB- along with Henry Chalfant -RRB- of graffiti photojournalism , to throw in her two cents , or subway tokens for that matter . But rather than simply come out with outtakes of her and Chalfant 's seminal book `` Subway Art '' -LRB- Thames & Hudson , London -RRB- , Cooper was clever enough to expand on the graffiti scene in the aptly titled `` Hip Hop Files
 I purchased this book several months ago , but did n't pick it up until I left for a road trip.I wished I had picked it up sooner . I found myself not putting it down , I always wanted to know what was going to happen next.Greg & Adrian appeared to be the perfect couple , that is until he popped the question.What seemed to be the perfect relationship , turned into complete maddness.I could not get into some of Greg 's womanizing friends . But I love the fact , that with all the hate Greg had for his mother , he looked beyound that and moved foward.But my heart ached for Greg when he found Adrian with Carla.It showed that , fairy tales do n't always come true.Great first work for Ms.Spencer , I ca n't wait to see what you have in store for your second book .
 This novel was a very quick read . The characters were well developed and so was the story line . I loved the way it ended it gave the story a close . I recommend this novel to anyone .
 Very entertaining . I felt for Greg and found him refreshing ; loathe his mother but she was the only one who peeped what was going on ; pitied his father but cheered him at the same time for being a strong man ; cheered for Adrian until her lies and plots were discovered ; found her parents strange until I knew what they knew ; found Greg 's friends true to life and hilarious ! This book was funny but half-way through I knew what the deal was . However , with that said , the ending was great ! This is a fast-paced and funny read .
 I purchased this book just because of the title . I like stories with a little drama and action . This is a well written book with a good storyline and an excellent twist at the end . What really caught my interest was the story of the missing mother . I really ca n't understand how a mother could leave her children . -LRB- That 's a whole other story -RRB- I have passed this book on to three other family members and they enjoyed as well . Good writing and I will be waiting for the next one .
 A good read I enjoyed the story line . However if your an advid reader like myself you will find this book very predictable .
 I must admit , months ago , when I read the excerpt on Amazon.com , I decided that I must read this novel . Ms Spencer does a wonderful job with her first book/novel . This story weaves the life of Greg Alston -- an intelligent , upwardly mobile , brother -- who after many years of playing the field , has finally settled on his one and only . From his engagement until nearly the end of the book , every woman in Greg 's life does something to make him re-evaluate what is going on . Greg is drawn closer to his mother , who left the family when he was a child , and sister , who becomes a religious zealot . And we wo n't even get into what his fiancee puts him through . Through it all , Greg winds up growing even more than he ever thought that he would.I recommend this to anyone who needs a good pleasure read . Ms. Spencer 's novel is quite entertaining and a perfect way to fill a weekend .
 This was a really good book . My book club read this book , and everyone loved it ! I like the way the author grabs your attention at the begining of the book and you just know that something is about to jumb off , so you ca n't put the book down until you get to that part . I would recommend this book to anyone . It was an excellent read . This book had twist and even some hidden mystery in it . I hope she keeps up the good work with her second novel . Good Luck !!!!!! A very Satisfied reader !
 This book was very entertaining . I was laughing through the chapters . There was a lot that happened to this brotha . I felt sorry for him and some of the things that happened to him . I felt that the mother owed them so much . The author covered a lot of ground in a short time . This product was a page-turner . If you need a lift , get this book .
 This book is a page turner . It will have you guessing about the ending . I wonder who did Ms. Spencer get the male outlook from , but whoever it is is real . The ending is a shocker , but so is the middle and the beginning . It will keep you laughing .
 ITS WOMEN LIKE ADRIEN THAT MAKE GOOD BLACK MEN LIKE GREG DECIDE TO CROSS OVER TO THE OTHER SIDE OF THE SPECTUM . MAN WHEN HE FOUND HER ... AND ALL SHE HAD TO SAY WAS ... THAT WAS JUST TOO MESSED UP . I CA N'T EVEN BEGIN TO THINK OF A WORD TO DESCRIBE ADRIAN AND HER CRUEL CRUEL WAYS . HIS MOTHER KNEW FROM THE BEGINNING THAT THERE WAS SOMETHING FOUL ABOUT HER BUT SHE JUST COULD N'T PUT HER FINGER ON IT . MOMA ALWAYS KNOWS . FOR ALL YA 'LL OUT THERE THAT HAVE READ THE BOOK YOU KNOW WHAT I 'M TALKING ABOUT . SO TO ALL THE GREGS OUT THERE KEEP YA HEAD UP AND DO N'T GIVE UP BECAUSE THERE ARE STILL GOOD BLACK WOMEN OUT THERE ! SHERISE , HONEY I DO N'T EVEN HAVE ANY WORDS FOR WOMEN LIKE HER . ITS GREAT TO BE INTO CHURCH AND EVERYTHING BUT YOU HAVE TO REMEMBER THAT THE PEOPLE IN THE CHURCH ARE JUST THAT PEOPLE AND REMEMBER THAT JUST BECAUSE YOU SEE THEM IN CHURCH DO N'T MEAN THEY 'RE SAINTS .
 To the person who said this was a `` terrible book '' , I disagree and I think you -LRB- for some reason -RRB- are extremely jealous or bitter and you keep misspelling the author 's name . That 's right , I think you 've written several bad reviews . But for all the hate you put on this site , the more love Camika will get and she will blow up because for every action , there is an equal and opposite reaction . When All Hell Breaks Loose was not perfect , but it sure was exciting and it kept me reading . I do n't think she set black women back at all . If nothing , she finally showed that we as black women can be just as deceitful as black men . And the church issue was real too for people who think they are too holy to make mistakes . At any rate , I think if people ca n't give honest constructive criticism without lashing out , they need to keep their bitter word to themselves . No , they need to write a book and have Random House pick it up and see what people have to say about it .
 This book had me . It started out slower then I would have liked but I could feel that there was `` something '' BIG in store . I am very pleased that I fininshed because it was most definiltey worth the wait .
 NOT MUCH TO SAY ABOUT THIS BOOK , EXCEPT IT WAS A PAGE TURNER ; I COULD N'T PUT IT DOWN . ENJOYED IT ALOT .
 I found this book to be refreshing and extremely funny . I was laughing out loud through out the book . I look forward to her next book .
 This is the story about a man who decides that he has found the woman for him and wants to get married . It is funny and cute to see his adoration of his intended however , she has a secret which is pretty easy to figure out around the middle of the book . However , getting to the revelation of the secret and the subsequent consequences is a very funny , entertaining and thought provoking journey . There were some descriptions and lines in this book that were utterly hilarious . My favorite part was the house party . It brought back memories from parties and people in my own past . This is really a delightful read which is very entertaining and very well written .
 Camika Spencer 's debut novel , When All Hell Breaks Loose , is a funny story about Gregory Alston and the way he deals with the women in his life ... his mother , his bride to be Adrian , and his sister . All hell does break loose when Gregory and Adrian 's nuptuials take a nose dive causing Gregory to abandon his benevolence and question his manhood . Meanwhile Gregory 's ` religious ' sister gets duped in a sordid love affair causing Gregory to almost loose his religion . Lastly , Gregory must deal with the reappearance of his ` long lost ' mother . Camika uses witty dialogue , poignant details , and an engaging story to pull you into the perils of Gregory 's life . Enjoy the ride .
 I 'd read the reviews and for the most part the reviews did nothing for me in the way of swaying me . This book was good . No , it was n't Invisible Life or Disappearing Acts , but it was funny , thrilling , the characters were real , the story line flowed and above all , this book told it 's story from a 20-something perspective , which I totally enjoyed . Sure it was predictable , but what Black story is n't . For once , this author told a side of our lives that we dare to address and I applaud her for it . I 'm waiting on the next book .
 This book was a easy read . I enjoyed the book , had a few laughs and called a few people in the book dumb a -- es . I only wished that Ms. Spencer elaborated more on the mother and all the hurt and dissapointment with the family and all the drama that was inflicted by the good Rev. Dixion with his conniving self . Realistically , all hell would have broken loose if this was a real family . Maybe near the end with all of drama each memember was having would have brought them closer together , but pretending and keeping opinions to yourself , I do n't think so . There were several scenes in the book that could have really highten the finale . I did not see thru Adrian at first , but the oral dial and the observation of the mother made me pay a little more attention to the imposter . I thought that the person was going to be Shareese , all Hell would have definitely broken loose then . The ending was cool . I like the way Ms. Spencer added that touch from Adrian . Even though the sister should have left well enough alone and hide under a rock somewhere , but after reading I guess person of her nature had to justify her actions . Circle of Freinds Book CLub II , Atlanta
 ITS WOMEN LIKE ADRIEN THAT MAKE GOOD BLACK MEN LIKE GREG DECIDE TO CROSS OVER TO THE OTHER SIDE OF THE SPECTUM . MAN WHEN HE CAUGHT HER ... AND ALL SHE COULD SAY WAS ... THAT WAS JUST TOO ... I CA N'T EVEN BEGIN TO THINK OF A WORD TO DESCRIBE ADRIAN AND HER CRUEL CRUEL WAYS . FOR ALL YA 'LL OUT THERE THAT HAVE READ THE BOOK YOU KNOW WHAT I 'M TALKING ABOUT . SO TO ALL THE GREGS OUT THERE KEEP YA HEAD UP AND DO N'T GIVE UP BECAUSE THERE ARE STILL GOOD BLACK WOMEN OUT THERE !!!!
 I enjoyed the book , however , at times , I thought it was slow and very predictable . Sometimes it felt as if the author was dragging the storyline out to add length to the book . On the other hand , it was an easy enjoyable read .
 A wonderful book to read . Once I started reading it I hated to put it down but I did have to sleep sometime . Camika did an excellent job .
 First of all , I would like to say thank you for coming out to our book club meeting to discuss When All Hell Breaks Loose . We focused on alot of topics except for `` A Thought from Adrian . '' She made a strong point that I think your e-mailers should think about ... `` I think people spend too much time weighing the costs , which only leads to confusion , self-denial , lies , broken egos , and broken hearts . Maybe one day , it wo n't be necessay to pretend . '' I belive there all alot of pretenders out there ... Take care and good luck Camika on your second novel.Karen Combs -LRB- Sisterhood Book Club -RRB-
 It 's been a while since I read a novel in one day , but I just could not put this one down . For a first time novelist , Ms Spencer did an excellent job taking us through the lives of Adrian and Greg . We got to meet their friends and family . One could feel a part of the story . This book was easy reading , funny and thought provoking . A surprise twist at the end , kind of disappointed me , but it takes nothing from the book . I was especially impressed at how Ms Spencer was able to write this book from a male perspective and make it so real . I ca n't wait for the next book .
 Perfect title for the perfect ending . This book kept me guessing all the way to the very end !!! The mother may not have been in her son 's life while he was growing up , but once she returned , the mother 's intuition was right on target . All I can say is the book is DEEP !!! Ca n't say too much without giving the plot away .
 From the 1st page , I could n't put it down . This book is so Hot , you 're burning to know whats going to happen . Miss Camika Spencer , I 'm waiting foryour next book . Please ! Keep it entertaining !!!
 WHEN ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE is a fantastic book to read on a slow Saturday afternoon . I enjoyed it because I could never have anticipated the twist and turns the story takes . I think Ms. Spencer is on her way to becoming a very popular writer .
 Is this really Ms. Spencer 's first novel ? This was an outstanding read . I had to remember at times that this was being written by a woman . She did a wonderful job with the writing and with all of the characters . We got to know the characters without them becoming to boring or getting too much information on them . What an ending too !! I am anxiously awaiting her next book . Much success and blessings in all your endeavors . Peace !!
 Is this really Ms. Spencer 's first novel ? This was an outstanding read . I had to remember at times that this was being written by a woman . She did a wonderful job with the writing and with all of the characters . We got to know the characters without them becoming to boring or getting too much information on them . What an ending too !! I am anxiously awaiting her next book . Much success and blessings in all your endeavors . Peace !!
 Let 's see -- the thing I loved the most about this book is the surprising twist . While I was reading it , at first I could n't tell what was going on , but after I realized what happened , I felt the story was quite interesting to say the least . I must commend Ms. Spencer on her first novel and I look forward to `` Cubicles . ''
 Camika Spencer is an author whose writing style takes you on a journey into the day and life of Gregory Alston , a brotha with more than his fair share of drama to deal with . Everything about this book kept me from putting it down ... I was n't satisfied until I finished it . When All Hell Breaks Loose is a great contemporary read for young and old . I 'm telling everyone I know that ALL HELL HAS BROKEN LOOSE !!!!!!
 An excellent book of `` Cat and Mouse '' -LRB- so to speak -RRB- . I thought this was an excellent book . It was easy reading , interest ... A real page turner with a twist .
 My Mother is the President of a Dallas book club , which i did n't participate in . And i ` am not much of a reader , but this was one of the books that my mother first gave me to read , once i started to read again . And i must say that this is the most entertaining books that I 've read in a long time . I felt very sorry for Greg he was a very nice guy . One a girl like myself could appreciate and to be deceived the way Adrian did was i would have bopped !!!! on her head to . Ms Spencer you keep up the outstanding work and give the world more entertainment like this to read ... God Bless .
 AFTER READING THIS NOVEL , I WAS IMPRESSED WITH THIS YOUNG AND TALENTED YOUNG LADY . YOU 'LL GET CAUGHT-UP IN THE STORY , AND THE LIVES OF THE GREG AND ADRIAN . THIS BOOK MAY GET YOU BIG TROUBLE IF YOU TAKE IT TO WORK . TAKE IT TO WORK , READ IT ON YOUR LUNCH BREAK , BUT PLEASE TRY NOT TO GET CAUGHT UP , TO MUCH . BECAUSE ONCE YOU START TO READING THIS NOVEL , YOU WILL NOT WANT TO PUT IT DOWN .
 It took me forever to find this book . When it came in the mail , I immediately started reading it . I finished it in one day . It was well written . The flow was great . Did n't get bored or slow at any point . I really felt so bad for Greg when he found out about Adrian . I kept wondering why his mother did n't like her . This book will keep you turning the pages to find out more .
 After I finally found the book it was really worth it . Greg was so in love it hurt me to read what Adrian did to him . That goes to show you everything good to you is not good for you !!!!!! The key to the book was when his mother told him she heard Carla & Adrian fussing over Tim . A must read book by a sister !!!!!!!!!!!
 In reading the book `` When All Hell Breaks Loose '' , one gets a feeling that this is the beginnng of a new era in African-American fiction . Not only are the people and situations real , they have depth . Camika seems to have a fresh feel of the African American culture . Her insight into the black church as well as different perspective on the black male may force many to re-analyze the way they view black men in general . A quick and easy read . Five stars ... best book I 've read since , '' Hazed '' by Walter Anderson .
 Due to my long hours during the school year as a school teacher , I find it relaxing to save most of my books for the summer to read . I decided to read this over the summer and it only took me about 5 days -LRB- I have a 1-year old -RRB- to read . This was a great book . I enjoyed it . I would recommend it to anyone -LRB- male or female -RRB- who likes reading about our lives and situations . I was able to find a character that I could relate to .
 This Book was a page-turning from beginning to end . The narrator , Gregory , had no idea what he started once he decides to propose to his girlfriend of three years . Everything around him just spins into disarray . His sister , Shreese 's begns to see a precher , who Gregory believes has somehting up his sleeves . His `` long lost '' mother reappears back in his life and tries and start off again before she decided to leave to pursure her music career . Gregory 's Dad appears to falling in love again with the woman who left him . What else can go wrong ? Gregory 's buddies do n't make life much easier , but they just add to the humour that lies within this book . In the end everyone benefits from the `` DRAMA '' and grows individually . I enjoyed this book and await for another read .
 This one was funny in places , a lot of truth , but sad in a lot of spots . I loved the character of Jamal . I thought that brother had it going on . The rest of them I was concerned about . It was a good page turner . Peace and love , Breezee
 This novel was truly a page turner from start to finish ! I believe my pleasure with it lies in the author 's ability to delve into the minds of men to reveal how they cope with and feel about women who betray , lie and reject them .
 I picked up this book and from there it was on and poppin ' . I 'd read the reviews after a friend told me about the book and the reviews seemed -LRB- for the most part -RRB- pretty supportive . I like a good fast book too . With little mouths to feed and job and school , reality is all too much of my life so I needed some good fiction . When All Hell Breaks Loose was it . Even though Adrian was n't honest and disrespected Greg , I know sisters out there who are foolin ' brothers so it was n't far from a certain truth -LRB- no insult to the real lesbians of the world but Adrian was confused , do n't act like you do n't know -RRB- . Does anyone know about Cubicles ? Will it be a sequel ? I agree with the movie idea too . I loved this book ! Oh , the language was a bit much , but I gave room for Ms. Spenser being a first time novelist . She 'll get better because her story had all the great qualities of a good novel .
 I 'd read the reviews and for the most part the reviews did nothing for me in the way of swaying me . This book was good . No , it was n't Invisible Life or Disappearing Acts , but it was funny , thrilling , the characters were real , the story line flowed and above all , this book told it 's story from a 20-something perspective , which I totally enjoyed . Sure it was predictable , but what Black story is n't . For once , this author told a side of our lives that we dare to address and I applaud her for it . I 'm waiting on the next book .
 This book was great , but any person with a bit of perception could see where it was going . Do n't get me wrong , that did n't take from it . Sister got skills . I 'm talking about the author , here . Mad props are sent to Camika for such a suspense filled book .
 I THOUGHT SHE STARTED OUT KIND OF SLOW . HOWEVER , CAMIKA DOES A GOOD JOB OF GETTING YOUR MIND TURNING AS YOU READ THE NOVEL . YOU KNOW SOMETHING IS NOT RIGHT AND YOU KEEP READING TO TRY AND FIGURE IT OUT ON YOUR OWN . I WAS ABLE TO FIGURE IT OUT BUT I WAS STILL SURPRISED AT THE END . THE LAST FEW CHAPTERS WILL MAKE YOU SPEED READ IT 'S SO GOOD . SHE DID A GOOD JOB OF TOUCHING ON AN ISSUE MOST PEOPLE DO N'T LIKE TO ADMIT IS OUT THERE . I 'LL DEFINITELY LOOK FORWARD TO HER NEXT NOVEL .
 I really enjoyed the book . The funniest part to me was when Greg told his friend to bring their own glasses the next time they vist his home . I am a faithful reader of black authors , and I rank them one as a one to read . I am looking forward to the next book .
 This book was so good , that I finished it in 12 hours . My Book Club -LRB- The Black Online Book Club -RRB- will defintily read this book next month . Congrats go out to Ms. Spencer , for a wonderful , ca n't put it down , funny first novel .
 This was a very exciting book . I finished it in 2 days . I cant wait for the next book .
 In the beginning of the book I thought that she was going into too much detail describing every scene to the tee . But let me tell you nothing would have prepared me for what happened in this book . It was full of surprizes however one thing was apparent if you know how to read into things . My suggestion is get the book ! Read it for yourself and laugh to you cry . As another reader said relationships are full of surprizes !
 I must really be suspicious of people but I feel alot like Greg when it comes to personal relationships and end being let down , constantly . Maybe , I 'm choosing the wrong people or think that with the successes I have realized that the people that I interact with are quality people . Maybe , I 'm too gullible or soft . Whatever the case , the story line was another of those reality checks . I really liked the book . It was very true to life . It strongly expressed the point that we can not truly know everything about a person and disappointments lie at everybody 's door . This book was realistic for the society we live in today . Adrian had all the status symbols that spell `` conformist '' , `` successful '' , `` safe '' , and `` assimilation '' , and she still failed the test in the end . It 's great to know that life goes on and `` after the rain , the sun -LRB- truly -RRB- does shine again '' !
 I thought this was an excellent book . The characters in the story seemed realistic . I really got into the story when Gregory 's mother came back and how he dealth with her return in a very realistic way not with deep hidden anger . The title is so true , once Gregory proposed to his girl , Adrian , all hell does break loose .
 This book was so good ! I mean who would have ever thought that Adrian would turn out the way she did , I mean I was truly shocked . When you can read a novel and not know what to expect you got yourself a good read ! Keep up the good work Camille and I look forward to reading Cubicles .
 There comes a time when there is a need for a tale of comedy , betrayal , and relationships that is actually written from a view point where both the author and the reader are taken to a familiar place . `` When All ... is a fantastic torrid story that keeps in step with the modern times . I can actually imagine people at our old alma mater playing lead characters . You have major love in Los Angeles . We need to support our young authors , because in time , who will tell our story , who will be our windows to the world . Read the book with an open mind and discover some people you may already know . Reciprocity , Ms. Emotion Brown !
 Camika , I could n't put this book down . I received it for my birthday , this was the best gift ever . The charaters are so real . I ca n't wait for your next book . Keep up the good work .
 Camika was always serious at ETSU , so to see her actually write a book with humor almost sent me to my grave . I enjoyed the book and it 's good to finally see the author relax and live a little . I never thought she 'd be an author either . All she ever did that made her smile was play Spades . The book was all that and I 'm really just glad to know that I know someone who is taking the bull by the horns and following her dream . Hey Camika , remember that water gun fight with the Omegas and the time we kidnapped the guy we thought was on line for Alpha ? Those were the days . I 'm a supporter for life ! Oo-oop !
 When All Hell Breaks Loose was indeed funny and emotional . I know all the characters too ! It was the first time in a long time , that I 've read a book that was just breezy and enjoyable without over narrating or under telling a story . Most of the things I assumed , I was correct about . The only thing I had to deal with was a mother who would leave her children . It was definitely a different twist that I 've never read in any other book . I heard about Cubicles and I can not wait to get my hands on it and see how Camika deals with a female telling her story . I heard Greg is coming back in Cubicles as well . Is that true ? If so ... THEN GOOD !
 I just went and saw The Best Man and that movie has nothing on what When All Hell Breaks Loose would do if it was put in movie form . I would like to see this book on the big screen . I can see Greg now walking in that room with Jamal and Eric . Woo ! This book is definately a good quick , funny , get away ! What can I do to let some big time producer know that they are missing out on this one at the box office ?
 Camika Spencer is the best new author that I have read in quite a long time . This book was so great that I could not put it down . The best part that I enjoyed about Ms. Spencer 's writing was how real it was . I felt like she was sitting next to me telling me the story herself . I really felt myself being a part of this book and the characters . I loved the fact that this book was written from a male 's perspective and how he really felt about love . I could go on for days about this book and Ms. Spencer 's creative talents . This was a wonderful book and I would like for Camika Spencer to know that I would recommend this novel to any and everyone I know . Keep up the GREAT work and I will look for your other books .
 I really enjoyed the writing in this book . Adrian did my boy wrong from beginning to end . The author really put this all together to make a really interesting story .
 For a first effort , I found this book to be well-detailed in creating imagery and character development . Although Shreese 's situation with Reverend and Adrian 's scandal were easy to predict , Ms. Spencer does a good job with this one ... I felt like I was in a jazz club when reading the scenes between Greg 's parents . There was some good research put into making that jazz come to life . And for those who felt that Afro-Americans were being insulted and stereotyped , lighten up ... It 's only fiction ! You know , creations from the imagination ...
 This book was okay . It is very predictable after the first couple of chapters . The author leaves very little to the imagination . The book gave away too many details too soon . I didnt have to read the whole book to predict the ending . But overall if you dont like suspense , it 's okay .
 When I first started reading the book I kept putting it down , it just was n't grabbing my attention , but once I got further into the book my curiosity got the best of me . I could n't put the book down . I could not believe that a woman would do the things that she did . Adrian Jenkins was confused and deceitful . All hell does break loose . Gregory 's relationship with his mother was sad . I understand her point for leaving but at the same time it was selfish . It not only destroyed Gregory but it also destroyed his little sister . I am definately looking forward to her next book .
 Kudos to Camika for effectively writing from a man 's point of view . I have no idea how she did it , but it was good to get inside Greg 's head . This book actually helped me understand the opposite sex a bit better . I found myself falling in love with Greg and wishing he were real so that I could hop the first plane to Dallas :-RRB- Adrian was a sick and confused sistah to say the least . I would easily rate this author 's first effort five stars if it were n't for the very predictable outcome . It was bizarre that Greg did n't see the warning signs as he told this story first person when the average reader could see right through Adrian 's schemes . Well anyway , the twist that was added to the ending almost made up for the lack of surprise . I recommend this book to the fullest .
 The only reason , I did n't give this book a rating of 5 is because I predicted a part of the story , but it did n't play out at all like I 'd predicted . This book was thoroughly entertaining.I laughed out loud on several occasions which caused people to inquire about the book . This book was better than I expected . I do n't think I 've come across a more appropriate title in a long time . Although it seems like more than hell broke loose.Despite having predictable points , the plot was well developed . I did not expect for the plot to unfold as it did . While the Alston family first appeared to be a simple family , you soon learned that life had made them all quite complex . Greg , the central character , was an interesting man-caring , sensitive , intelligent , and bitter . His relationships with his family , friends , and fiancee often led him -- particularly the women in his life . Although Greg was this intelligent man , I 'm puzzled as to why he did n't fiugre out certain things about Adrian.I understand the significance of exploring Greg 's friendships , I could have done without Phil . The ignorance of this friend and his lack of respect for women , was too over the top at times.Shreese was probably the most interesting character in this book because it was hard to believe that she was as simple/naive as she was . At first she seemed nothing more than a `` Holy Roller '' . Although things about Shreese were simple , her reasons for being were deep rooted in pain . Camika Spencer is a great storyteller , I 'm looking forward to futher works from this author .
 This book was off the chain , I had to keep looking at the back of the book and remember it was a woman writing this book . Greg and his crew sounded like typical men . Especially Tim . The mom , ummmm . Pops , was the man . Shreese girl get yourself together . Adrian , you skank . Needless to say I thoroughly enjoyed the wook , read it in two days . I look forward to more work from Camika Spencer .
 I purchased this book several months ago , but did n't pick it up until I left for a road trip.I wished I had picked it up sooner . I found myself not putting it down , I always wanted to know what was going to happen next.Greg & Adrian appeared to be the perfect couple , that is until he popped the question.What seemed to be the perfect relationship , turned into complete maddness.I could not get into some of Greg 's womanizing friends . But I love the fact , that with all the hate Greg had for his mother , he looked beyound that and moved foward.But my heart ached for Greg when he found Adrian with Carla.It showed that , fairy tales do n't always come true.Great first work for Ms.Spencer , I ca n't wait to see what you have in store for your second book .
 Camika Spencer 's debut novel is about black twenty something . It is fast and funny . The author will have you laughing and looking in the mirror to see if she 's talking about you -LRB- whether you 're black or white -RRB- . On a Sunday morning Gregory Alston has asked Adrian Jenkins to marry him , but when he does all hell breaks loose and he gets more than he bargained for . His mother returns from France , where she has been living since she left the family 20 years ago . His Holy Roller sister Shreese thinks that Adrain is too worldly for Gregory . His dad has locked himself in the bathroom and refuses to come out after his dog dies . His son thinks he is just plain crazy . And if that is n't enough he has Adrain who has more skeletons in her closet than a haunted house . What 's a brother to do?I get the impression that the author , who is black , wrote this book for a black audience . But after reading it I feel it could be about any American family . I know all can enjoy it . What a wonderful read this was . If you liked the movie SOUL FOOD you will love this book .
 When All Hell Breaks Loose is a page-turning , entertaining , hilarious , easy to read novel written from the main character , Gregory Alston 's perspective . In the midst of preparing for his wedding , Gregory is trying to keep it all together while those close to him appear to be falling apart . His sister , Shreese is carrying on in a scandalous love affair and his mom is back on the scene for his wedding and to rekindle the fire with her husband and a mother-dear relationship with her now grown children . Of course , we ca n't forget Gregory 's male cronies who bring a new meaning to the word dysfunctional or Adrian his fiancee who `` has more skeletons in her closet than a haunted house . `` I enjoyed When All Hell Breaks Loose and Believe that as Ms. Spencer matures/grows as a writer so will her writing skills ; HOWEVER , as a first time writer she 's included all the elements which make a book entertaining ... crafty/vivid scenes , witty dialogue , interesting characters ... and managed to tell a predictable plot in a humorous manner . Additionally , Ms. Spencer was able to tell the story from a male perspective and add sub-plots that smoothly fit into the storyline.I agree that Ms. Spencer writing reaches folks who probably would n't think of picking up a book for pleasure ; however , When All Hell Breaks Loose even had some of the 40-something , love to read crowd LOLROTF -LRB- laughing out loud rolling on the floor -RRB- ... and that suits me just fine.If You Want To Forget About the Responsibilities of Today and Do n't Take Yourself Too Serious Then Check Out Ms. Spencers book .
 HELL-o ! This book had me crackin ' up ! I read WHEN ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE over one weekend . I thought my weekend was going to be boring because I had nothing to do , well it was just the opposite . I have never laughed so hard while reading a book in my life!Camika Spencer has such a unique talent of being able to express life from the male perspective , which is very challenging for a female author to do , which is all-the-more reason to have respect for such bright author.Gregory Alston , the main character , has it all ; a fiance , a promising career , a cool posse to hang with and a strong sense of self-esteem . All hell breaks loose when the women in his life start to wear him down . Greg 's sister goes even more church-crazy than she already is , his runaway mother returns and fiance unleashes the key to hell for Gregory when her true colors fly and she gets caught.I guarantee the fact that every woman who is looking for a good man or believes that a good man is hard to find will want to slap Greg 's fiance , Adrian , by the time she has read the entire novel . Why ? Well , you 'd have to read it to find out.WHEN ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE is also great because it is what I call a unisex book , meaning that it 's enjoyable to both men and women . I thoroughly enjoyed the fact that after I read this book I could not only talk to other women about it ; but that I could converse with men about it as well.I look forward to more work from Camika Spencer .
 This book is about a 29 year old man , Greg , who proposes to his girlfriend of three years , Adrian . Greg believes that everything is great until all HELL breaks loose . First his sister , Shereese , begins to date a bogus minister from her church . Then all of a sudden Greg 's mother comes back to Dallas for his wedding . It does n't sound that bad , but it 's a problem for Greg because the last time he saw her was nineteen years ago , before she left to go to France to pursue her singing career . To top it off , Greg finds out something about Adrian that is going to shock him and change the way he feels about the love of his life.I had a good time reading this book . It took me like a day and a half to finish because I could n't stop laughing at Greg 's friends . It 's pretty cool how Camika Spencer can get into a mans head and write this book . If you did n't know who the author was , you would think that it was a man writing this book . Overall , I recommend this book to those that have a sense of humor and just want to read an easy book after they have read something mind blowing. : -RRB-
 Well my bookclub enjoyed every page of this book she was a new author for us and we got our money worth . Boy Adrian was something else but we knew something was n't right about her and to do a man like that you are what you are and she did n't have to bring Greg into her life like that , but his mother was a for real women and I 'm glad the sister got her head on straight . You will enjoy this book I passed it on and everyone say the same thing I could n't stop reading .
 This book was an easy read and funny from beginning to end . I am an avid reader of African American authors and Camika Spencer kept my attention throughout the entire read . I do n't know how she attained such a vivid man 's point of view but it was excellent . Thank you for giving me something to do during a boring week of jury duty . I read Cubicles the first day and When all Hell Breaks Loose the second . This is definitely a book that I will recommend to others !
 When all hell breaks loose , it really breaks loose . The main character Greg is a positive role model and has it going on in his life . His business is booming , his friends are challenging and things are working well with the lady love in his life , enough so that he proposes.As in real life , what happens when things go well , all hell breaks loose and when you think it can not get any worse , it does.This is a page turner and a nice debut novel . It is easy to complete in one setting . It was easy to predict what was going to happen in the end and the author took a few twist to arrive there . One downfall was that the prediction came to early in the book if you are a suspense reader , but it did not detract from the book . A little more developing of the characters will come as Ms. Spencer continues to write , and I expect we will receive more writings from this author .
 Camika , I feel you girl . You are an awesome writer . I knew this story was too good to be true . What was wrong with Adrian ? Mother knows best . Gregs mother knew something was n't right about Adrian.Church going Shreese . She was just plain silly . I did n't feel sorry for her at all . My heart went out to Greg because he was all ready to settle down with Adrian but she had to go and mess things up.Camila , I await your next novel . Keep up the good work . Be Blessed !
 I just closed the book -LRB- finished 5 minutes ago -RRB- , this was an awesome book , for this to be Ms. Spencer 's first novel . I loved the male characters , especially Tim . I am really looking forward to reading her future projects . Hope we can get them here in Sicily . I commend you ! You go girl !
 I dont care what was wrong with this book . If I could n't put it down then that says a lot ! I read the other reviews where people were disappointed and all that , but it takes work and commitment to even write a paragraph let alone a book . Camika , do n't let those other comments hinder you because I 've yet to read their work . YOur book did have flaws but who 's book does n't ? All I can say is the book grabbed my attention and I had to finish it no matter what . That 's the definition of a good book . I do n't like sappy endings either and yours allowed me to come up with my own conclusions . I 'm sure Random House is helping you with everything else . I 'm forever in your corner because you 've done what most of us only dream about .
 I visited the Amazon site several time before buying this book . I do n't like incohesive contemporary African American tales and there are many out there . But I finally gave in after so many people said they had read it in two or three days . When I first picked it up I was amazed at the way the author spoke in Greg 's voice . Except for a few things -LRB- never saying much to his mother -RRB- Greg was on point . I liked his homeboys and I even laughed when the Reverend was praying at the table . The imagination put into this book is to be commended . I think this author will go far if she remains pure to what makes her writed such interesting books .
 This book was an emotional rollercoaster for me . I bought it and read it in 3 days . By the time I finished I was breathing hard and mad at Adrian . She knew better . Maybe she did n't . I need a sequel !
 I have an original copy of Ms. Spencer 's book . Although there were errors and things of that nature , the story grabbed me and pulled me in so much that I knew all she needed was some touch ups . I was surprised to see the book in Hard Cover and glad to see that Random House saw this diamond in the rough . Keep writing and pushing Camika ! I am telling everyone about you !
 I am also a graduate of East Texas State University and I am glad to see a fellow alumni do so well . This book is absolutely AWESOME . I read it in less than 24 hours and I could not put it down . I read a lot of books and this one is definitely in my top five . I would recommend this book for anyone , male or female . I feel Camika did a wonderful job writing from the male perspective and I look forward to buying her next book .
 I just finished reading When ALl Hell Breaks Loose , and I must say I was deeply impressed with the writing and creativity displayed by Ms. Spencer . Her characters were exciting and three dimensional and her words seemed to leap off the page and electrify my mind ! I particularly loved her male character Greg , and the fact that she wrote so well from a male perspective . I predict great things are on the horizon for you , sister Camika , and I am happily spreading the word about your talent and strong literary voice . You were wonderful to indulge us with a few paragraphs in Philly , and I look forward to reading CUBICLES . Peace and blessings !
 When ALL Hell Breaks Loose , was excellent it kept me turning the pages . I ca n't wait for Cubicles .
 i was very pleased to read that not only do us ladies go through what Greg went through . it is also so nice to read that there are some men who give ladies a benefit of a doubt before going off about some he say she say mess . but futhermore it was a very funny book with a lot of twists and turns in it . a must read if you have a sense of humor and a soft spot about relationships .
 This book ia a great page-turning read ! Character development is good and the plot has substance ! The subtle hints dropped throughout the story line , makes the reader WANT TO KNOW , as opposed to setting the book aside , assuming the outcome . I look forward to the author 's upcoming novel - I think Ms. Spencer 's presence will be definitely felt , especially in the African American literary community . For those of you who have n't - pick up this book and Njoy !
 I loved reading this book . It 's `` The Best Man '' with a twist . I agree with one of the other reviews , You do n't know who or what you are dating . It 's a serious game and sometimes it can be deadly . It 's true that when you are not honest about who you are or what you want with your mate you do end up wasting their time and yours . Besides if you 're not honest from the start you end up making decisiona for them that should be theirs . I would recommend this book to everyone . It 's a real page turner .
 that is exactly what happens in this book . appropriate title . good fast read for all
 Do we really KNOW the people we are dating ? Well Greg soon finds out that the person he plans to marry , has plenty of skeletons in the closet , and it blows him away . This was a page turner . My heart went out to Greg , because he really loved Adrian . She should have been upfront with him . The story was so realistic . Thumps up to you Camika , this was a very good book .
 AWESOME AND QUITE INTERESTING WRITIN
 This was a very interesting book , with a twist . At first the book was slow pace ; however , as the characters were developing , it started to pick up . The author did a very good job with her first novel and I recommend this book to others . I am still a little confused on the title since I was left a little disappointed on when the REAL Hell BROKE LOOSE ... I gave this book a 4 star rating because the author did a very good job in her writing skills where it was easy to picture the scenes .
 YOu go girl Camika ... You did a great job for this being your first novel . . Once I got past page three I was hooked -LRB- reading the book at traffic lights -RRB- I hope your next book is a page turner like this one was ... Again thanks
 This book was great . I found myself laughing aloud at the outrageous , yet all too realistic situations that the characters got themselves into . This was a really well-written , very entertaining , and quick read . One of very FEW books that I would not mind seeing on the big screen ... the author is to be commended for her excellent work . I ca n't wait for Cubicles .
 This was an excellent book to read . Camika did a first-rate job writing this book . Some characters are somewhat neurotic but very real , mixing church house drama with love and betrayal makes for an excellent discussion and that 's just what we experienced for our book club . I predict wonderful things for this inspired young diva .
 First of all , I would like to say thank you for coming out to our book club meeting to discuss When All Hell Breaks Loose . We focused on alot of topics except for `` A Thought from Adrian . '' She made a strong point that I think your e-mailers should think about ... `` I think people spend too much time weighing the costs , which only leads to confusion , self-denial , lies , broken egos , and broken hearts . Maybe one day , it wo n't be necessay to pretend . '' I belive there all alot of pretenders out there ... Take care and good luck Camika on your second novel.Karen Combs -LRB- Sisterhood Book Club -RRB-
 From page one I was engrossed in the lives of the characters . I wish that Adrian was honest with Greg from the beginning . I kept wondering why Greg 's mother did n't approve of Adrian . She wanted to be supportive but knew something was n't right about Adrian . As the old saying goes , Mother knows best ! I have recommended this book to several of my sister/friends . Camika , you have an unique writing style . I awake your next release . Be Blessed ...
 There is one time that you want to run for cover and that is when ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE . This book is a valiant effort by the , young , black female , self published author Camika Spencer . I was impressed by her ability to make one feel as though these were close personal friends you are reading bout . I finished the book within 48 hours of picking it up . I would hihgly recommend this book if you are looking for drama , suspense and good down home folk to read about . I guarantee that once you pick it up you wo n't want to put it down . It is far from a slow read which is a good thing for those of us who can be easily bored bybooks that drag on . . This young lady is destined for a dynamic stint as an author and I ca n't wait to see what she produces next . Not only was her book a good read but she was very friendly and perosnable at the book signing I attended in Atlanta . BUY the BOOK ... it is well worth the $ 12.00 you 'll spend .
 I just read this a few months ago , after passing it up several times . I was pleasantly surprised once I started reading this one . I felt so bad for Gregory but at the same time I wanted to slap him upside the head and yell `` WAKE UP '' . He was a good `` Black Man '' and I hated to see him get mistreated by Adrian . Gregory 's friends added a little variety and had me laughing much of the time . I loved the story surrounding his parents and his father deserved much respect for buckling down and raising his children on his own after Louise left . What can I say about the holly-rolling sister -LRB- Sherise -RRB- , somebody should have given her a clue . Unfortunately , there are sisters out there , being taken by `` No-Good , Fraudulent Men , Supposedly Doing God 's Work '' . I 'm glad she finally got it in the end . Loved this story and the characters were so real . Great book , Great read .
 This was one of the most explosive books I 've read in a hot minute ! I could n't put the book down and it turned out that I read the book in day and a half . Shreese and the Pastor . Greg and Adrian . Greg and Louise . Louise and Adolphus . Louise and Adrian . Adrian and Shreese . Phil and Simone . Tim and Simone . Tim and Carla . This was a good book !
 Although this is the author 's debut novel , it was written as though she is a seasoned author . While I figured out what the deal was with Adrian early on , the events leading up to her true identity were captivating . I kept wondering if the author would actually have Greg catch Adrian in the act . Well , he did , which was really the climax of the book . I particularly liked the way the author brought Greg around and allowed him to reconcile with his mother . The author was particulary skillful in showing how we can oftentimes assume a lot of things that are n't necessarily the way we assumed them to be , which was the case with Greg . He assumed so many things about his mother that turned out not to be the case at all . The author did an excellent job of progressing the novel in such a way that did n't leave gaps or a disjointed feeling . Camika Spencer is an excellent writer . Move over Terri McMillian and Bebe Moore Campbell . Make room for Camika Spencer !
 This is a wonderful first effort from Camika Spencer . Drama , however , is a perfect word to describe it . I thought the ideas were set on a great stage of characters , personalities and situations . We were able to follow our main character -LRB- Greg -RRB- throughout some very difficult and stressful times in his life . I absolutely love the interaction between Greg , his friends , his family , and his coworkers . The character development was absolutely great . There were n't too many that we were confused of who was who or what aura they possessed . I was quite pleased with the book . It was a fairly easy read and there was just enough suspense to keep you looking for the plot and the outcome . Personally , I was pleased to be able to follow Greg as he matured in this situation . I would much rather find my characters changed and mature at the end of a novel , than falling into the same scenarios . Ms. Spencer has done an excellent job with her premier novel . I look forward to more of her work .
 My grandmother wrote this book . I arranged the clip art for it.I think it is awesome ...
 This is an interesting book which will give you a lot of insight into daily life in the 19th century . There is a lot that is outdated in terms of daily living , education and of course technology . However , there are some gems in this book . For instance , she talks about how she helped her corns on her foot by placing a cut cranberry on them . She also recommends a raw onion for a wasp sting.For anyone interested in historical views , there are sections on raising daughters , how to deal with poverty and philosophy about travel .
 Some would pick this book up and say it pertains to nothing we do today , but read on ! I think anyone running a household should read this book , and learn how to save for a rainy day . I loved reading it and I will use it as a reference when needed . I may not be saving the same items as they did in 1833 or cooking the same types of food but there are lessons anyone can learn from this book .
 She believes you shuldnt have to spend money unless you really have to . Sickness / health should be your number one priority for spending . You shuld develop savings habits . Both husband and wife need to be invested in the budget.the one issue I have have is on the point of travel . She disagrees with it . I see her point , but my livfe is entwined in travel because my wife is american and I 'm australian . She offers no help for us ; - -RRB-
 This book is a great read . I was facinated by all the topics it covered and how things were done in the 1800 ` sIt 's amazing people lived through some of the remidies !
 Great reading and info even after all these years , specially if your into off grid stuff , well worth it . Some things never change ...
 I found this book to be very entertaining . We are so used to our creature comforts that we really do n't realize how much work daily life was in the 1800s .
 thanks for compiling these recipes . They were fun to read , and although I am certain that I am not going to make any of them , it was fun reading them .
 Do I have anything in common with a Massachusetts housewife from 1832 ? This book is `` Dedicated to those who are not ashamed of economy . '' Sounds like rural Maine where I live ... hmmmm ... Nothing should be thrown away , neither TIME nor MATERIALS . Replete with Benjamin Franklin ` s sayings like `` Time is money '' `` Nothing is cheap that we do not want '' and `` A fat kitchen maketh a lean will . '' `` Self-denial , in proportion to the narrowness of your income , will be the happiest and most respectable course for you and yours . '' Can we `` prove , by the exertion of ingenuity and economy , that neatness , good taste , and gentility , are attainable without great expense '' ? Keeping busy
 I ca n't stop reading this wonderful book . I love the way she goes from one thing to another without any order . You never know what wonderful hint is coming next . A remarkable view into our not so distant past .
 This little book is filled with such wonderful information ... back when wives & mothers HAD to do so much on their own , when they did n't have the internet to `` run & look something up '' they had a wealth of information they passed along to each other & to their daughters . This is for all you women who , like me , never had `` all that stuff '' passed down to you . Just AMAZINGLY chocked full of info !
 Great historical reference text full of recipes for food -LRB- some of which we would now consider very odd -RRB- , ways to clean things , sermons on morality , and other tidbits by a woman who was very progressive in her era .
 I pick up this book for 25cents at thrift store while on vacation a few years ago for something to distract me on the plane ride home . I read it cover to cover during the 10 + hour flight and had to put it down several times for fear of waking other passengers with my fits of laughter . It has quickly become a staple reading selection amongst my friends and family . Though I do n't trust much of the advice , especially about the traditional medicinal remedies , it is a great book to pick up for a few laughs and makes an excellent conversation starter.Much of the book is straight forward simple sentences . I am a Home Ec . teacher and have read several passages to my junior high students to get them to think outside the box about resourcefulness . Overall I do n't recommend it as a cover to cover page turner -LRB- unless your sense of humor centers around Laura Ingalls -RRB- But as far as a conversation starter and reference books go , it is one of the best .
 This was a quick and enjoyable read for me on the Kindle . I loved reading about keeping house in the 19th century . It 's amazing how far we 've come , and yet what was relevant and useful then is still so today . I did pick up some tips , but mainly I just came away with a deeper respect for my great-grandmothers and all the women before them . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I 'm going to go hug my fridge , washing machine , and microwave now !
 I got this on a whim and was really pleased . It is like going back to when I was very young and at my grandmothers house . I always wondered where she got some of the creative remedies used on us boys.Without the Kindle you would be really lost . Many , many of the words are so old I really had no idea what the items being described were . The built in dictionary was fully used on this book .
 I am really enjoying this book - Child 's tone is scolding and prim but practical . It 's a great historical record and I am getting an education reading it .
 It ' a amazing to see how far our medical knowledge has come since the early 19th Century . I admire this woman tremendously - the courage it must have taken to face cholera with little more than egg whites and vinegar - but then , they did n't have a choice . I have n't finished it yet , but it 's wonderful to have a primary source like this - should have made that election cake !
 This book was a study in history . It was fascinating to read of the way things were done in 1832 . I did find a few tips to help me even now . I enjoyed the book . It was great to read with the Kindle Touch ; because , I was able to instantly look up unfamiliar words . Some of the words were n't even in that dictionary !
 I found this a very interesting book about all the things we should know before everything became so commercialised ! It would be geat to have this indexed to find solutions more readily , but it 's still a great read . Lots of practical sense that everyone should read at least once in their lifetime .
 An 1832 version of Heloise Hints . You will have a lot of fun reading this old book . It takes cooking and housekeeping back to the basics and for the cooking , she is using campfires , fireplaces and wood stoves . The author 's instructions begins with the first step on how to do things and continues to the conclusion.A must read for a Prepper and/or survivalist .
 I love this book but am totally mystified by the end cover that talks about Shakespeare 's finesse to Oscar Wilde 's wit . What ??? And amazon.com repeats it as well . Makes no sense . This is a modern woman born in the early 1800 's who wrote down all her hard-won wisdom for being a good housewife , about the only job available to women at the time . Her children must have felt so comforted to have this book to guide them in their lives as well . And I would imagine what a treasure this would have been to hand to a new bride as she started her life with her husband . Lydia M. Child was one of the first women to write against the slavery of her time and was quite a modern thinker . Even today , for the young woman who loves history , this would be the perfect wedding gift .
 I love the way this was written . I could just picture a no nonsense pioneer housewife . Not everything would pertain to the modern day but still very good .
 This book was in excellent condition . I love it . It is a little bit of history with good ideas for today .
 Excellent gift for my `` frugal '' daughter . This is the book she requested and she was so pleased with receiving it for Christmas . A grateful mom .
 Do you have an abundance of feathers ? Tired of your kerchiefs fading ? Are your children full of shenanigans ? Well , this is the book for you!Okay , modern American women may not be able to relate -LRB- because we are n't just housewives anymore and because of technology -RRB- , but Mrs. Childs does have matter-of-fact advice that many of us need to pay attention to . For example , she speaks positively of education being the foundation for all children , and she also speaks of assigning children chores -LRB- what are those ? -RRB- to complete with their brothers and sisters -LRB- because other children can or may be bad influences if they have nothing to occupy their time -RRB- . I enjoyed how she spoke of living under our means , which is something that we rarely do in a world full of credit cards and 0 % financing for blah , blah number of months . She believes that sickness should be the only `` extra '' spent out of the strict budget.With this being said , I would have enjoyed reading this better if the information was better organized -LRB- I read about preserving eggs and her trip to the mechanic all in one paragraph -RRB- . Perhaps I could absorb the information better of it had bullets ? I do n't know , but I do know that this is worth reading , especially since it is free on Kindle !
 Many sections of this book are still applicable today , especially when one looks at the state of the economy and how people are living . The section on home remedies and recipes was n't quite as pertinent to me -LRB- certain things have changed over the years , after all -RRB- . However , the sections talking about living within your means , sense of entitlement , and basic domestic abilities are spot on . The author may as well have been writing about present day , despite how much more `` advanced '' many like to believe we are . How history doeth repeat itself ...
 I purchased this book for the Amazon Kindle app on my phone and it 's suitable for intermittent short-term reading.This book is written in a very interesting voice
 I will admit that there were sections of this I skipped totally because they really just are n't relevant to today 's world -LRB- i.e. I 'm probably not going to churn my own butter to save a couple of dollars -RRB- . But there were plenty of good tips and pointers as well as good old plain common sense . The book definitely helped me to stop and think about things and doing them in a better way to save money .
 I got this book over 10 years ago , at the Sturbridge Village gift shop , and I swear , I 've read it so much that I probably have whole sections memorized ! It is , without doubt , THE best book of its kind.The American Frugal Housewife is fascinating on a variety of levels , not the least in that Child wrote the book with the emphasis on `` AMERICAN . '' Other such books existed at the time , but they were written in England and for English women . Child was one of the Transcendentalists who were huge advocates of personal self-discipline and restraint , but believed to their core the importance of fighting for what they knew to be right . It was n't just a religious fervor - although Child 's Christianity , like that of Catherine and Harriet Beecher Stowe , was extremely important - but a belief that the still relatively new United States had a unique destiny that set it apart from the rest of the world , specifically the old , decrepit world that was Europe.Child was no blindfolded nationalist , however . She saw the flaws and contradictions that bound the new Republic . Child , like many other Transcendentalists , was a fervent abolitionist and a proponent of women 's equality , and worked all her life toward achieving those ends . Even with its problems , Child was an ardent American . She saw Americans as a unique race of people with a unique and powerful destiny . Americans , she believed , were new and unique , and that the American destiny was far different from the degenerate , rotting hulk of Old World Europe.So what does all this have to do with the American Frugal Housewife ? Well , Child wrote the book specifically to address AMERICAN houswives and what she knew to be their unique problems and issues . It 's much more than just a recipe book ; it embodies Child 's philosophy that the only way toward virtue was self-restraint and sobriety , and that the way to tutor the new nation in these values was by teaching the nation 's housewives - the hand that rocks the cradle , Child believed , did indeed rule the world.The new nation was becoming prosperous , and Child saw that then , like now , people had a difficult time learning how to restrain themselves financially . One part in particular has to do with how mothers should raise their daughters . Child believed they should teach their offspring the virtues of frugality , that it was better to put savings `` out at interest '' and earn wealth from it , then to indulge in the latest fad - one in this case being something called a Brussels carpet . As new brides went out to set up their household , Child lectures at how they drive their husbands to bankruptcy by embracing fads and trying to keep up with the Joneses.Other , cheaper types of carpet `` will answer just as well , '' Child wrote . She also recommends using cheap illustrations , nicely framed , as wall art , rather than going overboard to buy the latest European style.Some of the best sections are on frugality . Child was the `` Hints from Heloise '' queen of her day , and she 's got a solution for everything that could possibly beset the early 19th century housewife . The interesting thing , as others have noted , is how so many of her tips still work so well.I do n't know that I 'm ever going to need her instructions on how to brew my own soap in a backyard kettle or how to keep my homemade pickles in a barrel from turning soft , but I did get a burn mark out of an antique chest by using rottenstone and oil , just as she prescribed.What 's rottenstone , you ask ? Well , you can buy it at a hardware store , but if you want the recipe , buy the book ! It 's a fantastic window on early American life , but the sound advice inside , about not getting into debt and how to `` do up '' your brass so it does n't tarnish , is still amazingly useful.I guarantee you 'll become a Child fan , just like me ! : -RRB-
 I bought this book at a Revolutionar War event this past weekend and I 've read it 3 times already -LRB- Purchased Sunday , and it 's now Tuesday morning -RRB- . My husband ca n't believe that I ca n't put this down . But I find it fascinating reading . Many of the little tips in here are still on many websites today for frugal living -LRB- olive oil and a little white vinegar for a wood furniture polish , for example -RRB- . Easy and fascinating reading for anyone interested in history , frugal living , and occassionaly a good laugh .
 I think it 's very funny that she does n't waste paper by diving right in with tips and does n't bother to space out paragraphs . I actually like this more than Tightwad Gazette which tries not to be too preachy . Not Mrs. Childs , she 's my kind of charismatic and she 's preaching to the choir ! I wish I lived as frugally as I should but this book is wonderfully bracing . Her analysis of consumerism still applies today .
 The thoughts and ideas of the 1800 's could be applied to todays world to make it a better place . Like putting more energy into our morals and pride rather than trying to keep up with the Jones ' . A wonderfull and funny look at many things that have gone wrong with society over the years.I read just a few pages in a little store , than had to come home and find it to buy for myself .
 `` The true economy of housekeeping is simply the art of gathering up all the fragments , so that nothing be lost . I mean fragments of time as well as materials . Nothing should bethrown away so long as it is possible to make any use of it . However trifling that usemay be ; and whatever be the size of a family every member should be employed either inearning or saving money . `` This is for the most part , the only proper `` Introduction '' that the reader encounters when starting `` The American Frugal Housewife , for Ms. Lydia Maria Francis Child plunges right in and begins dishing out advice left and right , providing a veritable flood of information . She advises , for example , that children not be allowed to frolic about until 13 or 14 years of age . `` This is not well . It is not well for the purses and patience of parents ; and it has astill worse effect on the morals and habits of the children . Begin early is the greatmaxim for everything in education . A child of six years old can be made useful andshould be taught to consider every day lost in which some little thing has not been doneto assist others . `` Other advice consists of how economize and how keep what you have in good repair . Everything from stockings to hearths , from apples to sausages . In addition , there is medical advice , and instructions on how to cook a variety of foods . Everything from porridges to cows brains , herbed wines to pies.STEWED PRUNES.Stew them very gently in a small quantity of water till stones slip out . Physiciansconsider them safe nourishment in fevers.BEANS AND PEAS.Baked beans are a very simple dish , yet few cook them well . They should be put in coldwater , and hung over the fire , the night before they are baked . In the morning , theyshould be put in a colander , and rinsed two or three times ; then again placed in akettle , with the pork you intend to bake , covered with water , and kept scalding hot , inhour or more . A pound of pork is quite enough for a quart of beans , and that is a largedinner for a common family . The rind of the pork should be slashed . Pieces of pork alter-nately fat and lean , are the most suitable ; the cheeks are the best . A little peppersprinkled among the beans , when they are placed in the bean-pot , will render them lessunhealthy . They should be just covered with water , when put into the oven ; and the porkshould be sunk a little below the surface of the beans . Bake three or four hours.THE SKINNY : : : To be perfectly honest , there is some sound advice here . Some of it inspired by Ben Franklin , and some of it coming from friends and articles read by the author.I found this an absolutely fascinating book that gives some wonderful insight into the daily life of early American families . We get to see what the concerns of housewives were , and how life was lived amongst a class of people -- the less well-off -- that is frequently overlooked by historical studies.Ms . Child was born in 1802 . She was raised by a strict Calvinist father and later she married a lawyer who proved to be an improvident dreamer who at times was imprisoned for his debts . As a consequence she knows frugality quite well.The American Frugal Housewife is extremely well written , and was extremely well received at the time it was first put up for sale . In fact , it was republished 27 times between 1835 and 1841 . I HIGHLY recommend this work to students of history and those who are interested in early American life.As for the `` Kindle '' format , I must say that this particular version comes with ` highlights ' , some of which are definitions . These are easy to access or ignore . -LRB- Which is why I ca n't tell you what they all are . -RRB- Being a FREE book it 's hard to complain , but I should note that there are images from the original book that do n't appear in the Kindle copy . They pertain to the parts of animals -- rumps , chops , etc. -- and are n't particularly valuable . But if you are curious you can find them at GoogleBooks and Archive-dot-org , both of whom have their own free copies.ASIN
 Both the prose and the basic philosophy espoused by this book are refreshing on todays palate . No over-wrought writing or get ahead mentality here . The book gives a wonderful view of household life in the 1800 's , covering ground from pudding recipes to the best and cheapenst method for cleaning your candle stick holders and treating common ailments . Liberally spiced with the philosophy of a frugal housewife who 's example many of us would do well to follow .
 Great book , hard to put down . Like reading a time capsule . BUT , I was constantly highlighting and underlining , because I was unfamiliar with many of the `` ingredients '' she has listed .
 Fascinating look into the past . I think some people might think this book has a few good ways to go green old fashioned if you 're interested or off the grid or survival stuff or whatever -LRB- Just steer clear of the medical section . Fear Factor anyone ? -RRB- but I think it is mostly useful as a historical reference . A great insight to logic back then . Still it was still fun to let your imagination run wild dreaming of doing some of these things . Also if you are going to do some reading about history why not go directly to the source on that particular subject ? The chapter on raiseing girls was very modern in some suprising ways , I expected a sit down and be quite chapter but thats not what I got . For the price I think it was worth it .
 I really love this book . It probably would be a stretch for the typical mid-class to high class family , but for those who love to be frugal it 's wonderful ! Much of the tips and instructions are a little outdated for our period , but something about reading it gives you a drive to live more frugally and less wastefully . It teaches you to appreciate a simple life .
 Here is a book that was worth reprinting . Much of the joy lies in the relating of family events that occurred at its time in history . For example , children learned about growing up by participating in some adult activities -LRB- working at knitting scarves and making placemats that would benefit the whole family . -RRB- The greater lesson was , of course , learning their own importance in society . Furthermore , in a world where the future has become more uncertain than usual , this book reminds us that our ancestors did not have the conveniences of prepared foods like mayonnaise and jello but that with a minimum of research we can duplicate the same goodness . I smiled from cover to cover .
 I purchased this through Kindle , and found myself unable to put the book down . It gives a great look into the tasks and challenges of the early American homemaker , but the best part of the book is her wisdom interspersed throughout the book . Her philosophy on life , on economical methods , on raising children all ring true with what has gone wrong with our current environment . Brilliant book . Should be required reading in all public and private schools .
 It is not a book , as such , just several wonderful hints that are great to see in this day and time .
 You do n't need to be into historical writings to read this , you just may be into saving money , going green , and teaching your children better ways of time than in front of a t.v. Yes , some of the language is archaic , but use a dictionary and learn some words ! While many of the remedies are outdated and have been proven wrong the household remedies are still very useful and doable . If you are tired of all the toxins that we are told to use in our homes then this is definitly the book for you .
 I 'm researching how a housewife would have lived during the Civil War era . Although The American Frugal Housewife edition that I read for free on my Kindle was from the 1830s , much of it probably remains unchanged 15 to 20 years later . People in villages or living in the country at that time would still have stored their foods for winter in the same way as this book advises . The treatments for croup , a burn or other illness give insight into the hardships encountered when there were few doctors and the family had to self-treat as much as possible.Fascinating details of a bygone era that is particularly useful to me as I work on my book about my Civil War ancestor .
 Murray S. Davis is a genius . Like Nietzsche , he says in ten sentences what is usually said , or not said , in ten books . He makes you think , gives you much to think about , which is worth so much more than the price of this book . See also his `` Smut
 Vogel 's book has been updated in some areas , but remains the beginning place for the `` grand view '' of the many applications of American Indian medicine , including everything from suturing wounds to calming childbirth . It contains a wealth of sources leading the student to further study . It also lists common as well as scientific names of medicinal plants .
 American Indian Medicine written by Virgil J. Vogel is a compilation of what the American Indian used for medicine to aid in the treatment of disease.This book is NOT a step by step process pharmacopoeia with all the weights and preparation steps but is a good general book on what was used . Granted the author states this in his preface and he is not a medical practioner , but what he has given us is history of Indian Medicine in the Americas.Native American Medicine has long intrigud me and the collection of the herbs , roots , bark , and leaves of plants is what pharmacognsy was to the settlers . This book has been divided into eight sections with a bibliography that helps the reader in further study.The chapters are as follows : What the red man gave usIndian theories of disease and shamanistic practices.Early observation of white man on indian medicine.Service of indian doctors to whites.The influence of indian medicine on folk medicine , irregular practioners , and patent medicine.Indian health and disease.American Indian therapeutic methodsConclusionsThe author has a rather `` folksy '' style to the prose and is very easily readable making for a fast read . The American Indian had treatments for most of the first-aid that we have today , but the practice of asepsis and surgery interested me.All in all , this was a well-written and thought-provoking book and is well worth a read .
 I will say this is not what I first expected , that when I was gifted this book , I had thought it would be just like any basic herbal medicine book and outline plant medicines with their dosage and usage . But while it was not what I had first thought , it has become an invaluable member of my library . There 's wonderful sections included about the treatments of problems that were not curable by simply herbs.There is pharmacology just as there is talk of surgery . It 's a candid explanation that provides a wide spectrum of information in regards to their medicine practices as a whole , rather that a diagnostic assistant .
 I thought I was going to get a 2009 version of the `` Chicago Manual of Style . '' Instead , it was a paperback of the original printing.My first reactions as disappointment . Then , it changed to fun . Since I 'm a writer and editor , and someone who enjoys history , it was interesting and entertaining to read through the this book and compare the changes in grammar over the years.I would recommend for those who want to discover the changes in grammar and style , but not as a current reference tool .
 An excellent resource for writers , a must for all business professionals who wish to ensure the accuracy of their grammar and punctuationThe Chicago Manual of Style
 From the time my son -LRB- now 6 -RRB- was 2 until age 4 , he got the Brighter Vision Learning Adventure kits in the mail . He loved them ! The books are great for teaching basic skills -LRB- shapes , colors , numbers , etc. -RRB- in an easy format that is fun for the child . Books include stickers -LRB- to be used with certain activities -RRB- , books to cut out and put together , mobiles , finger puppets , songs and poems , and each page is full color . The activities are not meant for independent learning , but as something you share with your child . Highly recommend !
 Dance of Death , published in Germany as Der Grosse Rauch -LRB- The Great Frenzy -RRB- is one of the first post-World War Two autobiographies published by a veteran of Hitler 's feared Waffen SS in 1949 -LRB- Heinrich Himmler 's private Nazi Army that fought side by side with the branches of the Wehrmacht -RRB- . Kern , who was a key figure in the post-war German far-right movement until his death in 1991 , wrote this account of his service to the Third Reich while in an internment and reeducation camp for former members of the SS and Nazi Party . Kern began his career as a journalist for a right-wing Austrian newspaper in 1936 and continued his career as a Nazi journalist even while serving in the Waffen SS , an organization in which he rose from the rank of private to major by the end of war , serving in such noted organizations as the Leistandarte Adolf Hitler , Das Reich , the Viking Division , and various and sundry obscure smaller units of the Waffen SS . Though a Nazi scribe , he was no coward , serving in combat on the Eastern Front at various times from 1941 to the end of the war . His thoughts on combat , on the nature of the war with the Soviet Union , and his observations about how the many errors committed by the Third Reich in the conduct of that war , particularly in its treatment of `` Eastern Peoples '' -LRB- a broad category that includes Poles , Russians , Ukrainians , Cossacks , etc. -RRB- contributed substantially to Germany 's defeat . Though he is critical of how Germany prosecuted the war , he remains an unreconstructed Nazi throughout , who rarely critisizes Hitler and does n't even mention the Holocaust at all , a subject about which he is suspiciously mute . These faults notwithstanding , Kern 's book is noteworthy because he was one of the first officers of the Waffen SS to `` go public '' and admit his participation in the war as a member of that organization , and provides intriguing insights into how some of the Third Reich 's `` insiders '' percieved the war . Overall , I gave the book 5 stars , not only for its content , but because Kern is a good writer , a point that comes through even in this translated version .
 I looked long & hard for a copy of Erich Kern 's `` Dance of death , '' before finally locating a copy thru Amazon . It was worth the wait . It easily rivals Guy Sajer 's forgotten Soldier in its combat descriptions , & is often very gripping . There are many first person accounts on the brutal war on the Eastern front , but all too few written by former Waffen SS men . This book is head & shoulders above another first person SS account by Peter Neumann titled `` The Black March , '' which I consider fiction . And Kern 's descriptions of Soviet atrocities , not only against the Germans , but their own people as well , are eye-opening . I consider the Red 's conduct of the war far worse than that of the German 's , hands down . Though Kern never apologises for the third Reich or it 's war in Russia , he often criticizes the stupid decisions of the Wehrmact high command . Decisions that lead to the German defeat in the East.This book is a classic . My only complaint is that it is n't long enough .
 This is a good series from Phaidon and Cattelan is a good choice for inclusion . There 's lots of information here on his early work from the days before he became an ` art star . '
 This book is a must have for any fan of Maurizio Cattelan . When Phiadon Press asked the artists if they could publish a book on him in a series of books on contemporary artists , he insisted the book be one quarter size of all the others in the series . If you think that is interesting , wait until you see the rest of the images , and read the interviews , WOW . This guy is amazingly intelligent and defined in his methods and concepts.The book unfortunately is just not enough info on the artist , but there is not one printed book yet that does have all the info , but this is a great book for anyone who is interested in learnig about this fantastic contemporary artist .
 Got into cattelan via Vogue magazine article about his panksterism which reminded me of the movie Fight Club . If you love Fight Club , then you will appreciate Cattelan 's work & how he comes about ideas .
 Though Linzer could have written a scathing historical commentary on the ridiculous treatment of Native Americans , she has instead chosen to write a novel about the amazing strength of three young Indian men . Their lives split between Oklahoma and Washington state reservations , these men are still able to find laughter and the sacred beauty their great-great-grandmother taught them sternly about . Unbroken spirits in broken down Chevys ... read it , you 'll enjoy it .
 Rosemary Verey is the doyenne of English gardeners and as such can teach any gardener something . Although American gardeners must proceed cautiously when trying to replicate English garden ideas -- owing to differing moisture conditions , the chalk base under British beds , and latitude/longitude considerations , i.e. the effects of the sun -- THE ART OF PLANTING contains much to recommend it.For example , Verey shows us Mrs Pugh 's bog garden at Docton Mill in Devon . Devon has a climate comparable to Zones 7 & 8 in the U.S. but the sun does not get nearly as hot in the summer months in Devon as it does in most Zone 7 & 8 U.S. areas . Devon is further north and it is warmed by the Gulf Stream like New England.Mrs . Pugh grows Iris , ferns and Hosta lillies in her garden . Her ferns include the osrich plume fern ` Osmunda Regalis ' which grows wild in the eastern U.S. -- I have found them in drainage ditches but you can buy them at a good nursery . Mrs. Pugh also grows Iris pallida . I have been able to grow a similar plant in Virginia -- Iris siberica which requires both dampness and sun . Most Hosta lillies would not last in the same garden as the Iris or the fern , however . Hostas mostly prefer shade like the ferns , but they also like dry conditions . In fact , they are a mainstay in my shade gardens . If you try to replicate Mrs. Pugh 's garden , you may have to improvise with plants that like both the U.S. sun and dampness.In addition to the wide array of growing conditions , Verey discusses the use of color , shape and texture in planting . She says , `` Some plants need shining leaves to set them off , particularly ... white flowers with green centers . Other , like potentillas merge with their foliage . '' In other words , consider not only the juxtapostion of flower color and size but the neighborliness of leaves . In one photo shows the iceberg rose ` Schneewitchen ' growing in a bed of ` Stachys ' or lamb 's ears . The glossy green leaves of the rose contrast nicely with the soft green fuzzy leaves of the Stachys and the large white flowers of the rose blend beautifully with the contrasting green leaves.There are several sets of photos and text discussing the use of monochromatic color schemes . The most famous example of the white scheme is the White Garden at Sissinghurst , but Verey shows the reader Anne Dexter 's tiny Oxford garden where a white hydrangea stands next to a hidden door . Another monochromatic scheme might be purple , using Campanula persicifolia and Stachys byzantina , and blue pansies and hyacinths.The U.S. gardener might not be able to copy the designs Verey shows exactly because blooming times for plants vary from place to place . Verey 's color schemes could be executed with local plants , however . The easiest way to discover what might work is to take a trip to the local nursery and pick out plants blooming close to the same time . Ask the nursery staff if the plants came from a hothouse , because sometimes plants bloom out of season owing to sheltered conditions . This is less of a problem during the warmer months . Our local nursery divides the shade loving plants from the sunny border plants which is a big help.This would n't be an English gardening book without a discussion of borders , and Verey does n't fail to supply the requisite text and photos . Again , some of the ideas can not be executed in the U.S. in the exact detail shown , but there are many possible exceptions . For example , she shows Perovskia growing behind Viola cornuta which will work in some areas in zone 6 and 7 . Hoever , the Viola may burn up under some condtions.I recommend this book to anyone who loves beautiful garden photographs , and/or is searching for garden design ideas . Although you may not be able to replicate the gardens shown in every detail , you will find Verey 's suggestions useful if you live in growing zones 6-8 .
 Crisp , clear photography . A masterful guide to companion plants -- you 'll want to recreate them in your own garden . Drawing from her years of experience and knowledge of gardens of the world Rosemary Verrey shows you in narrative photographs how to create color palletes that are soothing to the senses . Even those photographs of brightly colored combinations avoid the glaring and garish look of some boldly colored gardens . Multiple photographs of similar plant combinations make it easy to create the look that you want and still exercise your own creativity . Includes beds of mixed borders , bulbs , woodland , ground covers , and damp / boggy sites.Worth buying for the photography alone .
 This book by the late Rosemary Verey is stunning and most inspirational . The plantings and pictures are gorgeous . The concepts of color contrast and harmony -- painting with color -- are worked into the text and captions , with the detailed botanical and cultivar names fully cited . The only great problem is that these are English gardens , adapted to a moist and cloudy regime that rarely exists in America with its climate extremes and strong seasonality -- as ex-patriate Thalassa Cruso -LRB- Making Things Grow -RRB- discovered years ago . You wo n't get the green lawns and misty colors shown everywhere here , and you 'll need another source book to check for USDA hardiness zone or cultivation information . While Verey has visited North American gardens she has little to say about them . Nevertheless , Verey 's concepts of seasonal associations of disparate yet harmonized plants are spot on . The picture captions are highly informative alone , and the extensive text is like a personal journey , including which English garden first inspired which idea . -LRB- She published other books that contain the garden plans , especially for her own estate at Barnsley Hall . -RRB- I found her ideas to have late climbing plants emerge through early blooming shrubs most interesting . This is a lovely , large , and inspiring book of color photographs and concepts .
 If I had to give up all of my scores of gardening books but one , this would be the one I 'd keep !! Rosemary Verey is a master of gardening and her ability to create exceptional combinations of plants is unsurpassed . This is what she does in this book . She combines plants - annuals , perennials , shrubs , trees - into groups of exceptional beauty . You can find a color combination that delights you visually . If you actually plant her combination you can also have fragrance , four season interest , and solutions to problem sites . Her combinations - and the photographs of her plantings - are so satisfying to peruse all year round . You 'll be motivated and can have the most exciting garden ever !
 This Holocaust survivor account is unlike any other in that it chronicles the fate of the Greek Jews in detail . Daniel 's narrative is orderly and factual , bringing forth important items of history I have not seen in other studies . The description of the deadly cattle car ride to Auschwitz is broken out in great detail , to the degree that Daniel and the author place the reader in the midst of the un-imaginable dehumanizing experiences told there . The day-to-day tasks of the Sonderkommando are told in a slightly different light than one would read in Filip Mueller 's `` Eyewitness-Auschwitz '' , yet they are instructional from Daniel 's point of view . His life was saved in some of the deadliest circumstances in what I believe was Divine intervention . One part of the book I especially enjoyed from a historical aspect was the fate of the ss officer Otto Moll , who I read of in other Holocaust literature -LRB- several survivors write extensively on this person-no morbid fascination with him , however -RRB- . There is one account in the book that is a black cloud over an otherwise fine work , and that is the treatment the Greek Sephardic Jews were given by the European Ashkenazic Jews -- the Greek Jewish people were looked down upon and reviled as `` whores '' and `` cholera '' by their fellow inmates . I highly recommend this work to any serious student of history , and I wish that I could meet Daniel Bennahmias someday . God bless you , sir !
 This work gives insights into the fate of Greek Jews , their deportation to Auschwitz , and the work of a sonderkommando who lived to tell about his experiences . The reader gets chilling eyewitness details about the modus operandi of the gas chambers and crematoria at Auschwitz-Birkenau . For instance , the Sonderkommandos ' gruesome task of `` processing '' each train shipment of victims was not finished until they had pulverized the bones from the cremains , and dumped them in the Vistula River . -LRB- p. 51 -RRB- . Much has been written about Christian prejudices against Jews , and how this is supposed to have paved the way for , if not caused , the Holocaust . In actuality , prejudices were universal . For instance , Ashkenazi -LRB- northern European -RRB- Jews used to look down on Sephardic -LRB- Mediterranean -RRB- Jews , calling them `` cholera '' and `` korva '' -LRB- whore -RRB- . -LRB- p. xxii -RRB- . Even in Auschwitz , Polish Jews ridiculed Greek Jews for not being able to speak Yiddish . -LRB- p. 56 -RRB- . Someone betrayed the location of the dynamite hidden in preparation for the revolt . -LRB- p. 68 -RRB- . The Nazi-German roundup of Greek Jews itself enjoyed the assistance of Jewish traitors Pepo and Costa Recanati . -LRB- p. xiii -RRB- . While beginning his work as a sonderkommando , Daniel received a verbal and cut-throat gesture warning , from a fellow Jew , as to what would happen to any sonderkommando who seemed unfit for work . -LRB- p. 40 -RRB- . -LRB- This adds refutation to the claim , in Claude Lanzmann 's SHOAH , that a similar gesture made by a Polish peasant implied a mockery of the doomed Jews . -RRB- The author , Fromer , shows subtle Judeocentric bias in her characterization of the Polish inmates
 This book is real good , but there is some places where he does tend to over write . He talks a bit too much on mormons .
 As a teen I read every Zane Grey book I could get my hands on . Now in my 70 's I enjoyed it as much as then . Am I reverting to my childhood ? Thoroughly enjoyed my trip back if that 's the case !
 What can anybody say about Zane Grey . His books and short stories are always entertaining and fun to read anytime .
 Zane Grey gives a good description of the emotional attachment people develop to the canyons of the West . I grew up there , and I enjoyed the book .
 It is 1919 and Carley Burch is a young orphaned woman who lives a socialite 's life of ease and pleasure in her New York City family home with her aunt Mary . Her fianc&eacute; Glenn Kilbourne has come home an injured , sick , and broken man after fighting in France during World War I , so he has gone West to Arizona , near Flagstaff , that he might recover his health . However , Glenn 's letters to Carley are becoming increasingly puzzling , so she makes a surprise visit to see him . While there she stays in the lodge run by his neighbors , Mr. and Mrs. Hutter and their daughter Flo , who seems to be sweet on Glenn , and meets their hired men , Charley and Lee , the latter of whom had been Flo 's boyfriend . She also meets the rude , crude Raze Huff , a sheep dipper who has eyes for her.Glenn has become a hog farmer and realizes that he can never return to his former shallow life . Carley , while she loves the West , thinks that she can never be the wife of a simple hog farmer , so she breaks their engagement and returns to New York . However , even though she throws herself back into her socialite 's life , she finds it empty and unsatisfying . Finally , she decides that she must return to Arizona and marry Glenn . When she arrives , Glenn and the Hutters are away to buy hogs . She even purchases land near Glenn 's farm which he had earlier expressed a desire to obtain so that he might expand his operations , and has a house built on it . So what will she do when she hears a rumor that during her absence Glenn has married Flo ? Zane Grey was one of the favorite authors of my father , who enjoyed Westerns . Not all of Grey 's books were bang-bang , shoot - ` em-up cowboy stories of the Old West , like his most famous one , Riders of the Purple Sage -LRB- 1912 -RRB- . The Call of the Canyon is a more contemporary , romantic tale , yet it still is characterized by a love of the West that shines through in his so many of Grey -LSB- s other novels . It is filled with beautiful , lengthy descriptions of the Arizona countryside and a passion for the West and its scenery . I found it an enjoyable book . Carley 's ultimate conclusions about the emptiness of her life in response to her friends ' pleas are just as relevant today as they were in her time . This excellent story opposes drinking , smoking , immodesty and strongly opposes idleness , selfishness , and living for high society , and it strongly advocates man as bread winner and woman as homemaker , wife , and mother . But it is marred by a few profanities . There are also several references to dancing and one reference to the Grand Canyon 's existence for `` millions of years , '' but many instances of gratitude to God for blessings and beauty are found . I recommend it for teens and adults .
 I forgot how good a writer Zane Grey was . Much more than aWestern writer . This book shows his skill .
 I ca n't beat Zane Grey for a good ole western . I have read them all and enjoyed every one . Most are free also !
 Let 's start with the price
 I downloaded this on a whim after reading the previous reviews , and it turned out to be a good find from the public domain . It is both an engrossing love story and a social commentary that is surprisingly in line with our own times . At times , the characters could be talking about the early 21st century and not the early 20th century . I loved Carley 's journey towards authentic womanhood even more than the beautiful descriptions of the West . The story grabbed me completely and I found myself rapidly skimming large sections just to get to the end . I highly recommend it .
 Never read a Zane Grey novel so when it was offered on my Kindle for free I decided to give it a try . I was surprised that such a `` vintage '' book would be so relevant to current day . It is full of beautiful description and passion for the West and its scenery . I enjoyed the well written story and was surprised by the woman 's journey into a life with purpose . Will read more of this series of books .
 First let me say I am am avid western book reader and author myself . I regard Zane Grey 's Call of the Canyon as one of the most powerful romance books ever written . I know many people who regard this and Rider 's of the Purple Sage , to be Zane Grey 's best books , and amoung the best adventure fiction books ever . Each year visitors by the thousands do their best to retrace the footsteps of these eastern lovers who had Gone West . It is a tale that never seems to go out of fashion , and indeed seems to fulfill some great need in each reader lucky enough to hear the Call of the Canyon .
 I was n't sure what to expect from Call of the Canyon . I 've download a lot of free titles to my Kindle , assuming that most are going to be terrible . This was a pleasant surprise ! Not knowing much about the author or the period in which this book was written , I eventually determined that it was likely to be written around the same time period of the story . The biggest give-away to me was the at-times lengthy social commentary , which I could have done with less of . Not that I agree nor disagree with the sentiments shared by the author , the way it was handled felt a little out of place.I will also add that I found myself skimming the lengthy descriptions of Arizona , mostly because I 've never been and some of the imagery was a little hard for me to visualize . They say a picture is worth a thousand words , and I definitely feel like that applies here.Overall , it was a great love story -LRB- which I admit I am a sucker for -RRB- that was hard for me to put down , and at the end , I wished it would continue . Because of that , I 've already downloaded a handful of other works by Zane Grey to read .
 The story set in the 1920s New York and Arizona is a wonderful romance . The descriptions of the canyons and desert make me want to pack up the car and head out for an extended vacation in Arizona right away . The descriptions are indeed moving.The downside of the novel for me is just a little bit too much `` philosophy '' out of the post WW1 era . Grey harps a little to much on his ideal American Woman , American Family , the contrast between the idle rich in New York and the working folks out on the range in The West . There is way too much writing on the plight of W.W.I vets when they returned to America . But in spite of a lot of pages devoted to teaching Grey 's message there is a wonderful romantic story to be enjoyed .
 I am 73 years old and always loved to read . I read all of Zane Grey books when I was in the 7th grade . It was nice to find them on Kindle and start reading themagain . Thank you Kindle.The Call of the Canyon
 If one understands the time between WWI and WWII and the excesses of the 1920 's this book is excellent ! Remember this book was written in 1934 at the height of the great depression ! Yet it reflects on the era of the 1920 's . While some of the values that Grey espouses in the book seem out of date and old fashioned , I think his themes are timeless.The book also provides beautiful descriptions of the Arizona desert and rural life in the western U.S. . The story line is quite good and Grey deals effectively with love , conflict , jealousy , and what makes our struggles worthwhile . Enjoy this classic !
 While on vacation in AZ and after my tour of the Grand Canyon this past September -LRB- our guide recommended to read `` Call of the Canyon '' by Zane Grey . -RRB- I decided to purchase the kindle version after the tour -LRB- started reading while in AZ -RRB- and actually got it for nothing , so it was even better . I really enjoy the way Zane Grey writes . In my mind I can visualize the scenery as I did when I drove through Oak Creek Canyon . It was absolutely beautiful and breath taking ! I have to admit that USA does have the best mountains in the world . I 'm from NY but not Manhattan and I could almost compare myself to the character of Carley Burch . She travelled to AZ by train , myself by plane -LRB- 4 flights to different airports ! -RRB- . Following her true love after her many situations and indecisions , she finally makes her last attempt to return to Glenn . As they say , true love conquers all . Right now I am reading another one of his books called `` Greatest Hits of Grey '' . I also have 2 others which I can not wait to read ! After reading `` Call of the Canyon '' it keeps my memories fresh of my visit to Sedona and travelling through Oak Creek Canyon !!! I 've become a fan of Zane Grey !!
 The Call of the Canyon is another of Zane Grey 's `` war novels '' which is to say , it deals with the subject of the mistreatment of returning veterans from the first world war . But it is also the coming of age of a modern `` sophisticated '' woman who learns the real meaning of love , and what it means to love someone . The story has several scenes which take place in New York City as well as at Oak Creek Canyon in Arizona . For pure romance , this book can not be beat . Carly Birch is one of Zane Grey 's finest female characters , and again I will say he often wrote from the woman 's point of view which is why the vast majority of his work was published in the leading `` women 's '' magazines of the day , and his readership was more than half women . So , ladies , please do n't dismiss Zane Grey as a `` western '' writer ; he was so much more than that .
 I just love this book , so far I 've only read it 3 times , but it is certainly one of my very favorites . Zane Gray describes with exacting detail the wondrous beauty of the west , with the the struggles of a romantic relationship between a wounded returning WW1 veteran and his girl friend , who just happens to be a headstrong New Yorker used to having things her way.The story is timeless and exciting and I highly recommend it if you enjoy the west , love and a turn of the century American adventure .
 This journal is dedicated to the study of weapons , armour and fighting within the Roman World . The listed contents in the above blub are wrong . Cataphracti equites , quos clibanarii dictitant -LRB- A E Negin -RRB- ; and The Eining lorica segmentata -LRB- M C Bishop -RRB- are not in this issue , but instead you have `` Klivanion revisited
 I thought this was a good , literate book . I only read the stuff I was interested in , but there was plenty of that -LRB- especially the George Harrison , Paul McCartney and Mick Jagger profiles -RRB- . Frank Zappa once said that rock and roll journalism is `` Writers who ca n't write , writing about musicians who ca n't play music , for readers who ca n't read . '' And he was/is correct for 99 % of rock journalism . This book is the 1 % of rock journalism for which that statement does not hold true . A solid book .
 If you were n't around in the 70s , or you want to `` relive '' this era , Ben Fong-Torres ' book is a good place to start . It 's a collection of many of his Rolling Stone feature articles , along with a brief update of the personalities involved . Having `` come of age '' in the 70s , it brought back memories of my own and it gave me insights into some of the most famous rock personalities of the 70s and early 1980s.Fong-Torres has an excellent writing style and `` captures '' a little bit about what made a lot of these musicians `` tick . '' His articles are enjoyable to read or re-read if you 've seen them before . While part of the title -LRB- A BackStage Pass to 20 Years of Rock n Roll -RRB- may seem cliched , it fits here . Fong-Torres in his Rolling Stone articles managed to catch a glimpse of an era now long gone .
 A better title would be the Best of Ben Fong-Torres . This book is a collection of articles he wrote for `` Rolling Stone '' . Some of the people written about in this book are Jim Morrison , Bob Dylan , The Jackson 5 , Janis Joplin , Ray Charles , Marvin Gaye , The Jefferson Airplane , The Rolling Stones , Santna , Ricky Nelson , and many others . What really makes the book worth reading is that he gives information on what he had to get the interview and what happened after . Sometimes , the behind the scenes information are as good as or even better than the article .
 There is a small , small handful of rock n ' roll journalist who can write about musician and Ben Fong-Torres is one of those writers . This book is a must read for those who were there during the 60 's music scene . And if you were borned to late and wish you were there , you got ta read this book . It 's a collection of selected interviews of great musicians and actors by Ben when he was writing for Rolling Stone from the 60 's to 80 's . He writes with insight and wit and draw out a great interview from musicians like Bob Dylan , Janis Joplin , Jim Morrison , Rick Nelson , Paul McCartney , just to name a few .
 Ben Fong Torres life , as a young editor for Rolling Stone Magazine and his life of interviews for . 20 + yearsIs an easy read and a must read if you 're truly a rock and roll fan ...
 Only Nick Tousches ' volume , collected writings does as much for thosze who want , but wont ger , BackSatge Passes ... R&R , & Rythum & Blues Is here to stay ... this is part , & maybe unequaled indepth look at many so to be ICONS .
 While I liked the first CD more -LRB- Teach Me German -RRB- , this one at the least gives my children more German songs and language to hear . They enjoy the songs , although my husband often complains about the singers being very off key . The kids do n't mind . The girl they have speaking as Maria speaks too quickly for my comfort . I have a degree in German literature , was an exchange student , and have been studying the language off and on for 25 years . The songs are more hip and less well known to me , so I do like the first CD better . Also , the first CD covers things that are more familiar to for preschool kids like the alphabet , counting , days of the week , etc. .
 Intriguing book . In it are each of the hierarchies recorded : - when they became active , - which planets were formed by which hierarchie - how hierarchies are related to each other -LRB- only mentioned notexplained in detail with the highest hierarchies -RRB- . In the book are also mentioned : - The zodiac and how they are related to the hierarchies ; andwhat it means when a certain sign is active . - Some about what parts of the physical body of a human werealready formed in spirit world by the different hierarchies ... Cancer as symbol for the ribcage which was formed for example . - The seven oracles in Atlantean time -LRB- Sun oracle , Venus oracleetc . -RRB- and that the one who had the most developed ether body ofthe oracles -LRB- the leaders -RRB- were selected to work through the 7rishi 's in India in a later time . - The lowest hierarchies -LRB- Angels , ArchAngels and Archia -RRB- areexplained in great detail
 Steiner 's world view is a rich and astonishing Rosicrucian cosmogony , and must be confronted by any serious spiritual researcher of Western esotericism and Christianity . Like many of his works , this work is provocative , and one is left both bewildered and entranced , and wondering what to DO , how to work with the vision contained herein . Some of Steiner 's other works , specifically OUTLINE OF ESOTERIC SCIENCE , and HOW TO KNOW HIGHER WORLDS would be a better place to begin exploring Steiner . But this was my first exposure to Rudolf Steiner , and it grabbed me and I could n't shake it off ! Today I still struggle and ponder these ideas , and maybe that is quite the point .
 This book explains in great detail and easy to understand the great higher hierarchies that formed this universe with special attention to this earth . This book explains Masonic mysteries regarding these hierarchies and their role in the evolution of man and earth . It explains the history of the solar system and humans . It includes the `` War in Heaven '' with more explanation than is in the books of religion that have been available to us in the past . It explains the evolution of our solar system including changes it has and will go through . How higher hierarchies lead humanity . There is a higher understanding of Cain and Able explained . The book explains how the great Hierarchies got to be what they are and what they do .
 Sometimes the old ways are the best ways . I 'm not sure why I need twelve more words to complete this review but here they are .
 We were so surprised by the variety of `` things '' to move and do and see in this book ! My brother sent it for our daughter as a surprise and we all love the book . The story is about a new bulldozer that the reader needs to help test ... check the fluids , make sure the back hoe works , make sure the bucket works , turn the steering wheel and check the gears , turn the wheels to make sure all the parts work together smoothly . Very , very fun and neat book . Just a few words per page but does not detract from the fun at all . Probably better for the youngest bulldozer testers ! Enjoy .
 A wonderful book for tiny hands and eyes , moveable parts and simple words , bright , clear illustrations , a must for car and engine obsessed little ones .
 This book is brilliant ! My little boy adores this . So many pop-ups , moving bits and a cracker of a story . It gets a work-out pretty regularly .
 Great kid interactive book . Lots of different action pop-ups . A really fun book for kids .
 What fun ! A big aquarium exhibit is coming to Tidmouth and the docks are hustling and bustling with activity . Cranky the Crane is unloading Bulstrode . Harvey is loading small crates of aquarium glass , while James and Salty are busy with their own tasks.The only problem is , Thomas wants to help and he keeps getting told that he is too small to be of assistance . Sad because he ca n't find a job ` his size ' , Thomas is about to head back to the Station when he comes across Salty with a huge , toothy shark in a see-thru tank . Surmising Thomas ' sad state , Salty takes pity on Thomas and tells him that small engines ** can ** be useful , which is exactly what Thomas finds out.When Percy is surprised by the shark in the tank , he loses control and runs right into Henry who then crashes into Harvey 's freight car . This accident is so noisy and unexpected that Cranky gets spooked and drops a crate of seaweed on James , causing James to go off the track.As we say at our home , everything was goomeywammered . And to make matters more complicated , the docks are such a scene of chaos that none of the large engines can move about . They are just too * big * . On cue , in comes Thomas . He steps up and because of his smaller size , he is ` Just The Right ' engine to clear up the whole mess . The story ends with everything back to normal and everybody waiting in anticipation for the big exhibit to open.Five Stars . Good Read-aloud . This book has good artwork -LRB- versus the photos that are taken from the TV show -RRB- . Steamies abound . So many that almost any Thomas fan should be content.Our small blue friend gets to be a hero . This confirms for small fry that you do n't have to be big to be helpful . This book can even be used to help children to understand that no matter how big a mess is made , if everyone pitches in to help together , that mess can be cleaned up.Pam T ~ Mom and reviewer at BooksforKids-Reviews
 My 3 year old son is a big fan of Thomas and Friends . This was one of the first books I bought for him . Since this book , I bought another one -LRB- `` Cow on a Line '' -RRB- and the second book does not even come close to this one . `` Down at the Docks '' is illustrated not with photos but with drawings - and I think the drawings are far more effective in telling the story than the photos . `` Down at the Docks '' has a story line that is more plausible , and complete , than other books I 've seen so far . It is my son 's favorite book . The books that have more than one story -LRB- this one does not -RRB- seem to sell short on plot , and explanation of the story .
 My 3 year old son loves Thomas the train , and this is his favorite book . He loves the pictures and the story . We have other Thomas books , but he prefers this book over the others .
 to say the least we have every thomas book in exsistance , my four year old got this for christmas and i 've read it over 30 times allreadynot only is reading great for your childrens minds , thomas stories usually have a moral and a good clean storyline
 This book contains one story , in which Thomas wants to be of assistance but is rebuffed by the other engines for being too small . His size comes in handy once there is `` trouble . '' Good story , nicely illustrated .
 My five year old son is crazy about the Thomas and Frinds trains , He loves this book and enjoys reading all of his Thomas books .
 Definitely worth the price . My 18 month old loves all Thomas books and knows them by name and this one is `` Thomas friends , Docks '' in his words ! A must for kids who love Thomas , Salty , Cranky and of course there are others like Harvey , Henry , and James in here too . It also introduces an octopus and a shark to the kids . Good read . Story is not very engaging for us adults since it is more like an instance than a full story , but my son seems to like it for now .
 This is a fun story with great pictures . If you have the train set pieces with the shark , etc. , all the better !
 My son is a little of 3 and adores all things Thomas . I purchased several Thomas books for a recent plan trip and of the 3 this was his favorite by FAR ! He loved the trains bumping into each other and the pictures of the `` sea creatures . '' Would recommend this to your Thomas fan !
 This is another wonderful Thomas & Friends storybook . My son adores it and gets very excited to see the Octopus and Shark . When actually playing with his trains he would replicate the wrecks . Highly recommend this book to all kids who love Thomas . My son is 21/2 and asks us to read it every night .
 My 2.5 year old loves this big , colorful Thomas story . He studies the illustrations and talks about what all the trains and cranes are doing . Really fuels his imagination !
 `` When Thomas arrived at the docks , the other engines were bustling around . Everyone was working hard to prepare for the Ocean Life Exhibit , which was coming to the Island of Sodor . '' - From the bookOcean plants arrive on the docks to be put in the fish tanks to make the fish feel at home . Thomas notes the excitement , and decides to look around . He was amazed that several of the cars were like none he had seen before
 I love trains and I used to watch the show when it aired on PBS years back . So every now and then I come across one of these books , I snatch it up . Love the stories and art work . I even got a chance to see Thomas the Train when it came into town on one of its tours . Little ones loved it . I highly recommend this series to all those who like a good fun story and especially to railfans everywhere .
 my 20mo old loves this book . he loves trains and really loves thomas . i 've bought a few books now for our tablet and i really like this one .
 Thomas is always a hit with the kids , never tried of his adventures and the stories of teamwork and fair play .
 Was fun , read it for a few months . Not much more to say . Get it if your son/daughter is into Thomas .
 Ten stories spanning nearly twenty years of one of the finest collaborations in the history of science fiction . Pohl plus Kornbluth was a whole greater than the sum of its parts . Three of the ten stories were begun by Kornbluth , and finished by Pohl after his partner 's tragic early demise.Contents : Best Friend -LRB- 1941Critical Mass -LRB- 1961The Engineer -LRB- 1955 -RRB- A Gentle Dying -LRB- 1961 -RRB- Marstube -LRB- 1941 -RRB- Nightmare With Zeppelins -LRB- 1958 -RRB- The Quaker Cannon -LRB- 1961 -RRB- Trouble in Time -LRB- 1940 -RRB- The World of Myrion Flowers -LRB- 1961 -RRB-
 Great history of the company , but I was disappointed in the little milk glass content . The author talks about how important the opal -LRB- milk -RRB- glass line was for business , but does not offer much samples of it in the book .
 Glass collectors take note and make time to check out this resource book ! It is a valuable tool rich with history and wonderful illustrations that you will pick up again and again . The author repeats history in various sections on purpose so that the user can read it as a casual reference guide or cover to cover like a history book . Westmoreland Glass
 This is an excellent book that details the history of Westmoreland Glass as no other book has provided before this one . Wilson makes the strong and persuasive argument that Westmoreland was THE leader of decorated glass production in the 1920s and 1930s in the United States , was the first company to produce carnvial glass , and was the leader in the design and production of candy containers . This book details the family history of the author 's grandfather , Chas West , and great uncle , George West , in the founding of Westmoreland in the late 1880s till the changing of the guard in the late 1930s to the Brainard family . It is well organized in content and photographs . However , if you are looking for a milk glass book or a book on paneled grape , then do not buy this book . If you are looking for a book that will surprise you about Westmoreland to the point that you did not understand the depth of Westmoreland 's contribution to Americana and the U.S. glass making history , then you will be purchasing the correct book .
 I 've been searching for a Westmoreland reference book for some time now that gave good history on the glass company as well as included information on the very early patterns that Westmoreland made . Most other related reference books on the subject concentrates on later production patterns of which I have no interest in collecting . A good read , if you are interested in reading glass co. and its owner 's history . Photos are good , I was very happy with the purchase .
 This book was informative about the history of Westmoreland glass . The only thing I wish it had was more information on value
 Great service from these folks . The book was in excellent condition and arrived in fine time !
 I 've lamented in other reviews about good books that have gone out of print . Therefore what a pleasure it is to find that Betram D. Wolfe 's `` Three Who Made a Revolution '' is back on the shelves . I read it first when I was in school -- one of the first serious or challenging `` adult '' books that I read with pleasure . I 'm a little chagrined to recall some of my own responses . On the one hand , I remember entertaining the uneasy sense that the book was probably too much fun to be `` real scholarship . '' Maybe a little -- but in retrospect , I think most of the fun comes not from mere clowning , but from Wolfe 's real engagement with the humanity of his subjects . On the other hand , I remember writing in a term paper something along the lines of how the book would probably put a damper on further research . I think I knew as I wrote it that this was a pretty fatuous remark , but hey , I was on a deadline . Anyway , it is nice to be able to recognize in retrospect that -LRB- a -RRB- it of course certainly did nothing at all to dampen further reserach ; but -LRB- b -RRB- despite the torrent of further research , it still repays rereading.Wolfe wrote at a time when the left was still pretty gullible about Communism . There was , of course , an anti-communist opposition
 A study of the events leading to the Russian revolution through a biography of its three main leaders
 Absolute genius ! Professor Kunich takes a look at all the nonsense swirling around human cloning , and rips the mask off of it . With brilliant clarity and insight , this book exposes the many fallacies riddling the anti-cloning movement . Most important of all , Kunich 's book proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that if the government bans cloning , some of our most precious civil liberties may be next . This is a book for the ages , but especially our age .
 This is a great book on human cloning . Finally , someone takes a stand and fights back against the idiocy ! The people who oppose cloning do n't understand it . The Naked Clone is a must read for anyone interested in human cloning and its technology , which will help cure mankind of many horrible illnesses , and which will bring about many medical miracles . Attorney Kunich 's inside look at the law is the most compelling reason to read the book .
 The subject matter is human freedom , and this book is one which raises fundamental issues about the freedoms of man in relation to cloning . If freedom and cloning are subjects of concern , a more appropriate read can not be found . The book is fascinating , bold and powerful , one of the most important books about the cloning controversy . You may agree or disagree with the author on his conclusions but you 'll never be bored for a minute.We have freedoms now that scarcely existed five hundred years ago or even one hundred years ago . A century from now new freedoms or aspects of freedoms will exist . These new freedoms , like the old ones , will have to be won through the efforts of people like John C. Kunich.William C. O'Rights
 The Naked Clone is a thoughtful , illuminating and provocative book on a subject that implicates an extraordinary array of ethical , legal and constitutional issues . Whether or not one agrees with the author that reproductive cloning is linked to a broad network of vital personal autonomy rights , the reader is bound to come away with a much more informed and reasoned view of a highly emotional and much-misunderstood subject.Yale Kamisar , Clarence Darrow Distinguished University Professor , University of Michigan Law School .
 The Naked Clone not only provides a systematic introduction to this vital topic , but more importantly , makes a cogent argument against ill-considered bans on cloning . Professor Kunich brings insightful analysis to a topic usually swamped by emotion and prejudice.Daniel A. Farber , Sho Sato Professor of Law , University of California at Berkeley School of Law , Boalt Hall .
 This is an interesting and provocative book discussing not only the scientific background of human cloning but also proposed legislation to ban or limit human cloning as well as constitutional challenges to such legislation . Anyone interested in this legal issue will want to know John Kunich 's analysis and argument as to why the modern case law may place important limits on efforts to ban cloning.Ronald D. Rotunda , George Mason University Foundation Professor , George Mason University School of Law .
 I have known John personally for many years . I remember our discussion on my back patio about cloning and the issues it brought to the forefront of society as a whole . Wow , did he open my eyes . His insights are genius . Get this book and enjoy your next dinner party with your own new found ideas this book will generate for you .
 As the title implies , traps of various kinds pepper the plot , including `` bank traps , '' which underachieving FBI agent Jack Kincade uses to rip off bank night deposit drops . The money does n't go towards supporting an affluent lifestyle ; this down-and-out divorcee is living in a dive motel , drinking cheap vodka , and driving a battered minivan . But poker money has to come from somewhere.Jack , who 's found all the ways to dodge work a bureaucracy can offer , must investigate a massive bomb threat . A desperate man planted the bomb hoping to force the FBI to finally solve his daughter 's murder . Jack partners with Ben Alton to follow some leads.The two could n't be more different . Ben , a family man , is a go-getter who worked his way up from the projects . He sets his mind to something and does n't give up . But he 's not working at 100 % because he recently lost the lower half of his leg to cancer , and though he 's back a month early to help with the investigation , the boss assigns him to desk duty for his own safety.Of all the available agents , these two seem the least likely to succeed , but Jack 's sharp powers of deduction and Ben 's unstoppable energy work together well , and with some luck , the old crime is solved . But questions still remain , and the pair dig deeper to find another more-horrifying layer of murderous revenge . They must stay one step ahead of the villain and his traps ; Jack 's got to stay ahead of the FBI 's internal police.This audiobook had me hooked from start to finish . The pace never slows , nor does it move too fast that you ca n't understand what 's happening . I 'm no expert on the FBI , but the author certainly made me feel I was inside the organization , with its politics and personalities . Some events stretched the limits of disbelief , but I do n't think they went too far.As for the performance by the reader , it was mostly OK , but I have a few compaints . The voice of Jack was very gruff . At first I did n't think I 'd want to sit through a whole book with that voice . I got used to it , but I never really liked it . He also mispronounced `` interment '' as `` internment . '' My biggest gripe however is how his voice dropped off at the end of sentences . Since I listen while driving , hearing those words was quite a problem.And sure , the `` odd couple '' pairing of Ben and Jack has been done to death , but this author pulled it off . They fire off some funny lines and it never became tiresome . The writing style is clear , never overwrought . This book is n't the same old thing . It 's actually darn good .
 It has been three years since his daughter has been kidnapped and the FBI still has not the slightest idea what happened to Leah Ziven . Her father Conrad builds a bomb and plants it under the Cook County jail , which houses over 15,000 prisoners . Only he has the combination to disarm the bomb and he wo n't give it out until they find his daughter.FBI agent Jack Kincade , a man who robs banks as a sideline is partnered with Ben Alton , an amputee victim with something to prove . The hastily formed team finds the girl 's body and the ransom at an abandoned shack . Leah 's father gives them the data they need to remove the bomb but that does n't end the case because the killer is still out there . Ben and Jack -LRB- not Jerry , silly -RRB- are on his case , trying to break him , a very dangerous thing to do to a psychopath with nothing left to lose.TRAPS is a fascinating crime thriller due to the enigmatic anti-hero Jack Kincade . He 's a drunk and a gambler who cut off all communication with his son . He robs banks to support his gambling habit yet in spite of all these failing , readers feel drawn to this bad boy because they sense there is a kernel of decency and goodness buried in his heart , waiting to bloom under the right conditions . Paul Lindsay will appeal to readers who like the novels of Patricia Cornwell and Robert W. Walker.Harriet Klausner
 This is definitely one of Mr Lindsay 's best FBI novels to date . Jack Kincaid , our tragic hero , is someone I felt sorry for , yet admired at the same time , flaws and all . Loved his detecting skills . The story was riveting and came to a thrilling climax . I 'd pretty much figured out the ending , so was kind of reluctant to finish because I did n't want to be right . Overall , a very enjoyable FBI procedural , with a likable tragic hero . Looking forward to what comes next from Mr Lindsay .
 Something about this book just grabbed me . The characters were totally likeable and the chemistry between Lucy and Zack was amazing . My only regret is that the book was over too soon .
 With a heavy helping of humor , Jennifer Crusie treats the reader to a fun and witty escapist romance . No , it 's probably never going to happen this way , but it 's fun , it 's charming , and the dogs will warm your hearts too . The Lucy character manages to be smart , cute , sassy and independent , which is a big improvement over some of the lame ladies in romantic fiction . Zach , as the macho policeman , is a bit much but able to be taught . Crusie also allows the reader a certain amount of imagination when it comes to the lustier moments . This book might just be the answer for a cold winter evening .
 This earlier work of Jennifer Crusie 's is a fun quick read . The characters are witty and entertaining . Dog lovers will also get a chuckle from Ms. Crusie 's descriptions of pets . The story is predictable which allows the reader to relish in the delightful dialogue .
 A newly divorced young woman , a hot cop , Action and Romance , what more could you ask for ?
 Lucy Savage does n't live her life according to impulse or whim . Everything she does is logical . So , when the second law of thermonuclear dynamics seemed to suggest that she marry Bradley Porter , she went ahead and did it . Obviously , that decision was moved by impulse and spontaneity masquerading as logic , because it did n't work out at all . Freshly divorced , Lucy promises herself that things are going to change . For one thing , she 's going to be more independent . No letting her sister tell her what to do , no letting a man take care of her . From now on , she 's going to do things on her own.Lucy 's first test of her independence comes right outside the diner where shejust had a post-divorce lunch with her sister . When a crazed -LRB- rough and sexy , sure but definitely crazed -RRB- man pulls her into an alley , Lucy asserts herself by clobbering him with her physics textbook laden purse and sprinting away . As she tells her dogs later that afternoon , standing up for yourself is strangely exhilarating.That thrilling feeling lasts right up until Lucy 's erstwhile mugger shows up at her front door . It turns out that he 's neither crazed nor a mugger , he 's a cop - Detective Zack Warren . Zack thinks Lucy 's ex , Bradley Porter , is somehow tied to fugitive master-embezzler John Bradley . Furthermore , Zack 's convinced someone is trying to do Lucy harm , possibly even trying to kill her.Zack figures that once he 's outlined the situation for Lucy , she 'll be sensible and do exactly what he says . He figures wrong . Lucy does n't believe her ex , rat though he is , would ever get involved with anything criminal . And , she informs the pushy detective , if someone really was shooting in that alley , they were most likely aiming for Zack . So no , she 's not going to go stay at her sister 's house . That leaves Zack with one choice . He 'll just have to move in with Lucy until he sorts the whole mess out . Now Lucy has to deal with a dangerous attraction inside her house as well as -LRB- possibly -RRB- a dangerous criminal outside.Jennifer Crusie 's second novel ranks right up there with some of her best . Lucy and Zack are extremely likable , both as individuals and as a couple , and the romance is realistic and fun . The mystery of the Bradleys adds an additional element to the story and keeps everything moving along with extra zip . Getting Rid of Bradley is a blast to read from beginning to end .
 I 'm 3 years too late , but I just came across this book and finally ... an author who got it right !! Many write a book around 1-2 lines of wit whereas this author wrote the story and the wit was automatic.I read this book in one day !!!
 I love this book . I 've had to buy several copies , because I read it so often that I often leave it somewhere I should n't . But I do n't like not having it , so I almost always have a copy somewhere in the house . This book is one of my favorite of Crusies . I like this , Agnes and the Hitman , and Manhunting , and that 's about it . I like this one because details like Lucy 's green hair , and the `` dead dog joke '' not being `` that 's no lady , that 's my wife '' are great and make lasting impressions . I really fell in love with the characters in this book , and I hope that anyone who reads Jennifer Crusie and does n't like her reads the three I have recommended , because they are worth it , and that 's why I watch out for her books . These are gems , and worth buying .
 This is one of the books of Jennifer Crusie that I did n't read the 1st time out - so it was nice to read some classic Jennifer Crusie . Her books always have great humor , fun characters and some interesting twists and turns . In this book you meet Lucy Savage on the day of her divorce from Bradley . The police think that Bradley is involved with a crime . When Lucy meets Officer Zack Warren she hits him and gives him a concussion - always a great start to any romance . A very cute afternoon read.Here are My favorite Jennifer Crusie novels ; Faking It , Welcome to TemptationandBet Me . Looking forward to her 2010 release Always Kiss Me Goodnight - a solo Crusie novel .
 Jennifer Cruisie is a great author . Her books are very entertaining and fast reads .
 Jennifer Cruise is the best ! I love her books and this one lived up to my expectations . The characters were believable and loveable and the action was great . The laughs are still coming whenever I think of this book .
 This author was recommended to me in a bookstore by another mystery lover ... and I 'm glad she did . Once I started reading , I did n't want to put it down . The main characters are very likable and easy to relate to . It has just the right amount of romance , mystery , and humor . Now I 'll have to read the rest of Jennifer Cruisie 's books.Jacqui TaylorAuthor of `` The Traveler 's Guide to Phtographic New England
 Lucy thinks she can finally get on with her life . Her divorce has just been finalized and she escaped with the home of her dreams and her freedom . But it seems her ex-husband Bradley is still stirring up trouble in her life.Zach is a rough around the edges cop who is determined to bring down a corporate embezzler that he has been survailing for months . There is only one problem , he ca n't seem to find him . However , he seems to have found someone who can lead him right to Bradley ... Lucy.Fresh off her divorce the last thing Lucy needs is romance , yet she ca n't help her attraction to this cop who seems to think Bradley was involved in some dangerous dealings . But when the danger hits a little too close to home , literally , Zach decides to move in with Lucy so that she has round the clock protection and the sparks ignite.You really can not go wrong with a Jenny Crusie romance . I ready ` GETTING RID OF BRADELY ' in one sitting and fell in love , just as I do with all of Crusie 's novels . If you are looking for a fun and frothy romance to get swept away by try this book !
 This is a reprint , but it is absolutely wonderful . My favorite Crusie book , and I read it again whenever I need a laugh .
 Meet schoolteacher Lucy Savage . She 's just been `` stood-up '' at a divorce hearing by her cheating husband Bradley , her pushy sister Tina keeps telling her what to do , and she has just acquired the hair-do from hell . On top of that , it seems that someone is trying to kill her . In the middle of all of this mayhem , she meets a handsome cop , Zack Warren , who is certain that Bradley is guilty of embezzlement . He also believes that Bradley , for one reason or another , is also behind the attempted shootings and mild bombings aimed towards Lucy . Hoping to protect Lucy and catch Bradley at the same time , Zach moves into Lucy 's home . Zack , who does n't consider himself the marrying type , is certain he 'll be able to maintain his hormone level throughout his time with Lucy . Lucy also believes that she 'll be able to contain her attraction , but somewhere along the way both her and Zack 's plan seems to crumble away , revealing a passion that neither have experienced before . `` Getting Rid of Bradley '' is one of those novels you just ca n't help laughing out loud to . Bestselling author Jennifer Crusie manages to tell an entertaining story by blending humour and sexual tension . The characters and situations they are thrust into are so crazy , so left field , that you ca n't help believing that it could actually happen . The interactions between Lucy and Zack are very entertaining to read and it 's nice to watch their relationship develop in such a short time period . What begins as an innocent attraction quickly turns into overwhelming passion and eventually love for the two , who seem hell-bent on preventing just that.If you 're looking for a light-hearted , romantic novel , check this one out . You 'll just love it!Gennie Bailey-Rogers
 After catching her perfect husband with a blonde , school teacher Lucy gets a quickie divorce and just wants to put the whole mess behind her . She intends to become a fully independent woman whose biggest responsibility will be keeping her menagerie of mutts happy . She does n't want or need another man in her life but when she spots dangerously handsome Zack in a caf&eacute; she figures a fling might not be a bad idea . But when he accosts her in the parking lot all of her sexy thoughts fly out the window and she beats the crap out of him with her textbook ! She 's thrilled with herself until she discovers he 's an undercover cop who was only trying to save her life . When further attempts are made on her life he moves in to protect her and ends up falling in love with her dogs and , although it scares theheck out of him , her.This is one of my favorite Crusie books . The heroine is easy to identify with as she has a perpetual bad hair day throughout most of the book . The hero looks tough , and tries to act tough but is a big marshmallow on the inside , especially when dealing with Lucy and her dogs . When he brings her a special gift I was a goner - and so was she . There 's a lot of humor , love and touching moments in this great book . I had a blast reading it .
 This book first came out in 1994 and despite beating a path to bookstore doors for the release of Ms. Crusie 's last 4 books ... I was caught unaware by this one . But , I snagged it off a shelf , brought it home and could n't stop reading once I had started it . Phone calls went unanswered , dog went unfed and frankly , I 'm not sure if I remembered to feed myself!A more unlikely couple would be hard to find then Lucy , a wacky , recently divorced teacher looking for some changes in her life , and Zack ... a cop that feels his age weighing heavily on his tall muscular body , even though he 's only 36 . The verbal exchanges they put each other through are some of the funniest I 've read and that includes Jennifer Crusie 's more recent offerings . This book is a delightful experience of laugh-out-loud , foot stomping , eye watering exercises . Along with the hysterically zany moments , we 're awarded some of the most enduring , red-hot steamy romantic displays between Lucy and Zack that rivial anything I 've read . This book is a whoop and a keeper !
 What fire-cracker humour ! What rapier wits and zany zest ! When you pick up a Jennifer Crusie book , you know it 's a laugh-till-you-drop affair and in a succinct yet marvellous short narration of around 245 pages - Crusie puts her deadpanned humour to such hilarious effects on a tale of love and sabotage . Not since MANHUNTING has Crusie ever been so sharp-witted with fast quips and meticulous observations , and her characters Lucy Savage Porter and Zack Warren is one hell of a firebrand couple.Lucy Porter just had a bad week - what with all the bad hair day that made a green moss out of her mane -LRB- which would probably attract male Tolkien fanatics , as her sister Tina puts it -RRB- , getting a divorce from her mundane husband Bradley after seeing him cosy up with a blonde , plus an irritating embezzling investigator Zack trailing her - she turns feral and savage -LRB- ironically her middle name -RRB- to get a grip on her life . It never rains but pours - Lucy becomes entangled when Bradley is a suspect of an embezzling case . She laughs . Even the insipid Bradley is playing a joke on her - life is n't what it seems.Things get funnier and hysterically comedic when Zack comes in to protect her from a vicious sabotage . He believes maturity is death and is a cynic at romance , but Lucy with her antics and three cute dogs changes his perception . He yearns a more domestic life , picking up cooking and ripping floorboards and even picks up stray dogs . Lucy 's ex-lovelife is based on a thermonuclear equation and she is going to be sterile of it - go illogical . Can their romance last ? But before they can get until there , the sabotage intensifies to a potential life-threatening situation ... GETTING RID OF BRADLEY proves Ms. Crusie 's mastery at weaving a tight smalltown mystery with keen observations on woman 's psyche in change and love . It brims with dry sardonic wits and humour and charms with a big heart . Lucy is sympathetic and endearing ; Zack is a passionate guy . It is a boost to our faith in love and fun . This book is needed as a reliving panacea for anyone who is on to getting rid of -LRB- depression or husbands -RRB- badly .
 Jennifer Crusie is one of the rising stars among romance writers , and deservedly so . Her books are clever and quick-moving . GETTING RID OF BRADLEY is a re-issue of an earlier novel , and it will delight her newer fans who missed the book on its first go-round . Her characters are distinctive and well-developed , and the plot is far more detailed than in most conventional romances . Heroine Lucy Savage is endearing and compelling , with foibles that seem all too real . The dogs are real and compelling , also . Reading Ms. Crusie 's CV on the back of the jacket , it is easy to understand how she has become such a star in her field.The only complaint is that once this plot reached its inevitable climax -- every pun intended -- the story becomes more about lust than about mystery . This is a pity , because Jennifer Crusie has crafted a romance novel that has far more depth than the genre usually requires .
 You do n't read a romance novel for the plot which is a good thing for Jennifer Crusie 's `` Getting Rid of Bradley . '' All the defining elements of a great contemporary romance novel are here - an extremely sexy copy hero , witty dialogue , lots of sexual tension - and you 'll really enjoy the book if you do n't get distracted by the contrived plot . The hero , Zack Warren , is very well drawn . Thanks to Crusie 's vivid prose , you really get a strong sense of his edgy energy and intense emotional reactions . The heroine , Lucy Savage , just got a quicky divorce , and lives in a great house with her rather unique dogs , including one who performs a dog joke . Even though she 's suffering from a bad dye job that left her hair green , she is enjoying feeling independent and adventurous - handy since people are shooting at her and planting bombs in her house . Zack , a police officer , moves in to protect her , and there 's lots of fun reading as these two strong personalities try to come to grips wih their strong attraction . A classic contemporary romance scenario . My problem with the book is that the unknown threat that brings them together does n't work . The jumping off point for the back plot is Lucy 's ex-husband , Bradley . Zack believes Bradley has something to do with the bombs , etc. ; Lucy is adamant that her ex is too staid and boring to be involved in a crime . First , I could n't reconcile the Lucy we see in the story with the doormat that married a man she always found extremely dull . Second , the crime is n't very interesting , and the bad guys ' motivation for threatening Lucy just is n't believable . If you concentrate on Zack and Lucy and their relationship and ignore the rest , you 'll enjoy this book .
 Jennifer Crusie 's second romance novel , Getting Rid of Bradley , has a lot to offer . For those who enjoy light , fun , easy reads -- this one works ; for readers in dire need of romance and sex -- this one fits the bill ; or for those who love a good mystery -- well , need I say more?Getting Rid of Bradley starts off in the middle of all the action
 `` Getting Rid of Bradley '' by Jennifer Crusie is one of my favourite books . I read a lot and I know what I like , and this is definitely it ! The book is character-driven and both the heroine and hero are entertaining and endearing . Lucy Savage , previously Lucy Savage-Porter - which , according to her sister , made her sound like an angry bell-hop - is quirky and crazy . Between her ever-changing and often increasingly bad hair days and her lovable dogs - who are rounded characters in themselves :-RRB- - she keeps the pages turning . She meets the love of her life , Zack Warren , after mistaking the unsuspecting sexy cop for a mugger and beating him up in the street - although he maintains that he let her do it , of course . What with her obsessive soon-to-be-ex-husband on the loose , at least one criminal running around shooting at people and a mystery to solve , Zack decides that there is simply no other way around it than that he should move into her beloved house - which she likes more than her ex - with her . Lucy soon finds that Zack - who is in denial that he is in his thirties and could soon be * gasp * old - is a mix of mischievous little boy and mature sex-on-legs man , and Zack swings from commitment-phobe to realising quite quickly that he never wants to leave Lucy , the dogs and the house - heck , he 's even loving her cooking lessons ! - and just has to figure out a way to get her out of the divorce court and straight back down the aisle - with him ! This book is fast-paced , well-written and just plain funny ! Highly recommended for romance readers or anyone with a sense of humour .
 On the day the divorce from her womanizing husband , Bradley , is final , Lucy Savage ca n't stop looking at the dangerous looking man in the diner -- so different from her banker ex . Maybe it 's time to do something spontaneous instead of logical . Outside the diner , the dangerous looking man proves himself -- by trying to mug her ! Luckily , Lucy is able to fight him off with her physics textbook , and goes home feeling quite pleased with herself.Zack Warren can hardly believe the woman he tried to protect from gunfire outside the diner actually assaulted him with her purse . He did n't even have time before she ran to tell her he was a cop . Now he has to figure out who was shooting at her and why , and what information she has about Bradley , the embezzler he 's trying to catch.When Lucy wo n't leave her home even though it would be safer for her to stay somewhere else -LRB- after all , she ca n't leave her three dogs -RRB- , Zack stays with her to protect her , and the incendiary devices fly fast and furious . The fire between Lucy and Zack seems to be even stronger than the fire that Bradley -- or someone -- is throwing at them.If you 've read other books by Jennifer Crusie , you know about her quick humor , witty dialog , memorable characters , yummy love scenes , endearing pets ... stories that you 'll happily devour in one sitting . All those elements are present in this Romance Writers of America RITA award winner . If you have n't read Jennifer Crusie , do n't wait another day
 I enjoyed the book once I got over the readers voice . The book was exciting and fun to listen to i alway enjoy Jennifer cruise books .
 Getting Rid of Bradley by Jennifer CrusieShe 's just gotten divorced and feels free again . Until she gets mugged in the alley.Bad things lead to her ex-husband , Bradley but she holds the secret.Somebody blows up her house , many times , her car , and the protection comes to pay a visit and stay . She has feeling for the cop and he as well.Lucy ca n't wait til they find out the person , there are a ton of bank bonds out there still and a strange double identity.Comical and serious at the same time .
 Her books are always intricately plotted and funny , but this one had some sibling rivalry that struck a chord with me . I felt the characters were all well developed and supported . I am a huge fan of Crusie 's books and I might be biased , but this is one book I 've read more than once for the reasons I 've listed . You ca n't go wrong with any of her books .
 In my opinion , reissue usually = dreadful . However , this novel was lots of fun . Granted , it 's not the deepest story ever and some of the character development was pretty abrupt , but when the book was over , I had a big smile on my face . The humor in this book was great -- Crusie did n't just have me laughing , she had me snorting . Also , though the hero is far from perfect , he completely charmed me . All in all , an enjoyable read .
 I 've loved Jennifer 's books for years now , she 's one of the authors whose books I always keep because I know I 'll want to read them over and over , but Getting Rid of Bradley gets read more than the others . Lucy 's bad hair days , her love of her house and her dogs , the dogs themselves , Zack and his joy in discovering the fun of domesticity , it 's all pure delight and I do n't think I 'll ever get tired of this book .
 Crusie 's the best at funny , sexy romances . Lucy 's a strong female character . The dialog is funny and witty . The chemistry between her and Zach is hot ... great sustained tension.The sex is paired with affection and love . I liked it a lot .
 After reading so many sci-fi and espionage novels , I wanted something light to read during a weekend at my daughter 's . I recalled an extremely hysterical book -LRB- Tell Me Lies -RRB- by Jennifer Crusie and HAD to buy this one , since I have some very close Bradley 's in my life . This was classified as Romance , but the romance was n't your typical ` fabio ' style sappy novel . It was clever , funny , had some mystery and action , a well rounded and enjoyable read .
 This is n't the best book I 've read in the last year , or even in the last month , but it was worth reading . Lucy and Zack were good together . I also liked Lucy 's sister . The story line was a little lame , but in no way was the way in which Lucy met Zack silly . It was very plausible for her to have met the man of her dreams on the very day she felt her life was falling apart.However , I will say that the focus on Lucy 's badly dyed hair was stupid .
 This is a fun , fast little mystery . Not much gore and a pretty entertaining story . I would have given it a 5 , but I got REAL tired of the learing and longing for sex between the 2 main characters ; way too much of that .
 I totally loved this book . I was hooked all the way through . I loved the two main characters . Jennifer Crusie 's books have all been wonderful so far . . and I will continue to look forward to the others .
 Why do I love books by Jennifer Crusie ? There are a multitude of reasons why . She has that special writing quality that makes you not want to miss a word , when other books make you want to just groan and skip a few paragraphs to the more interesting parts . I have read all of Crusie 's books and found them all highly entertaining , and this one was not a disappointment ! I wo n't go into the plot because every other reviewer most likely will , be Lucy was witty and adorable , and sexy Zack was tender and so in love with her . And the cute little habit Lucy had of blinking - priceless !
 ... Crusie.This is the first book I read by you and I still enjoy reading it now.A VERY GOOD READ .
 Talk about bad hair days . Lucy has just gotten divorced when she assaults Zack , thinking he 's a mugger . Zack is really a detective searching for Lucy 's ex-husband . One look at Lucy , her three dogs , and her house and Zack , a confirmed bachelor , is down for the count . Another great Crusie read .
 I bought this book as a joke - my husband 's name is Bradley ! What a good move ... the book is great . I stayed up half the night reading it . This is the first book I 've read by Ms. Crusie , but it wo n't be my last !
 I am 19 and I finally started reading books with sex in them . I am a bit of a goody-goody . This is a great book for beginners like me . I thought it was funny and sweet . I loved it !
 Lucy Savage , like a lot of Crusie heroines , has decided to take control of her life , but so far it 's not going well . Her husband Bradley stood her up in divorce court , the blonde dye job that was supposed to symbolize her independence turned out greenish , her sister keeps telling her what to do , and the sexy guy in the leather jacket turned out to be a mugger . At least she stood up for herself there -- she beat him off with her physics book.Except he was n't really a mugger -- he was a cop , and he 'd knocked her down to keep her from being shot . Zack Warren 's after an embezzler named Bradley , and when he overheard Lucy tell her sister she was going home to `` get rid of Bradley '' -LRB- throw out all his stuff -RRB- , he put 2 & 2 together.Now he 's adding protecting Lucy to finding Bradley.Getting Rid of Bradley is fast-moving and witty , with wonderful screwball-comedy dialogue and characters whose view of the world is just slightly skewed , but in their heads they 're completely reasonable.It just occurred to me that that 's one thing I always enjoy about a Crusie novel -- how clearly you can see the characters . Even when you 're in their POV -LRB- point of view , not privately owned vehicle -RRB- , you can see the contrast between how they see the world and how the world sees them -- because everybody 's a little off-center -- it 's part of being human.And there 's a dog -- three of them , in this case , including Heisenberg , who does a `` dog joke , '' and cracks me up completely.I loved watching Lucy and Zack fall in love and merge their lives . You can see it happening , kind of like those clocks with clear cases so all the little gears are visible . There 's no sudden about-face , no unmotivated actions , it 's all right there on the page . I 'm not explaining this well , I realize , but it makes perfect sense in my head . At any rate , it makes the book a joy to read , and re-read .
 Very humorous , although I would have liked a little more between the sheets . Okay plot , but the characters were likable enough for me to recommend it for a `` quick '' read . Also , let me recommend one I just finished , The Color of Revenge . Hot , hot , hot !
 This was the first book by Jennifer Crusie that i have read and i just loved it . i had got hold of this book on a very ` bad day ' . I was very depressed . it was not easy to make me laugh but this book did it . i laughed out loud ... and it felt very good ! As from now Crusie is my favorite romance writer . Thank you jennifer for writing this book !
 It was a very cute story but I personally prefer ANYONE BUT YOU over this story . The character Zack in this story is a bit rough around the edges for me . Although at the end he did soften up a lot , but I felt his character was very rough . However it was a nice , humorous story , and it does keep the reader interested through out the plot .
 I really enjoyed this book . It had a story , great characters and it developed at a good pace . I couldnt put the book down ! Most importantly there were some really funny bits in it.I well recommend this read .
 I 'm a recent Jennifer Crusie fan , and am working on reading all her `` old '' books . I love her ! Her writing is top , and she keeps it realistic enough to be believeable , but humorous too . This was one of her earlier books from the Harlequin `` Temptation '' line , and we can see what appears to be Harlequin holding her back in someways . `` Getting Rid of Bradley '' is n't as funny as some of her earlier works . It feels like she 's following the rules laid down by Harlequin . However , despite this , it allows her voice to come through . From Lucy with the green hair to the end . . top writing that only gets better !
 I read a lot . But it 's rare that I love a book . I loved `` Mysts of Avalon '' , I loved `` Garden of Good and Evil '' I loved `` Reign of Gold '' and I love this book . It 's smart , sassy , and FUNNY . This is my new favorite book . I ca n't wait to read the author 's other books . Share it with your girlfriends . I actually laughed out loud at many parts .
 This is the first Jennifer Cruise novel I 've read , and I 'll definitely be a repeat reader . Lucy and Zack are an incredibly likeable couple , and it 's nice to see a male character who relies on his `` intuition . '' Lucy 's dogs are also a hoot , with personality to spare . My only complaint is that Tina , Lucy 's sister , and Anthony , Zack 's partner , were under cast . This is a light read , a great beach book .
 When her husband has an affair , Lucy Savage , with encouragement from her sister , divorces him . But Bradley has promised he 'll explain everything and Lucy goes to the greasy-spoon where he 's promised he 'll meet her . There 's no Bradley there , but there is a sexy cop -- one who 's so disreputable looking , Lucy believes he 's a mugger . And he really does almost mug Lucy when someone takes a shot at them when they leave the diner.Cop Zach Warren had been sent to the diner by a phone call promising him he 'd find an embezzlement suspect , Bradley , there . There has to be a connection between Lucy 's Bradley and the Bradley he 's after . Searching the things Bradley left in Lucy 's house -- things he left because Lucy 's sister bought all new locks the instant he headed out the door -- has got to lead to a clue . Unfortunately , though , instead of a clue , Zach finds an annoying cat next door , and continued threats against Lucy . The threats do n't seem designed to kill her , exactly , but they certainly are scary . Zach 's answer is to stick around and body-guard the sexy schoolteacher.Lucy believes in logic , not love . And logic tells her that ` her ' Bradley would never embezzle a million dollars . It also tells her that Zach is exactly the wrong man for her . But logic does n't have any explanation for why she wants him around.In this early novel by Jennifer , Cruise combines humor , endearing -LRB- if very odd -RRB- characters , and a bit of adventure in a completely enjoyable fast read . Originally published in Harlequin 's Temptation line , GETTING RID OF BRADLEY went a long way to establish Crusie 's reputation as a star in the romance genre . More than ten years later , the book remains fresh and fun . Zach is a charming character -- worried about being in his mid-thirties , insistent that Lucy did n't really beat him up when she 'd thought he was mugging her , delighted with his ability to cook nachos and other simple dishes after eating in restaurants for years -LRB- as Lucy insists he learn to cook -RRB- . But Lucy is the real star of the story -- concerned about being independent , with frequently changing hair color , flaky enough to ignore Zach 's most basic safety requests , but with a real strength that drives the story forward.Crusie has made a career out of throwing dysfunctional characters into danger and creating a mix of laughter and suspense out of it . In this early novel , she already has the touch . I 'm happy to recommend GETTING RID OF BRADLEY for those of us who missed the novel on its first release . -LRB- GETTING RID OF BRADLEY was initially released as Harlequin Temptation # 480 , January 1994 -RRB- .
 Despite having seen Jennifer Crusie come up time and again on reviewer 's favorite lists , I did n't buy them right away . I think that 's because humor is a relative thing , but many times I have read a book that other people have found funny , but I was thinking `` Where 's the humor ? '' I finally gave it a plunge on `` Getting Rid of Bradley '' and much to my surprise , this book was really FUNNY ! This is a book full of zany people doing zany things , and everywhere they turn , something zany happens to them . They are funny , but they are likable too . It 's hard not to feel sorry for our heroine - while some of us could have an unlucky day , there 's nothing like having an unlucky LIFE to make you feel really , really , really down in the dumps ! I loved the people , I loved the dialogue , I loved the hero/heroine , I just thought they were sweet.The book starts off with our heroine deciding that she 's finally finished letting everyone else tell her what to do , and now that her divorce is final , she 'll tell her busy body sister that she 's now in charge of her own destiny . Right away we are getting a bad feeling , and yes , as they say in Murphy-land , everything that could go wrong promtly goes wrong . What we end up with is an hilarious tale of cops and robbers , and what the reader gets out of this is three hours of laughs , plus a really happy ending -LRB- did you ever see a guy fall in love with a woman with green hair ? Not grass green , but slime green ? When that happens , you know it 's for keeps . -RRB- It 's funny , but the style of this book reminds me a bit of Rex Stout 's Archie Goodwin . -LRB- This is an older book , for those who do n't know him -RRB- . But unlike Rex Stout , the plot of the murder mystery is really hardly anything to write home about . Especially the Bradly part - I kept waiting for some tie-in as why they are both Bradley - but it never happened . It seems that it was just a coincidence - that 's just a little bit too coincidental , even for a book that 's not based in too strongly in reality.This book is definitely recommended to anyone who like to laugh .
 Lucy Savage and Zack Warren are the main characters.Einstein -LRB- sheepdog -RRB- , Heisenberg -LRB- `` walking mop '' -RRB- , and Maxwell -LRB- mutt -RRB- are Lucy 's dogs . Wonderful characters , as only Ms. Crusie writes!Lucy meets Zack when he mugs her after she lusts after him -LRB- a little bit -RRB- in a diner she and her sister -LRB- Tina -RRB- go to after Lucy 's divorce from Bradley is finalized . Lucy beats Zack up with her purse filled with physics books for the high school science classes that she teaches , and gets away from him . She runs into the police , sends them after Zack , and goes home.Zack is n't a mugger ... he 's a Detective in Property Crimes with the local police department . He tried to question Lucy about Bradley , as he is wanted for stealing a million dollars in bonds from the bank he worked for.Zack and Lucy are immediately attracted to one another . Lucy is upset scandalized because she just got divorced . Zack is terrified because he does n't want to die -LRB- which he equates responsibility and commitment with , and as precursors to -RRB- . Zack knows that Lucy is n't a `` good-time '' girl , but one that you marry . Lucy knows that Zack is wonderful ... but scared.The secondary characters -LRB- Anthony , Zack 's partner ; Tina , Lucy 's sister ; Phoebe , the neighbor 's psychopathic cat ; and Pete , the new dog -RRB- add solid layers to the storyline.I laughed aloud many times while reading this story . However , the BEST laugh came from the following scene : '' ' ... All the time , ' the patrolman said . ` I 'll just have to call this in , sir ... ' he began , looking at Zack 's ID , and then he , too , screamed . ` Shoot the cat , ' Zack said . ` It 's assaulted two officers and resisted arrest . Do it . `` In response to Phoebe 's first attack on Zack . -LRB- Spoiler
 I like Jennifer Cruisie books , which are rather more intelligent romantic fiction than most of the alternatives available right now . This book is a charming example of what she can do best , which is create believable characters while avoiding stereotype and putting them in believable and authentic situations that somehow retain a sense of humor and sense of the absurd.It is an accomplishment most modern romantic fiction writers somehow avoid , to their eternal detriment.In this particular missive , Cruisie chronicles a take on the time-honored mistaken-identity plot , in which our hapless heroine , recently divorced and swearing off all but the most irrelevantly physical of relationships , gets intertwined with the the town 's police officer who 's investigating her former husband on charges of embezzlement . Of course , the two have a disproportionate attraction to each other , which interferes with the task at hand . Of course , there are myriad opportunities for confusion and conflict . Of course , this being a Cruisie novel , there is a dog -LRB- or , in this case , three dogs , including Heisenburg , the moppish dog who has coined his own joke -RRB- . This is a great example of escapist modern literature . While Cruisie might not be Shakespeare or Homer , she aims for another chord altogether ... it 's a worthwhile , fun , intelligently wrought chord . Try it !
 The first book I read by Crusie was ` Welcome to Temptation ' , and I have been hooked since ! ` Getting Rid of Bradley ' is a feel-good book that will keep you smiling and laughing till the end . Unlike some romances that have their boring parts , Crusie livens the plot with mystery + sexy cop Zack . I absolutley loved this book + it is a great read .
 What fire-cracker humour ! What rapier wits and zany zest ! When you pick up a Jennifer Crusie book , you know it 's a laugh-till-you-drop affair and in a succinct yet marvellous short narration of around 245 pages - Crusie puts her deadpanned humour to such hilarious effects on a tale of love and sabotage . Not since MANHUNTING has Crusie ever been so sharp-witted with fast quips and meticulous observations , and her characters Lucy Savage Porter and Zack Warren is one hell of a firebrand couple.Lucy Porter just had a bad week - what with all the bad hair day that made a green moss out of her mane -LRB- which would probably attract male Tolkien fanatics , as her sister Tina puts it -RRB- , getting a divorce from her mundane husband Bradley after seeing him cosy up with a blonde , plus an irritating embezzling investigator Zack trailing her - she turns feral and savage -LRB- ironically her middle name -RRB- to get a grip on her life . It never rains but pours - Lucy becomes entangled when Bradley is a suspect of an embezzling case . She laughs . Even the insipid Bradley is playing a joke on her - life is n't what it seems.Things get funnier and hysterically comedic when Zack comes in to protect her from a vicious sabotage . He believes maturity is death and is a cynic at romance , but Lucy with her antics and three cute dogs changes his perception . He yearns a more domestic life , picking up cooking and ripping floorboards and even picks up stray dogs . Lucy 's ex-lovelife is based on a thermonuclear equation and she is going to be sterile of it - go illogical . Can their romance last ? But before they can get until there , the sabotage intensifies to a potential life-threatening situation ... GETTING RID OF BRADLEY proves Ms. Crusie 's mastery at weaving a tight smalltown mystery with keen observations on woman 's psyche in change and love . It brims with dry sardonic wits and humour and charms with a big heart . Lucy is sympathetic and endearing ; Zack is a passionate guy . It is a boost to our faith in love and fun . This book is needed as a reliving panacea for anyone who is on to getting rid of -LRB- depression or husbands -RRB- badly .
 I will admit to being a bit overwhelmed in the beginning since it jumped in with all these characters and all this action , but it did not take me long to settle down comfortably in the plot . I adored how Crusie allows the reader a certain amount of imagination when it comes to the lustier moments . The characters had a wonderful blend of humor , intelligence , and chemistry . Also , the plot was interesting and had a few twists and turns , but nothing that seemed outlandishly implausible .
 This book was a fabulous read . A funny , down-to-earth , modern-day romance , `` Getting Rid Of Bradley '' is a book I 'd recommend to any romance-lover . Jennifer Crusie has a wonderful way of telling stories . Her writing is fabulously funny , direct and just screams with realistic dialog . There was never a moment where scenes became pointless , long-winded or boring , as I 've found other romances to be . This is a great book to indulge yourself with . Happy reading !
 What a fun book ! I had a great time reading this , and chuckled my way quite a few parts of the book . The characters in Ms. Crusie 's books are so likeable and enjoyable that I always have fun reading her books and count myself among one her new fans . I highly recommend this book .
 This is one of my favorite Crusie books ever . The story is fun and fresh . The hero is deliciously masculine and protective without being overbearing to the point of disgust . The heroine is someone I could relate to really well.The best thing about this re-release is the new cover . This cover represents the tone of the story much better than the paperback cover.Overall , a great book with a fancy new cover . I highly recommend it !
 This book was entertaining and funny . I recommend this book . It was easy reading and did n't want to put the book down .
 This book is just what I would want . Handsome cop protecting me against the bad guys and then falling in love with the cop . Getting Rid of Bradley is a romance novel through and through . Cute , absolutely hilarious ! and makes you blush . This is a fast read and it makes you want more and more .
 This is a satisfying romantic suspense novel . The two protagonists are well-developed and interesting . The plot keeps you reading , but the good and bad guys are clearly cut in black-and-white from the beginning . A worthwhile read , despite its predictablility .
 I bought this book after reading some of the Amazon customer reviews . While I 'm a fan of the romance genre , this is my first foray into the `` romantic comedy '' type book . I have to say , this book was amazing ! The characters had a wonderful blend of humor , intelligence , and chemistry . Both Nick and Lucy have this great blend of strength -LRB- often that they 're not aware of in themselves , but which the other character sees in them -RRB- and sensitivity . Plus , I really enjoyed the animal loving aspect to both characters -- it made them seem like people I 'd want to know , or might know in real life ! -LRB- Who among us ca n't relate to the tug of your heartstrings when you see a stray dog or cat ? -RRB- Also , the plot was interesting and had a few twists and turns , but nothing that seemed outlandishly implausible . All in all , I 'd highly recommend this book and plan to try to read anything Ms. Crusie puts out !
 This is a book written by Jennifer Crusie before her blockbuster best-sellers . It 's shorter than her recent books -LRB- written to that short , digestable romance format -RRB- , so the characters are n't as well developed as you 'll find in `` Tell Me Lies '' , `` Crazy for You '' , `` Welcome to Tempation '' , `` Fast Women '' . But Crusie is such a solid writer -LRB- and was back then , too -RRB- she rises above the limiting format and delivers a solid , fast-paced , enjoyable tale . She has a gift for humor and believable , but witty , dialog . You do come to care for the characters . I 'd recommend this book !
 Even though the story is dated , -LRB- police officers typing on a typewriter -RRB- the characters were delightful , the sex scenes steamy enough , it was worth reading .
 This is definitely one of her better reads . It has a hint of mystery to it , and not to much of her love making writing ...
 Each of Ms Crusie ' s books that I have read have been simply delightful . Her sense of humour is fresh and her characters are interesting . OK , so this is n't War and Peace . What it is is a perfect way to work away a few hours with a story that allows you to relax , unwind and laugh . These days , that is , in my estimation a true gift .
 I love Jennifer Crusie books , and I think this may be my favorite . The book was delivered in perfect condition and in a timely manner .
 This is a great book ... It 's filled with a hundred spells from various cultures , religions and traditions that work independent of any specific culture , religion or tradition . What 's wonderful about it , is that Draja focuses on making magick PRACTICAL . How refreshing ! A lot of the spells are simple to perform and require items that are easily available to most people . There are a few spells that i find to be rather peculiar or overly time-consuming , but they 're an interesting read at the least . He provides practical spells for most of the situations that people encounter in their daily lives ... money , health , jobs , luck , relationships , etc. . He does have a slight paternal tone in telling people not to alter the spells , but i take that to simply be a guardrail for the novice magick user . It 's a great little sourcebook for spells and as inspiration to help you create your own . Definately a `` must-have '' for me ! =-RRB- -RRB-
 Draja Mickaharic 's books A Century of Spells , and Spiritual Cleansings have been in my library since the 80 's , and although many magical books , and spell books have been bought afterwards , I always seam to go back to Draja . A Century of Spells dabbles and mixes well Southern Hoodoo , Santeria , Christian Magic , and Caribbean Magic . This book is filled with wise wisdom on how to create excellent and powerful ritual incense such as High Spirit Incense , Meditation Incense , and House blessing Incense , it also gives you good instructions on how to fumigate , `` smudge '' with incense . The Herb section is just a quick basic intro to herbalism , and some of the herbs used in Hoodoo Magic such as Solomon 's Seal , Snakeroot , and Poke root to name a few.There are spells using loadstones , how to create Four Thieves Vinegar . Methods for Spiritual Bath. , oils , water sprinkles , spoken spells , and written spells are also discussed . If you are an opened minded person , because the book has spells using Jesus Christ , the Archangels , The Seven African Powers `` Orishas '' , and Allah , then this little handy book belongs in your library .
 When I bough this book I thought this would be just another bogus book . But it 's not ! This book is full of interesting spells like reversing spells , protection spells , and even making baths . I would recommend this book to anyone who intersted in this kind of magick .
 I have a vast collection of books on magick , spells and witchcraft - some good , some not so - but this one is my bible ! It 's always the first volume I grab when in need and I 've had some great results .
 An excellent little collection of spells . Not wicca or CM , so if you 're looking for those you might be more pleased with some other selection . But it 's good solid folk magic , largely of a mixed African and European flavor.I would n't say the book is indispensable for the advanced or intermediate practitioner . It 's largely addressed at the beginner . But it 's a pleasant read , well organised , and contains more useful practical spells than most books on the market these days.I definitely class it as a good value , especially at the price .
 I liked this bok very much . I have an older printing with a different cover so Im not sure if the new edition is any different . I really enjoy the author 's style in writing and his material seems well researched . This is NOT a wiccan book , this is based more on a mystical catholic style and contains wisdom from african and african based tradtitons . There are a lot of spell books on the market , this is one of the few good ones .
 I was very happy to find this book . When i first came across it , a friend of mine showed it to me . Later on I decided to purchase a copy and it 's been a staple of my spirituality ever since . This book is filled with folk wisdom , simples , recipes , and more . If you are looking for a non-wiccan spell book then this is for you .
 I really wish I had come across all of the books by this author several years ago . Then Amazon would n't quite have as much of my money as they do!There is a clarity and a delightful lack of the condescension that one so often finds in many authors writing in this genre today . His writing style is fluid and the instructions and cautions are presented in a simple and clearly stated manner.I have 6 of his books now and , I 've just discovered a couple titles that I do n't have already so Amazon will be getting some more money .
 Nicely written and easy to understand , I found this book a good reference search for magical works . Most of the ingredients are quite easy to find except one had me scouring the local hardware stores for almost 8 months before I could find the stuff . But in the end , all 's well that ends well . I like the author 's work and I feel she has set a certain style when it comes to appealing to general needs and senses . Even the title of this book is very enticing . Who can possibly ignore such a treasured find ? Imagine . . a century of secrets tuck between the pages for a small price . Well , as for whether the spells work , I can not really say cos I did perform some protection spell and I know nothing is 100 % full proof . But again , perhaps it did in its own mysterious ways ; although for real dramatics , '' The Truth About Witchcraft Today '' by the late Scott Cunningham did grab my total awe for immediate results .
 Draja Mickaharic 's `` A Century of Spells '' -LRB- along with all of his other books -RRB- are one of the few natural magick spellbooks out there that can actually be called a spellbook . Draja does n't spoon feed you or dumb his writing style down for the average 13-year old . He begins by recommending preliminary books , and gives you an important daily relaxation exercise that will help you train to do properly and effectively perform magick . You can tell just by reading the introduction that this book has been written by a true master , who certainly doesnt take any of the BS and nonsense so common nowadays in mainstream books -LRB- * cough * * cough * Llewellyn -RRB- that make it seem as though you can perform miracles with out any training . As for the spells , well , actually , there are some spells and formulas here that I 've never heard of anywhere before . This book contains a little bit of everything from everywhere . So before you go ahead and dive into the `` New Age '' section of your local Barnes & Nobles/Borders , buy this book along with all of Draja Mickaharic 's other books and get some sense before attempting anything stupid . Highly recommended book .
 Excellent Resource and Reference Guide . After reading Mickaharic 's `` The Practice of Magic '' I hastened to buy every book of his I could find . This book was the perfect follow-up as are his others .
 My teacher recommended this and I love it . It 's not for new-agey type spells or anything like that . It 's OLD-SCHOOL and very effective stuff .
 The Original Press version of this book - Spiritual Cleansing - was published by Samuel Weiser . At the same time , copies were printed under the Original Press Imprint to be sold by this wholesaler . I beleive they are now out of business , and there will be no more copies of thie book available.A new edition of Spiritual cleansing was published ny Red Wheel Weiser once they bought out Samule Weiser , Inc. . Buy that one It 's got new material in it .
 This small book contains a very good collection of spells from variouse traditions and best part of is that most of the spells presented in this book can be done with simple ingredients found in one 's kitchen , Unlike some other spells where sometimes getting the ingredients for a particular spell may sometimes become quite challenging and time consuming process.The author presents her work in a very simple and easy to understand way.I would give this book 5stars . This is one book which one can use for his/her lifetime and is well-worth the money .
 This particular piece of literature would be a great reference guide to someone who was well experienced in the art however this is not the type of book that a beginner would want . It is almost all just a listing .
 When I bough tthis book I thought this would be just another bogus book . But it 's not ! This book is full of interesting spells like reversing spells , protection spells , and even making baths . I would reccomend this book to anyone who intersted in this kind of magick .
 I have a vast collection of books on magick , spells and witchcraft - some good , some not so - but this one is my bible ! It 's always the first volume I grab when in need and I 've had some great results .
 The book begins with caveats that were common in books related to magic and alchemy written over the past several centuries and personally I highly appreciate them . After all the author does bear the responsibility for sharing the information and mentioning those caveats absolves the author if someone chooses to misuse the information . It also helps to remind those who are still listening to their conscience , but may have become temporarily blinded or become deaf to it due to some hurt . In my experience , I have discovered that people do help each other to live higher lives by reminding each other of better ways , by reminding each other that they can solve their problems by blessing , rather than cursing . We live in a world where we are subject to all kinds of temptations , and even those who are truly committed to living a spiritual life , may find themselves slipping and considering things they never thought they would do before , and at such times we can indeed help each other to make healthier choices in life.This book begins with a simple protection spell , or if you will a simple and effective affirmation for spiritual protection : `` The Lord surrounds me with light , love and protection . I am safe within this sphere of love from all which may seek to harm me . `` When working with spells , magic , prayers , hypnosis or whatever name you may give to mind power , what makes it work is subjectively experiencing the reality of that which you would like to manifest in your outer world.The book then has a chapter with simple reversing spells using different elements -LRB- water , fire , earth , air , and even iron -RRB- . The purpose of these spells is to break the influence of the person who may have cast a spell to influence you in some way.Then there are water spells , which consist primarily of having spiritual baths . And if you have had any interest in esoteric studies , you may be already familiar with bath consisting of epsom salts and sodium bicarbonate -LRB- baking powder -RRB- , which is effective for cleaning and rebalancing your energy field . While sitting in this bath , use appropriate visualizations , affirmations chants , prayers and/or psalms -LRB- e.g. psalms 23 and 51 -RRB- . You will then find different simple incense recipes for general use -LRB- a popular resin incense for general use is made out of frankincense , myrrh and benzoin in this book called `` High Spirit incense '' - which you can mix yourself , or buy it as Three Kings incense -RRB- , and there are other recipes for specific purposes such as for protection , meditation , concentration , abundance , etc.Then there is a section on making herbal oils - one of the popular ones is Holy Anointing Oil -LRB- elswehre called also `` Abramelin Oil '' which is made by mixing cinnamon , cassia -LRB- a variety of cinnamon -RRB- , myrrh and calamus with olive oil , as well as instructions for making blessing and magnet oils.A number of herbs are listed with their magical use , so you can create other oils for your purposes.You then learn how to put together charm bags , also called `` wanga '' , or `` mojo bags '' , or `` hands '' in different traditions of African origin , like Hoodoo rootwork.Provided are variety of chants -LRB- spells -RRB- mostly of Christian origin , though there are few Islamic chants -LRB- surah -RRB- from Kur ` an , and even a chant to Seven African Powers . Few chants / spells are from the book Long Lost Friend , used by Hexenmeisters.You will also find few written spells and loadstone spells.While each section has very few spells or herbs , if you are mainly interested in your spiritual growth , these will be sufficient for cleansing , protection , meditation and helping you to deepen your spiritual awareness and deal more comfortably with daily challenges . Also the book may appeal more to people who enjoy working with Hoodoo , rather than to those that are looking for books related to Wicca or ceremonial magic . Personally I love this book , and all other books written by Draja Mickaharic and am grateful that he has written them . They are all small and rather simple , but I consider them all very useful .
 very good book . This book deals with spiruality and goes to the Christian aspect of magic . It is all very good reading and I have n't tried any spells yet but it is very interesting how Draja wrote this book . I highly recomend book to any one intressed in magic and it is good for reference it looks like .
 I enjoyed this book even more than the first one -- Spiritual Cleansing -- andfound the use of common herbs for magic fascinating and fun ... but the mainpoint is that the spells work -- who knows why -- because they focus one 's thoughtsand energy -- because they focus energy that is collected and available in theuniverse -- or simply because magic has been around for thousands of years and plantshave a cooperative energy when a human breathes a desired result into theiralready-willing-life-force ? No matter ` Why , ' the ` Whats ' are all here and theauthor actually knows what he is talking about.This book is my favorite of Mickaharic 's and if I had to take one book on magic withme if I moved to a new city this would be the one . If you are looking for darkmagic you need to keep looking , but if you want one of the simplest , most complete , little reference books on spells for protection , healing , cleansing and attractingpositive energy in love and money this is certainly worth reading over and overuntil you own the information . Master every spell in this book and your life willindeed be more harmonious !
 An interesting compendium of over a hundred simple to use spell . Draja Mickaharic was born in Bosnia and ended up immigrating to America back in 1939 . It seems that he has picked up his spell for a variety of sources . Some sources are books while other seem to be from his travel . Most of the magical practices are not from any organized form of Witchcraft but seem to be folk remedies used by the common folk . THe author seems to have a good sound knowledge of how to make incenses , oils and baths . Most of what is collected in here in my book is not spells per se but rather simple remedies for problems.The author at the outset of the book cautions the reader not to use black magic . What is black magic ? Black Magic is the use of magic to influence or control somebody else 's will . It is bad and it has bad karmic consequences . Our main purpose for living is to serve the divine and praise the divine . Whatever helps us towards that end should be encourage and what ever takes away from that end should be thrown away.The author recommends a daily regimen of prayer as a way as a way of spiritually purifying yourself . He advises to keep our center and warns that we are under constant spiritual influence from outside forces both overtly and covertly.I give the book an over all four . There are many useful things in this book andd there are no complicated rituals . He has a good knowledge of herbs and how to make incenses and oils . He has reversal spells , protection spells , spoken and written spells and spells using herbs , incenses and oils . This is real good for someone who likes working with herbs .
 This is a must have by any spiritual worker . It covers cleansing by means of water , herbs , incense and fire . Each area is explained as to the purpose and method of how it should be done . Draja also explains what can be done to attract love , money , and spiritual development by means of baths , incense burning among other practices . Even if you are a beginning this a good introductory guide .
 As always , Draja 's work is comprehensive and thorough . In this book Draja does n't so much supply spells as he supplies information about types of spells with some examples . What I found useful about this book is that it serves as a ready made reference guide that a person can draw on if s/he wants to use types of spells . This is a good book to have . It 's not Draja 's best , but its useful for whatever circumstances the magician might need .
 My father got this book as a gift from my grandmother for his birthday . She usually gets religious-type books , so I did n't bother to even pick it up for a long time . One day , dad brought it to me and said `` here son , read this real quick . '' Then I realized that I 'd been ignoring one of the funniest books with some of the catchiest stories and anecdotes I 've ever seen . I recommend this book to anyone , especially as bedside material , or as bathroom reading material . The quips are short enough as not to hinder your daily activities , but are funny enough to justify taking a few extra seconds to read . My opinion , in two words - BUY IT !
 Apalachian humor at its very best . Some of these you 've heard before , but maybe not told quite so well . Genuine country humor . Fun to share . Makes a great gift .
 I found this book extremely helpful it cover just about everything . I strongly recomend it .
 this was very good book with great pic 's of great danes and lots of things to help you to how to take care of your great dane .
 Great reference for first time Great Dane owners and adopters as we are . We have followedmany of the directives and will use this as a guide .
 Great book for the price . A little high in shipping using Media Mail though .
 This book starts out with an introduction to Taryn . Taryn has just lost her grandmother , and is suffering heart break because of the lost . Mean while teenagers are getting snatched by some unknown source , and going out at night for teens is getting riskier . There are people from the world , Neworld , whose job is to protect the teens from earth , Oldworld . Erick is one of those people . One night , when Erick is out trying to stop the kidnappings , he comes across Taryn . Erick is dispatched far away from Taryn , and her rescue seems impossible . When the Zumarian warrior , working for the bad guy , comes to take Taryn he grabs her . Whenever a Zummarian warrior grabs a person of the Oldworld they immediatly freeze , but Tary does n't freeze when grabbed , Taryn fights back . Erick , who witnesses this , knows there is something different with Taryn , and goes to meet her . Erick and Taryn build a relationship over time , but one night Taryn is taken , and Erick decides it is time to attack the bad guy . Taryn is confronted with the bad guy and learns that he is her father . Taryn is presented with a choice that will decide the future for everyone . Taryn is left with the choice to choose love or power , and whichever way she chooses she betrays someone.This book is about choosing . Throughout the book the characters are met with choices . Taryn faces the choice between love and power , while Erick faces the choice between following the rules and following the heart . The choices the characters choose are pretty alike , but one does the right thing while the other does the thing that goes against what is considered right . I thought the book was interesting because it showed how heavily the choices weighed upon each character . It showed how the characters ended up at least trying to do the right thing , but how their choice always seemed to out weigh the other choice . The characters were interesting together because one character knew what was going on while the other was learning . The characters were also interesting because they were different . One of the characters was a warrior , in perfect health , while the other was more of a thinker , who had to fight hearing loss and was battling a disease . Their differences extended deeper than that since one of the characters was born into a good family while the other was born into an evil family.The story itself was pretty good . The author did a very good job in describing the scenes in detail , and the thought processes that the author wrote for the characters were also detailed , and because of that the reader could get more of an insight into who the characters were . This book was a good book that could hold the readers interest easily and had main characters that you could easily like and antagonists that you hated but pitied.Reviewed by a student reviewer for Flamingnet Book Reviewswww.flamingnet.comPreteen , teen , adn young adult book reviews and recommendations
 Sign of the Crescent is a book my grandmother gave me years ago . Admittedly , when I read it back then , it confused me and I could not quite understand what was going on.Fast-forward to the present day.Now that my mind can comprehend the words , I have read the book multiple times and enjoy it thoroughly . The book follows interesting characters in an intriguing plot that mixes new with old , and powerful with the weak . As you progress through the book , you learn more about what happened as rules are broken and secrets unveiled.Readers will be drawn into the story and left with the urge to keep reader - to visualize more of what happens after the final climax.This Fantasy novel takes what could have been a clich&eacute; and turns it into something more . Debbie Federici did well to keep readers interested and make things understandable , despite there being a fairly large cast later in the novel.My only problem with the book was that at times , the pace slowed to a crawl . At those times , it was only the intrigue that kept me going - the need to know what would happen and how things would end.Even with the issue in pacing at times , this is a book I gladly recommend to anyone interested in a good fantasy story that takes a new approach on the already known.Pick it up if you have the chance . You wo n't regret it .
 this book was pretty good . it 's about this girl who gets cought up in whole other world that includes a weak dark sorcerer , her `` heart 's mate '' , and Haro knights . i suggest you read it .
 Mature adult here , did n't even realize when I grabbed this book that it was meant for teens ... I can see how it would be appropriate for teens , but thoroughly enjoyed it ! Easy to glide through -LRB- though I 'm usually a pretty quick reader -RRB- but made for a very enjoyable weekend afternoon ! I do recommend this to anyone who enjoys fantasy stories . A bit more simplistic -LRB- but not overly so -RRB- than many of the fantasy novels out there , but sometimes that 's refreshing when your brain is tired . The primary characters are engaging , and the author makes you care about them quickly ... all in all a fun read .
 This book was truly inspiring . Instead of giving us the same bunch of hogwash about all the things that might help you through menopause , it lists only the things that have been clinically proven with good scientific studies . And the author manages to get this complex -LRB- and important -RRB- information across with lots of warmth and personal presence . You really feel like you 're in her living room talking to her about what really helps get rid of hot flashes or insomnia or a lack of sex drive -- not just what we 've already read about over and over .
 I loved this book because it was so easy to read and right to the point . It did n't beat around the bush with a lot of `` maybe '' and `` perhaps '' quallifiers - it just told you what works for different symptoms of menopause . It did n't recommend everything , just the supplements or other alternate approaches that science says really work . I 've read lots of books on menopause , and this was by far the best .
 This well-written , conversational and sensible book provides helpful advice for the perimenopausal woman . Addressing each of the major areas affected by menopause -LRB- hormonal , cardiovascular , cognitive/emotional , bone health -RRB- , Ms. Taylor provides sound , referenced explanations and explores intervention options with the reader including evaluations of efficacy and safety . This book is the Honest Herbal of non-pharmaceutical menopause therapies . I whole-heartedly recommend it not only to women approaching/undergoing menopause , but to their families as well . Additionally , it is an excellent resource for health care practitioners working in the area of women 's health who would like to offer their patients non-pharmaceutical intervention options .
 As an educational consultant who advises kids about finding and applying to New York City schools , I frequently recommend this top Sci High prep book . Arak , the author and a longtime Princeton Review instructor , writes engagingly , and explains to students exactly what they need to know to improve their scores on this competitive test . As a classroom teacher as well as a graduate of another selective public school -LRB- Hunter -RRB- , Arak knows his material . eglickman@abacusguide.com
 Bill Merritt 's account of his service with the 65th Engineer Battalion , 25th Division , in 1968 , never got the attention it deserved , but it is one of the best memoir-style books to have emerged from the Vietnam War . The writing is rich and layered , the dialogue utterly real , the stories frank and fascinating . Highly recommended for anyone interested in what Vietnam was like for a junior enlisted man , and a must for any serious reader of Vietnam War literature .
 Bill Merritt 's account of his service with the 65th Engineer Battalion , 25th Division , in 1968 , never got the attention it deserved , but it is one of the best memoir-style books to have emerged from the Vietnam War . The writing is rich and layered , the dialogue utterly real , the stories frank and fascinating . Highly recommended for anyone interested in what Vietnam was like for a junior enlisted man , and a must for any serious reader of Vietnam War literature .
 A fine memoir of a Vietnam veteran . My brother met the author and secured a signed copy for me which I immediately devoured . It is highly readable and engrossing . I especially enjoyed the attention to language ; specifically the terms and names . Merritt uses them effectively to put us into his time and environment .
 I was in country two years . Bill Merritts book has refreshed my memories of the Cu Chi and Phu Cuong periods . I was on the bridge with Bill Merritt just minutes before it blew . We played chess , I walked away , it was a full moon , what could happen ? Boom , right behind me it went up . He remembered the names of our Chinese/Vietnamese soldier friend - `` Ha '' - and our housegirl `` Loi '' . I have many pictures of them both . Ha was the best RVN soldier I ever met , and I met quite a few.Bill 's memory of dialogue and events is astounding , very entertaining , but sometimes does n't fit with my own . I believe I am one of the characters in his book . Check out the photo in my profile . I loved the book and have to give Bill his propers , even though the memories of all that subsequently happened are not good . Many of my fellow countrymen/soldiers were hurt that night , killed or injured , and many in the months to follow.I had to argue constantly about getting resupplied with enough ammo and safe explosives to throw into the river . I refused to use the pound blocks of tnt or c4 w/det cord or to have my men use them . The poor GIs who had to light fuses inserted into pound blocks of tnt suffered the most as they did not know if the cigarette/lighter they would use to light the fuse actually lit the fuse as it did not sputter or flash like the ones in the movies . Consequently I saw many soldiers blow their hands & arms ; off or get blown into the barb wire protecting the columns holding up the bridge . There they would hang like a bug in a spider web of razor bladed concertina , screaming their hearts out . It was impossible to pull them out , as we needed boats and wire cutters to get to them . I was finally allowed access to chopper resupplies of hand grenades & ammo when I asked my platoon commander to come to the bridge to argue with the first sargent who refused to resupply us with ammo . He put that first sgt in his place , and I enjoyed seeing `` Top '' eat his words , back down , and leave me the hell alone . He was n't so outspoken when my 1st lt. got through with him . Thanks , Lt. Yamaguchi ! A man willing to call a gook a gook.When the choppers would come in with nets full of ammo , c-rats , sundry boxes , I did not care about anything except getting resupplied with 50 cal ammo , 7.62 belts for my M-60 , and multiple rounds for my grenade launcher , flares , HE and shot gun rounds , and , of course , my favorite , cases of grenades , so many , they would fill the jeep and cover the front hood , and unable to see over the cases of grenades , I would drive back to the bunker hanging out the driver 's side and my buddy holding the grenades and ammo , keeping the cases and belts and boxes of ammo from sliding off the hood of the jeep.I would personally blow 6 cases of grenades . We would have contests to see how far we could throw them before they exploded , or throw them so high they would air burst out over the water and wake soldiers who though on guard duty might be sleeping or sometimes holding 10-12 grenades in my arms with all the pins pulled , I would just let them drop into the drink . Ploop , Ploop , ploop ploop . . , wait 4 seconds , rumble , -LRB- louder , Louder , Louder ! -RRB- and so on nightly , I wo n't even describe what it was like to shoot continually at junk floating downriver toward the bridge-just blast it with whatever you 're holding , 50 cal , M60 , M16 , we even had guns from WW2 era , a burp gun which shot 45 cal and had a giant breech which absorbed all the shock from the recoil , but it was a bear to load and the mags weighed a ton compared to the 16 , but more accurate up close , no climb to the barrel on full auto.If the infantry guards were dozing in the bunkers on the bridge catwalk , I would drop a little surprise in the water just below the bunkers , making the bridge feel like it was being blown up one more time ! The bridge would rock back and forth from the multiple explosions emanating from the deep Saigon river . They would shout and scream some even coming up on the bridge to pound the crap out of me . I had my grenade launcher held like a baseball bat saying `` c'mon if you want ... '' they would back down warning me they would `` tell the captain ! '' . I never heard a word , and continued with my nightly fourth of July celebrations with multiple forms of explosives into the river listening to AFVN radio out of Saigon , sometimes dancing/bebopping on the bridge to various soul songs like the Dells - `` There Is '' , `` Stay in my Corner '' ; the Temps - `` I Wish It Would Rain '' or `` 25 Miles '' , skipping rope , doing push ups to stay awake on guard all night , thinking how I would be in shape for the Golden Gloves in Lowell , Mass when I got back summer of ' 70 , still so long off though I had been in country 4 months when the bridge was hit , and I had 19 to go ; it seemed endless , and the guys most of them coped with alcohol or dope , and it was iteresting to see the cliques emerge-dopers who minded their own business , watching the flares , outgoing artillery missions , 50 cal tracer rounds , and far away jets bombing and strafing , while the boozers were on fire with bottles of rum , vodka , canadian club or johnny walker black mixing it with packaged/presweetened lime KoolAid or coke , sometimes getting frustrated and violent with each other or anyone who looked at them askew . I actually knew one fellow sgt. who pounded on his vehicle with his M-16 that had that huge site profile at the end of the barrel . He just stood there in the road at dusk mad as hell at something pounding on the jeep hood with his rifle seemingly trying to beat a hole in the hood of his jeep , muttering . . `` SofaBitch ! I quit , csuckn ' bastards . . '' apparently one of his own guys had some complaints about him , embarassing him in front of the platoon . He wanted to pound the guy to pulp , but had to eat the embarassment.I was almost courtmartialed after falling asleep on guard . A major inspecting the lines had to wake me up as my head fell on the horn of the steering wheel of my jeep . I had passed out listening to the rain hit the canvas over my head , thanking God I had shelter from the monsoons , but it was so soothing ... It was impossible to sleep during the day due to the construction on the bridge.Where we slept under the bridge was like a thruway with all kinds of civilian , RVN soldiers , GIs roaming through our sleeping area , enginiers repairing the bridge and trying to take over our shrinking space under the bridge . The Vietnames soldiers eating cooked rat with their families was bad enough . They had to go . Plus the choppers and patrol boats would land just over the sandbag walls blowing the area into a fine dust storm . The dust would settle on our sweaty skin creating a scummy film as most of us never wore our uniforms . Then we would try to bathe it away in the river , but the river contained every kind of bacteria in Southeast Asia and we would come down with the worst skin infections one could ever imagine . Things would never heal and we had the Phu Cuong Itch . Some only cleaned up with the `` Whore 's Bath '' in an empty steel pot . Lucky for me and my guys we could eventually go back to Cu Chi to base camp to get a shower.Getting back to sleeping on guard-because we lived in such a high foot traffic area and the noise of the generator next to my cot the size of a truck with no muffler , it was hard to sleep during the day and we were up all night guarding the bridge and other things . During the rainy season I would sit at the highest point of the bridge in the open jeep with the canvas roof . The sound of the monsoon rain reminding me of fall rains in NH sitting in front of apple wood fires , remembering feelings of home . I did not hear a thing until the major shook me awake to the sound of my jeep horn blaring . I had fallen forward with my head leaning on the horn totally unaware of the noise of the horn . He was mad , threated me with courtmartial but gave me another chance , and I stayed at the bridge for 8 months , being left alone to do my job as various infantry companies rotated through.We guarded two bridges , another further down the road and loaded with mines in the road . Any time we went there we had to be sure it had been checked by mine sweepers , guys walking in front of a tank swinging the apparatus which looked like a metal detector with head phones . As the book mentions we did have that run in with the mine . After being up all night guarding the small bridge and fighting off the rats attracted to the c-ration garbage dumped by the potsmokers -LRB- it was good weed -RRB- and others , my partner Regdos wanted to return to the big bridge where they served real eggs . I said `` yeah , after the mine sweepers go by . . '' Finally , I wanted the eggs too and we took off , I was driving the jeep . The dirt roads were covered in oil to keep the dust down but it also made it easier to hide a mine . A coffee can full of c4 plastic explosive would total any vehicle . Alongside this road to Cu Chi on both sides were signs warning of mine fields , dead bodies of civilians who had been traveling on the roads before the sweepers had gone by blown into these fields by the VC . Because of the mines and razor wire the bodies were left where they lay next to scrap Lambretta taxis . On our return to the bridge approximately 6:30 AM I had warned Regdos that we would be flying as I wanted to be going as fast as I could if we hit anything . Out of the morning fog in the middle of this narrow dirt road was a huge tire taking up most of the road . Unable to straddle the tire I hit the brakes and cranked the steering wheel sliding horizontal over the tire without touching it . Did someone up there like me ? I looked down from the drivers side , saw an ammo box in the center of the tire with wires leading off into the village at the side of the road . We had slid exactly far enough to turn the wheels back in the direction we were headed and took off . We told the mine sweepers , when they returned , they said it was not there . I shrugged , maybe just another close call.The small bridge , aka Cau Ba Bep , is another story , and another river tributary , alot like `` Apocalypse Now '' in its physicality , and the attitude when one is on the river and going up canals ... Is it fun or is it battle , probably both . Try going up one of those canals as they get smaller and smaller waiting for the VC to pitch a grenade or RPG fired into us point blank ... Sometimes it 's a turkey shoot on our part , sometimes `` the Bar eats you , '' regards to the Dude.Base Camp commandoes and officers looking to cause a ruckus would come out to inspect our position ; I would debate with them why I had two of everything I was issued , you know , one for inspection and one for fighting . Why did n't they understand ? C'est la vie , c'est la guerre , l'audace , l'audace , toujours l'audace ! Aux Armes ! Ride to the sound of the guns ! Hey , Bill , you left us too soon . Bienvenue au NH , a votre sante ' !
 I was always mystified why my body would refuse to work properly after running 20 miles . At first I thought that I was not made for Marathon running . Then I read ` Keep on Running ' and it all became clear . Without this book , I would have given up Marathon running . But now I know how to manipulate my metabolism correctly in order to be a well conditioned endurance runner , I no longer fear anything over 20 miles .
 Season of Saxophones and Sea Nymphs , by John SalacanMr . Salacan is a very good poet . He is what I would call a poet 's poet because of his versatility and technical mastery . His poetry uplifts and entertains us with images of a spiritual and compassionate philosophy . In a poem with funky edges called , `` Meeting at Erica 's Place '' , we are told about a poetry reading . In the poem Mr. Salacan defines the artist
 A wonderful way to keep track of everyday thoughts and feelings . In notebook format , you can even insert your own special additions . I have found this journal extremely effective in my journal keeping and would recommend it to anyone searching for that `` perfect '' journal .
 This book is for older women who need to `` find themselves '' all over again and use as a tool to journal thier thoughts . As a woman in her 20 's I still found it to be most helpfull in conjunction with my regualar Franklyn and Palm pilot as a way to organize my thoughts and goals through journal writting . It 's a great gift for a woman of any age !
 Thank you for answering my questions and sending the product in a timely manner as it was described to me .
 Ken Tate 's firm designs new houses along classical lines - this one is a French inspired estate built in a small Mississippi town . The photos are nice and include images of the house inside and out as well as the grounds . Numerous photos show small details of the design and workmanship . Simple floor plans as well as elevations of the house and details are included . Credits are provided for craftsmen and companies that did much of the work . I ` ts nice to see that someone still cares about the details and craftsmen are still arround to build something like this even in an out of the way location .
 This book is on my short shelf of most important books of this era , in that Galbraith takes the work of his earlier economic analyses over many books , and gives an all-humanity based outline to consider for the 21st century.Those who dismiss this book as non-economic I fear are stuck within narrow definitions , as opposed to the more human-based origins of the word economics -LRB- from oikonomia , home management -RRB- . It is this narrow definition that is prone to the boom-bust cycles Galbraith discusses in earlier historical works on the history of modern economics , and is part ofthe current recessional problem.This book is a cry for human-based economics , and would be a good book study or resource for businesses , community organizations , or churches around North America .
 I am writing this review on the day after John Kenneth Galbraith passed away at the age of ninety - seven . He was a legendary figure in his lifetime , an economist with a world reputation . His book ` The Affluent Society '' -LRB- 1958 -RRB- made the U.S. and the world think again about the meaning of a society primarily devoted to individual consumer consumption . He was a public servant of great ability and dedication from his days working for the Roosevelt Administration during the Second World in the Office of Price Administration through his service to the Kennedy and Johnson Administrations . He served as U.S. Ambassador to India and was a strong advocate for that country in the U.S. For over thirty years he taught at Harvard and was considered one of its most popular and brilliant teachers . He wrote over thirty books , and was involved in a tremendously wide variety of public activities and affairs.This short book is an updating of ` The Affluent Society ' . In it he tackles major economic and social questions > He speaks of a good society whose obligations are to provide for '' personal liberty , basic wellbeing , racial and ethnic equality , the opportunity for a rewarding life '' . In short chapters of around ten pages he tackles the problems of the deficit , the environment , migration , the proper distribution of wealth , the providing of aid to the world 's poor.Galbraith was a fighter in spirit , a person of great wit and fierce sense of social justice . His platform of a kind of social democracy as the ideal way to meet the modern world 's problem certainly is questioned by many , not the least by predominant economic opinion today.Perhaps his greatest importance was in pointing out performance problems in capitalist societies , and demanding a greater degree of concern for the commonweal.He was one of those rare intellectual figures who could take a relatively dull subject and make it ` interesting ' for the broader public.He worked hard , long and well and his contribution will hopefully not be forgotten .
 John Kenneth Galbraith sees the eternal struggles of economics as a battle between capital and labor and as things currently stand capital is delivering haymakers and body blows to labor . Labor has the numbers but capital has the advantage of ... well , capital . Capital can afford the best representation and that has never been more true than today . Meanwhile Globalization has effectively destroyed labors bargaining power.In ` The Good Society ' Mr. Galbraith attempts to map out an economic plan for creating a good society for all , wealthy and poor . What sets Mr. Galbraith apart from many economists is his belief in a pragmatic rather than dogmatic approach . He even compares the Republican parties 1994 ` Contract with America ' to the ` Communist Manifesto ' for its ideological inflexibility . The problems seem to occur when people start believing that economics falls under the hard sciences when in truth it 's more like tracking the weather where small perturbation can cause dramatic changes . One thing that the author has maintained through the years is that Feds actual effect on inflation and recessions is negligible and more smoke and mirrors meant to give the appearance that something is being done . The other issue is that Globalization has made it increasingly difficult for the Federal Reserve to adjust the levels of our economy.Occasionally the author comes off as a bit naive as when he talks about large scale modernization projects done in the third world saying , `` The steel mills , hydroelectric plants and shiny airports , now sited among ignorant people , became sterile monuments to error - and failure . '' What Mr. Galbraith fails to recognize is that these projects are only failures from the perspective of the recipient countries who borrowed away their futures in order to acquire them . To the IMF and the construction companies involved it was a complete success . The author does recognize that the gift wealthy countries should have offered was the much less glamorous gift of education . In another section Mr. Galbraith says in reference to Imperialism and Colonialism , `` We speak sometimes reflectively , of the end of history ; here , indeed , history has come to an end . '' Writers who use the unfortunate term ` end of history ' have a bad tendency of being proven wrong in the end.John Kenneth Galbraith is one of the few economists of late who addresses the immense danger of wealth inequality . In contrast to Milton Freidman , Mr. Galbraith believes that there are both financial and ethical sides to economics as relates to helping the poor , protecting the environment and supporting workers rights . He also supports transnational organizations and sees Globalization as the inevitable future . In most ways Mr. Galbraith is swimming upstream against the trends in the United States which is exactly why I find his views more important than ever before . The book seemed to lose some steam about half way through and many of his ideas such as the danger of the military industrial complex have been addressed in his other book , still I recommend Mr. Galbraith as a responsible voice for progressive economics .
 I have two reasons for putting a high value of this book , First , I truly appreciate Mr. Galbraith 's style . Its sentence is compact , logic is clear , and expression is eloquent ... in short , his style is incredibly excellent . Second , it 's useful . Reading this compact book , you can understand ` liberal 's good society . ' I believe nobody can misunderstand Mr. Galbraith 's opinion . If you are a ` liberal ' , to read this book must be a pleasure . And , if you belong to ` conservative ' , missing opportunity to know your enemy is not clever .
 Galbraith , the master , sums up his decades of experience and insight in this book . Well written , of course , easy to read . He makes a solid , careful case . The book is a fast read , and is highly recommended .
 Galbraith 's main point has less to do with any specific policy than with his belief that rigid ideologues advocate for flawed and potentially dangerous political and economic systems . He argues that capitalism is by far the most responsive and effective economic system given our nature and needs , but that pure market capitalism comes up short in many significant respects . He does exhibit his own bias in some chapters when he ignores matters of degree in favor of more dramatic claims , but his proposals are not controversial by most standards?we need a safety net , environmental regulation is necessary , etc. . I couldn?t relate to most of the negative reviews/remarks here . Among them
 It is refreshing to read a book by an author who provides answers and not just criticisms . Professor Galbraith truly conforms to Robert Heilbroner 's colorful description of the economists throughout history as The Worldly Philosophers . Without doubt this is the work of one of our modern day Worldly Philosophers.This book was written in 1996 when Mr. Galbraith was a very old man . The title of the book suggests a utopian message . Its subtitle is The Humane Society . But being a Worldly Philosopher and a professional economist , Professor Galbraith 's `` Good Society '' is no dreamy eyed fantasy . It is an outline of not only what should be done but what is practical and achievable in a society - particularly our society here in the USA . Of course this is all predicated on the notion that we live in a society that has a moral conscience . If you believe that you live in a world that is beyond morality or conscience or that the way things are is the way that things should be , then I would predict that this book will not interest you all that much.Richard Edward Noble - The Hobo Philosopher - Author of : `` A Summer with Charlie ''
 The book is well written , an easy read , and makes a clear liberal case of the dozen or so economic goals for society .
 I was teaching a course on the work of the Holy Spirit this year , and thought this might be a good time to pick up Kuyper 's text . I 've wanted to read this over the years , but never took the time . Wow ! What a delightful work that stirs the heart and mind to worship the goodness of God . Kuyper overs a grand all-encompassing vision of the Holy Spirit 's work as bringing the person , the church and all creation into the fullness of glory . Beautiful text , and I would highly recommend ! -LRB- This was a Kindle purchase , and I was a bit disappointed that the TOC was not linked , but the text is so magisterial I still give it five stars -RRB- .
 It 's an old book , but worthy of reading and study . Lots of good stuff . Valid and valuable for its scholarship and insight . If you want to know about the Holy Spirit , here 's one to read . May be kind of deep and intense for the lay reader .
 The authors do an excellent job of bringing together the essential information without overwhelming the reader . The book has many features which help the student bring the information together -- outlines , study tables , and excellent review exercises . I highly recommend this book to any teacher or student teaching or taking a psychology class in tests and measurements .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN :0070451001 Foundations of Psychological Testing -RSB- This is one the most easily written book , explain with clarity all the foundations of psychological testing . I purchase the book for research and help me with my assigments . I did not buy the one that University of Phoenix recomended because of the reviews . However , I believe this one is better and cover the same information .
 A great text on this topic
 Robert Bage 's `` Hermsprong '' is one of the funniest , smartest , most engaging novels of the British eighteenth century . It is one of the few literary works for which the phrase `` unjustly neglected '' is strictly accurate . Bage 's sixth and last novel , `` Hermsprong '' is a romantic comedy - a he & she story ending in marriage and wealth - but it 's much broader and rowdier than , say , something by Jane Austen -LRB- Austen 's heroines rarely draw pistols on the men oppressing them -RRB- . It also has a marked satiric aim , mostly to pillory a corrupt English aristocracy along with the servile church that defended its power and privileges.Charles Hermsprong is the son of an English father and a French mother , born in Philadelphia , and raised among Indians in the western Great Lakes region . When the story begins , he has just returned to England as a young man . Hermsprong is an odd blend of Enlightenment philosophe and American `` savage , '' with abundant physical energy , a generous heart , the gift of gab , and a slashing sense of humor . He is also an outspoken radical on virtually any political , social , and religious topic - an anti-monarchial , anti-ecclesiastical , egalitarian progressive in the manner of Tom Paine or Voltaire . Bage has created in his dashing hero the ideological anti-type to Edmund Burke , the prophet of romantic conservatism , whom Bage took swipes at through six successive novels.Early in the story , Hermsprong meets and falls in love with Caroline Campinet , whose father , unfortunately for them both , is the decadent , licentious , arrogant Lord Grondale , a great comic monster . Hermsprong and Lord Grondale despise each other from their first meeting , and Caroline is caught in the classic romance conflict between obedience to her father and desire for marriage with the man she loves . In his account of the struggles between Hermsprong and Lord Grondale , Bage stages debates on a wide range of contemporary topics in the kind of sparkling , intellectual dialogue we associate with George Bernard Shaw , the modern writer Bage most nearly resembles . Needless to say , the good end happily and the bad end unhappily , which is why , as Oscar Wilde reminds us , they call it fiction . The ending , though gratifying to the romantic in all of us , is virtually conjured with a magician 's wand.Bage is not , to be frank , as great a novelist as Defoe , Fielding , Smollett , Sterne , or Austen . He only started writing in middle age after having spent his first fifty years or so as a businessman in the Midlands , and he remains , finally , a gifted amateur . But he is highly intelligent , broad-minded , temperamentally skeptical , and thoroughly good-natured , and he can be laughing-out-loud funny . `` Hermsprong , '' with its radical ideology , fell out of favor in the reactionary period of the early 1800s and has only lately been reissued by Broadview Press . It would be great if it now found its way to a new , larger audience . It 's great fun to read , intellectually provocative , and offers encouragement in the continuing struggle for humane , liberal values against the reactionary defenders of the status quo .
 Writing about a generation before Jane Austen , Blage , now known primarily for nothing at all , was an extremely popular and well-thought-of 18th-century writer -LRB- he was admiringly written about by Sir Walter Scott -- damning praise there , nowadays , but grow up -RRB- . This is Blage 's masterpiece
 This small book contains wonderfully printed samples of a great photographer 's work . Any selection not done by the artist reflects a certain bias , but this collection has a very neutral one , and the book flows quite nicely . Coleman 's essay at the beginning has been printed numerous times and reflects a cultural bias that glorifies Bravo as a `` Mexican '' photographer rather than as one without the qualifier .
 Toward the conclusion of the book Jacob Licht writes `` I confess that I like clarity of thought and style , the historian 's honest struggle with the factual and ideological difficulties of his material , as well as the storyteller 's sense of balance , avoidance of unnecessary ornament and carefully concealed craftsmanship.These qualities , are to my mind , the secret of the greatness of Old Testament prose . -LRB- pp. 149 -RRB- This book is a clearly written examination of the techniques used by the Biblical storyteller .
 For any man facing prostate cancer , this book should be one of the first read . The possibility of having the pain of prostate surgery replaced by a simple and relatively pain free freezing process is tremendously exciting . The additional benefits of retaining continence and erectile function are also very compelling . Good job Dr. Onik for advancing the cause of medical treatment for men everywhere .
 My six month old loves the songs on this cd and I love them too !
 Fernandes illustrates the diversity in the lives of the 3 families who live under one sun , sharing a yard and row house - different ethnicities , ages , and activities , with birds , fish , and animals enjoying life too .
 We now have one of these area code finders on every desk in our call-center , plus our sales office , our buying office and in the reception area . The ridiculous and time wasting area code frustrations are now gone - simple . And now when I call someone who 's left a message on my voice-mail , I know where I 'm calling and what time zone they 're in . Time saved , hassle avoided , blood pressure reduced , etc. .
 When I saw this book did n't yet have a customer review , I felt compelled to correct the injustice . I purchased this book for my four-year-old niece and it has remained one of her absolute favorites for over a year now . Granted , she is a `` just the facts , ma'am '' sort of kid -- very interested in how things work , especially the human body . With space-age detail , Germs tells the story of Pox , a student at germ academy -LRB- along with roommates Pus , Snot , and Rash -RRB- who is learning how to make people sick . Not happy with his mission , Pox is sent to infect a little girl named Myrtle . When confronted with her white blood cells -LRB- an army of mini versions of Myrtle herself -RRB- , Pox decides to make friends instead and opt for a non-infecting life of leisure inside Myrtle 's body . While instructive about how we get sick , the book also is empowering in teaching about our immune systems . The pastel color palette has a retro feel , and the germs are cartoonishly gross -- perfect for kids who love to say `` Ewww ! '' -- and yet Pox is adorably cuddly and cute . I highly recommend this book for any science-minded children out there .
 We first got this book from our local Library because of the awesome pictures but after reading it knew it had to be one we added to our personal collection ! Any time my 6 year old starts feeling sick , we pull this book out and it comforts him . He learned how his body 's defences fight off the bug that gets inside him . We then discuss how the germ might have gotten into his body , and exactly how it comes out . Now that he can put a visual representation on what is going on , he is a bit more comfortable with being sick . I really LOVE this book !
 I was looking for a book that I could share with my four year old niece , and found this great book about Germs ! My niece absolutely LOVES it ! She giggles every time you say some of the germ names while reading the book . She asked everyone to read it to her over and over and over during my weekend visit . She could n't get enough of it . And it 's educational , which her Mom , the school teacher , loves . I would highly recommend .
 LOVE IT Grandaughter loves it We checked it out first from libraryWe love Chicken Pox hes our hero YEAH
 I am a preschool teacher and our children loved the science and lesson on germs . they make little pom-pom germs every day . The book was a big hit with us .
 This is a fun book . We first read it in the library and my kids loved it , so for Easter I put it in one of their easter baskets !
 My ex-wife had trained me to dislike `` Frank Lloyd Wright '' architecture . She prefers colonial and classic stylings . She thought the flat tediousness of Wright architecture unimaginative and ugly.So , without question I learned to back up her opinions , and to interject my own solo critical assessments anytime the topic came up . I could argue against Wright architecture like a pro , even if I did n't know what I was talking about and did n't truly agree with myself ! I was a LaManchian interlocutor , straining at gnats with gusto and pleasure , not knowing how frequently others must have been thinking `` What 's this guy 's problem ? `` But it was good for my ill-fated marriage.The marriage ended , which created my first point of connection with Mr. Wright . Next was my residence , which for most of my life has been near Ann Arbor , the Mecca for Wrightistic designs if ever there was one . I am surrounded by it , but never knew how much until I read this biography and started to get it.This quick read gives you the basics . The man 's vision for work , design , asthetic harmony and balance is actually quite inspirational . Buildings are to blend in with nature , and should be designed so as to balance and harmonize with human needs and activities . That 's it!I began to notice Wright styles all around me , and to see the need for more of it , in homes and buildings I visited . I am now my own `` anti '' ! I felt some remorse at his relationship with his father , his errant ways vis-a-vis his religion , his failed marriage and weak relationship with his children . But visionaries are often failures in their personal lives . Perhaps this is necessary.I completed reading the book in just a few days of casual reading . Interestingly , about the time I finished it , my ten-year old daughter started to talk about Frank Lloyd Wright to me . I do n't think she saw me reading the book - they must have had some discussion in school about it.How cool it was , that I could converse with her intelligently , and sympathetically , about this new topic that captured her interest . And I am thankful now , that I was no longer the anti-Wright ! A good and informative read . Yes , buy it .
 To have a small phrase book like this one is essential . This book goes over the essential phrases , commands , and responses in order to get by in Norway . The best part is that it gives different responses so one can express exactly how they 're feeling in a given situation . In addition it details phrases dealing with the hotel room , dinner , police , post office officials , shopping , and more . Although the book is primarily meant to be for travelers it can be an excellent tool for someone learning a language . It can also act as a handy book that can be kept in your pocket when you have a spare minute to review . For the price , something like this should n't be passed up on . The pronunciation guide in the phrase book is more than helpful . I also advise that you eventually supplement this book with an audio course book . If you 're planning a trip for Norway or are learning the language this is a solid purchase .
 I bought this book as I am starting to learn Norwegian . I never find phrase books a very useful way to learn a language or even very useful when travelling as I prefer to learn the language properly rather than in fragmented sound bytes.Nevertheless , this book is quite good with a wide range of situations with 1366 entries . It has phrases and expressions as well as indvidual words and entry is numbered making it easier to retreive words and phrases . Its pages are not coloured or glossy like the Berlitz but is small enough for a shirt pocket . There is no CD but it does the job . If I were sitting at a bus stop or in a tram , this would be a good companion . Combine this with a Collins Norwegian-English dictionary on my iPhone , and it is even better .
 This little book is only 5.3 x 3.3 inches and about 0.3 inches thick . It has many useful words and phrases with a good -LRB- but not excellent -RRB- pronunciation guide . Stick it in your shirt pocket on the outside chance you meet a Norwegian who does n't speak English .
 This is a perfect size to fit in a pocket or purse and carry along while traveling in Norway . Often not needed , however , because it seems that everyone in Norway speaks fluent English!Say It in Norwegian -LRB- Dover Language Guides Say It Series -RRB-
 A bit out of date ; soooo funny , because I do n't think I 'll be using words and phrases like `` typewriter '' or `` will you close the porthole '' although it 's charming to see . It 's very helpful however , and I 'm excited to have it !!
 The editors Larry and Deborah Coleman have done agreat job of compiling stories that relate to real life situations . As I began to read the stories I felt as if I was a part of what was being said . I picked up this book with the intent of reading only a few stories and found the book magnetic ! I was drawn to continue reading , I enjoyed not only one story but allof the ones that I read . They made me reflect on situations in my life and allowed me to see myself . This bok is a refreshing collection of stories , that provide something for everyone . I recommend that every that every educator , parent and instructor have this as part of their collection . If this were a pot of soup , I 'd be tipping the pot to be sure to get every drop .
 What an appropriate name for a book of nourishing stories , those from the heart and parables of the spirit . I read Pot Likker in a few hours , savoring the lessons learned , the insights shared , and the fortitude expressed . Many of the stories exemplify the line from a spiritual , `` I Ai n't Gon na Let Nobody Turn Me Around ! '' The contributors all evince a right-mindedness , that sisterly and brotherly love we so desperately need to demonstrate to one another.Hopefully , Larry and Deborah Peaks Coleman , the editors of Pot Likker , will edit more collections , for I am hooked !
 What an appropriate name for a book of nourishing stories , those from the heart and parables of the spirit . I read Pot Likker in a few hours , savoring the lessons learned , the insights shared , and the fortitude expressed . Many of the stories exemplify the line from a spiritual , `` I Ai n't Gon na Let Nobody Turn Me Around ! '' The contributors all evince a right-mindedness , that sisterly and brotherly love we so desperately need to demonstrate to one another.Hopefully , Larry and Deborah Peaks Coleman , the editors of Pot Likker , will edit more collections , for I am hooked !
 Esther Shephard knows how to spin a yarn . These stories sound so conversational that they 're great to read aloud or in one 's head . Young or old , anyone interested in American folklore should pick up a copy of this book . It may not be suited for the youngest of kids -LRB- there is one part where somebody 's brains come out , but then the cook replaces them with batter -RRB- , but it is very enjoyable and overall very tame . Two thumbs up !
 Growing up I heard a lot of folk tales about Paul Bunyan . I was very amused by those stories . This book puts them all together for me . Very enjoyable to read . Lots of fun in these pages .
 Why do I like Doolittle 's work so much ? Perhaps it 's the way he grabs you right from the beginning . We are jolted into the story with this opening
 This is the first Tom Bethany Mystery that I read and I enjoyed it very much . The characters and plots were really interesting . I would love to read more of Tom Bethany .
 Billy Graham has a way of writing to the average intellect , even though the subject matter is difficult to understand . This is a great book to use for a bible study group . It is quite easy to create study questions due to the organized format of the writing . You do n't have to be a theological grad student in order to better understand the working of the Holy Spirit ! Highly recommended book .
 I find this book an inspiration and guide as I seek to better understand God 's will and direction in my life . It shares in biblical context the role of the Holy Spirit and the work in our lives as well as history . I highly recommend reading `` The Holy Spirit '' and using it to direct your reading of the Bible . Kenneth H. Marks
 This is a wonderful book . The writing style is easy to read and , more importantly , easy to understand . Highly recommended .
 `` We as Christians are to prepare the way . We are to be ready for the Spirit to fill and use us . `` The study of the Holy Spirit is very unique . While the Old Testament focuses mainly on the concept of the Father , and the New Testament focuses mainly on the life and teachings of Jesus . The Holy Spirit is mentioned very briefly and though Christians do not deny the divine nature of the Holy Spirit , there are disagreement s concerning the manifestation of the Holy Spirit.Billy Graham is obviously the most well-known evangelist in the world . He is passionate yet mechanical in his faith and words . He always relies on the power of Scripture to communicate . In this book , Graham goes step by step explaining the wondrous presence of the Holy Spirit and how the Spirit dwells in us and moves through us.Graham has never been known to be concise . Though book is just shy of three hundred words , the book reads like a textbook for preachers . Anyone interested in a deep conversation and study into the work of the Holy Spirit would enjoy this book .
 All Billy Graham materials are wonderful . I was very pleased with the quickness of the order completion and shipping . Amazon rocks .
 The book was great . I was exactly what my MOM was wanting.Thank you !
 The service was prompt and easy to check on My book arrived when it was supposed to and it was in good condition
 Another good book by Billy Graham . I recommend you to read it . I agree with most of what Dr Graham is saying about the Holy Spirit but regarding `` speaking in tounges '' I disagree with him . I think it is for every believer and for edification of the induvidual believer . I also think he is to unclear about the need of baptism . I see nothing in the bible to support child baptism and think he should put more effort on making it clear that every believer fist should repent from their sins and receive the Lord Jesus and then be baptised in water.But otherwise it is a very good book .
 It might seem odd that this Seattle boy took a look at this progressive prose written by a great man . While Graham is embraced by society at large , those from subcultures such as myself can learn from his concise and compassionate writings . It was by pure chance I encountered this book , and it was the initial lines that read `` No person can seek sincerely the cleansing and blessing of the Holy Spirit , and remain the same afterward . '' I read on , and indeed , did not remain a stagnant being with resistance to spiritual enlightenment . Through these writings I learned to trust in holy word , and let it lead where my heart desired . Being a vegan and health food nut who has always denounced meat and intoxicants , I was surprised to find that by opening my heart , I soon renounced my judgment on meat eaters , and became attracted to the meditational use of marijuana . I reluctantly smoked , and my spiritual enhancement two-folded within minutes . If it were n't for these inspirational writings of Billy Graham , I would still be eating nothing but legumes and obnoxious with a drab 3-D personality . The one dimensional sensation I have acheived has blossomed my soul . This is a must for Christians and Non-Christians alike . While Billy Graham made no specific mentions of obtaining the results I found , I ca n't help but think the Beat-Generation tone he uses in his prose is an offshoot of the late Dr. Timothy Leary 's style of verbosity flow . This is a beautiful universe , and by opening my mind via reading this book , I have also concluded you should have up to five higher powers , be that they are kind , and that at least two are Aztec or Mayan based .
 I love how Billy Graham writes !! It is so simplistic and so very easy to comprehend . I also love how he gets to the point in the introduction when he says , `` Man has two great spiritual needs . One is for forgiveness . The other is for Goodness . '' Then he does n't stop there . He then informs us that , `` God heard the cry for forgiveness , and answered it at Calvary . God sent his only Son into the world to die for our sins , so that we might be forgiven . '' This is what Billy has taught for years !! That salvation comes through faith in Jesus Christs ' sacrifice 2000 years ago on an old rugged cross !! Oh , but it gets better . He then goes further to point out to you that salvation `` is for everyone who reaches out and accepts God 's gift by receiving Jesus Christ as his Lord and Saviour . '' Space does not allow for a complete and utter review of this amazing CHRISTIAN book . But one thing is for sure
 This wonderful book was a great comfort to me . The things Graham covers in this book make good sense , and he writes with authority . I think that many of us do not grasp the full potential of our Christianity , and the insights this book offers makes you think . Graham 's writing is so gentle and moving .
 As if attending a crusade event in person , the reader will find the always compassionate , passionate , and caring Billy Graham pleading for unbelievers to believe , believers to come to the fullness promised to them as children of God , and for those needing clarity on this important subject to hit THE BOOK and discover through the Holy Spirit what they need . As I read , I kept thinking , `` I miss Dr. Graham . '' Then , I turned on the TV and one of his `` classic '' crusade presentations was on a religious channel . You sometimes forget what a great teacher , preacher , evangelist and pastor he was.GREAT , GREAT book that will bless , challenge , and inspire you to reach higher in your walk with the Lord .
 We Christians are always speaking of The Trinity . I went my whole life so far -- 66 years -- without really understanding the Holy Spirit and what He is all about -- the answer is in Billy Graham 's book The Holy Spirit . It is easy reading and all just fell in place after I read it . I have placed it in a prominent place to remind me to reread it periodically . He 's one of the blessed three-in-one -- better get to know Him !
 I really have enjoyed the book . It 's helping you to tap into the `` Holy Spirit 's '' power . It 's great to know you can continue to grow in your faith , and not have to settle for complacency .
 Wonderful , thoughtfully written explanation of the Holy Spirit and how He can be , wants to be a part of our lives . Just what you would expect from Dr. Graham . I sent one to my Baptist deacon father and he asked for 3 more copies for friends .
 This book opened up the Bible for me and made me look at my own life and behavior from a whole new viewpoint-that of the Holy Spirit . If you have questions about who He is , what His role is in the world and in one 's life , then this is the book you must read . The work is backed up with Scripture and the integrity of Billy Graham 's ministry .
 This book is a good read for anyone who want to know more about God , the Holy Spirit . It explains the TRUTH surronding the Holy Spirit , what he does for us , how to be filled , and the fruits of the Spirit . Very Biblical based .
 this book really helped with the difficult concept of how The Trinity works.Also , it really helps one understand the Holy Spirit in a much more important way . \ \ \
 Realizing how ignorant I was of the Holy Spirit and the role He should and wants to play in my life , after much research , I ordered this book . I am so glad I did ! It greatly increased my understanding of the Holy Spirit , which has been a tremendous blessing to me . It is both easy to read and understand and I would highly recommend it .
 Billy Graham is a holy man who knows about the Holy Spirit in one 's life . This is an excellent book for anyone interested in this part of the Holy Trinity .
 Billy Graham and his adherence should just go back to Rome Pope Benedict is waiting for you . Ecumencialism is your friend.Leo
 Excellent work by Billy Graham . The subject is well documented and has scriptures quoted when a point to be made is needed .
 This is a great book with alot of easy to understand insight ... I 've been studying different books on the Holy Spirit , and this one has such clarity . Definitely see why it is rated to high .
 I recently read Mr Graham 's book on angels . It lead me to what to know more concerning the Holy Spirit . All though we are taught in church about the 3 God heads , Father , Son and Holy Spirit . The Holy Spirit has been more of a mystery for much of my life . Billy Graham had explained clearly about angels and he , in this book , explained some misconceptions about the Person of the Holy Spirit
 This book helped me under the Holy Spirt in my life . It gave me a better understanding of what he is and how he works in my life .
 DR. Graham brings The Holy Spirit alive . It is a easy read in a descriptive and understanding language.The book goes in to detail to explain how the Holy Spirit can be experienced in your life .
 This is a great book , I plan on buying more.The shipping was fast and I enjoy doing business with Amazon.This book , THE HOLY SPIRIT I will have it to read at anytime.What a wonderful book .
 I enjoy completely the writings of Billy Graham . His in depth of understand and explaining of scripture is surpassed by no one of late.I learned much about the Holy Spirit in this book . As church librarian for many years , this was a very popular book , but I never took time to read it . I am so glad that the Spirit lead me to buy this and read it on my Kindle .
 This book is like sitting there and have Reverend Graham tell it to you.This man is bigger than life it 's like being at one of his preaching to the masses and you 're the only one their , like a one on one with Reverend Graham .
 anything by Billy Graham is worth the read . If you want an explanation of the Holy Spirit and its purpose in your life this is the book to read . Never out of date . Can go back and read it again and again and gain something every time .
 Rev. Billy Graham is one of the great evangelists in modern history . He is an exceptional communicator who has always presented rock-solid doctrine . Graham has lived a life of integrity . He has never embarrassed the Christian community and his life has shone like a beacon of light.Graham articulates the importance of a Christian relying on the power of the Holy Spirit is his/her life . People can never reach the pinnacle of the Christian life without a surrender to the Holy Spirit . Graham points out that the way to get the most out of the Christian life is by living a life of humility , holiness , and obedience to God 's Word.Graham has a great balance of doctrinal truths in his writings . He emphasizes God 's grace and the personal responsibility of the believer equally . He is always careful to stress that repentance is essential to salvation . Graham is committed to making sure that new converts are discipled . These are factors that are crucial in this era and some prominent evangelists have been negligent in this regard.This book on the Holy Spirit is typical of the outstanding work of Dr. Graham . His writings are as good as his oratory skills . Every thing this devoted man of God does is of great quality . He is a real credit to the body of Christ . We are going to miss him greatly when God takes him home .
 I mostly got the book in order to request permission to use a story from the book for a book I am writing . Dr. Graham is a supurb writer whose book is informative , educational , and practical on the Person of the Holy Spirit .
 Written by Billy Graham this book does not dissappoint ! Read with an open heart and let the Spirit start working your life . Information about the fruits of the spirit , where to find in the bible and how the Spirit can change your life if you say yes.The spirit is available to all believers who say YES !
 It did n't take me long to realize that I made one of the best decisions of my life by picking up this book . It was as if the Holy Spirit knew I needed to refuel and recharge . I am on the last few pages of this book and during my read I have highlighted the paragraphs that really `` spoke '' to me . And as I flip back through the book I have something highlighted on every page . My favorite parts are the chapters where he explains the 9 fruits of the spirit . -LRB- Galatians 5:22 -23 -RRB- . The `` Gifts of the Spirit '' chapter is another great one . He explains here that we should embrace the gifts God has given us and use those gifts for the glory of Him . If we try to be someone we are not -LRB- i.e. we want to be a teacher but our gift is to be a helper -RRB- we become bitter . The entire book is written in an easy to follow , easy to read way which helps those who can not focus on reading as well as others . I intend to read this book again and honestly I ca n't wait . Very spiritually fulfilling .
 My sister gave this book to me as a gift . It is a wonderful book . Key Point
 In the world today we have so many people claiming to know the Holy Spirit . In this book Billy Graham shows that the Holy Spirit is God and what the true gifts and purpose for us is .
 As a newly saved Christian back in 2007 , it was n't until I read this book that I realized how we grieve the Holy Spirit when we sin , and how He then stops ministering to us . Since then I repent of all sin each morning , ask the Father to forget my sins as far as the east is from the west , and resubmit my entire life to Him . The change in my mind and my heart has been miraculous . Thank you , Billy , for such a wonderful book!Gary LombardoAuthor : My Friend Jesus
 Anything Billy Graham writes is worthy ! However it would have been exciting to read had he ever experiences the baptism of the Holy Spirit and spoke in tongues hisself .
 Great - awesome - enlightening . Indepth discussion of the Hoy Spirit and how He is applicable in our lives and how He is not for the future but for now
 Serious students of Blake would do well to start here . Lucid , informed and methodical , Bloom 's `` Blake 's Apocalypse '' leaves no page unturned amid his exhaustive investigation into the influences , ideas and hopes that comprise Blake 's vast and complicated `` poetic argument . '' Though Bloom 's erudition can sometimes undermine his clarity , the book glows with the confident understanding and purpose he built his name on . Delving into Blake 's main influences -- Milton , the Bible and the ancient Greeks -- Bloom focuses much of his time on Blake 's epics while making the good point that these greater works are often neglected in favor of the more managable and straightforward `` Songs of Innocence and Experience . '' `` Blake 's Apocalypse '' is an endless resource comparable to those other masterpieces of Blake scholarship
 Some facts about Harold Bloom . He taught himself to read English -LRB- his family spoke Yiddish at home -RRB- at the age of 3 or 4 . He has a photographic memory for text , and has more or less the whole canon of English poetry committed to memory.Now granted , these facts do n't guarantee genius by themselves , but Bloom has something extra to add to those other traits -- an imaginative hunger and an enormous love for poetry and what it can do for the individual , sensitive reader.Admittedly , this analysis of Blake owes quite a bit to Northrop Frye 's `` Fearful Symmetry , '' but there are many new insights that make this book worth much more than its price . Whatever one may think about Bloom 's later literary analyses , his early work has , undeniably , the stamp of genius .
 my edition is an older paperback -LRB- small -RRB- that is falling apart ... but it is priceless and certainly worth the effort in getting it.i used to favor the precise meandering of bloom 's friend , derrida ... but bloom has staying power and this book really set the stage .
 This is more than the story of this doctor 's discovery of breast cancer . The book is a fascinating study of how all the men and women at the South Pole not only survive , but how they form a special society and how being at the Pole changes most of them forever.An easy and fascinating read .
 Two great men of two centuries ; resemblances in their life and death is the theme of this book by Martin Green . Green has done an excellent and painstaking research juxtaposing these two men who advocated for love , peace and brotherhood than anyone else in these two centuries.Though Gandhi had traits of piousness and adherence to truth in him from an early age , his unshakable belief in non-violence , selfless service and simple living had not became his sole doctrines until he came across Tolstoy 's teachings through his books , most notably ` Kingdom of God is within you ' much later when he was in jail in South Africa . Though Tolstoy died within couple of years since Gandhi had made his first contact with him at the age of forty , it was Tolstoy more than anyone else from whom Gandhi had continued to draw inspiration throughout his life.Even while considering Tolstoy as his role model , Gandhi could never completely agree with Tolstoy on many of his views , most importantly his views on religion . The Tolstoy whom Gandhi knew had renounced religion , its superstitions , science and politics whereas for Gandhi religion and its teachings were as essential as the air he breathed . Tolstoy was against any kind of organization when Gandhi was part and parcel of Indian national congress and freedom movements . While Tolstoy was against class structure of any sort Gandhi supported the caste system in India.For Tolstoy , the nationalism and patriotism were two meaningless words used by politicians , which he considered as ideology of slavery , imposed by the institutions to justify their own existence . Gandhi never considered himself a patriot or nationalist in the sense Tolstoy defined them . Gandhi had a political problem to solve and hence had been an ardent activist unlike Tolstoy who had been advocating his principles passively and often bogged down in his domestic issues . Tolstoy forecasted that Gandhi 's Hindu indoctrination to the Indian politics was going to cause great deal of troubles which Gandhi 's colleagues realized decades later . ` Gandhi 's Hindu nationalism spoiled everything ' remarked Tolstoy for Gandhi 's excessive application of Hindu school of thoughts to Indian politics for achieving his political goals.Gandhi 's growing repulsion for industrialization had a parallel to Tolstoy 's denunciation to art and intellect . If the lack of truth , and the existence of Eros when stripped of religion from the art was what concerned Tolstoy , the machines and its mass production refusing humans its physical labor was what Gandhi despised in industrialization . According to Gandhi , western civilization , deprived of its efficacy for spiritual harmony but conducive of material advancement becomes a body of corrupted , immoral and incorrigible institute.Gandhi 's insistence on bread labor has the backing of Tolstoy 's teachings which Gandhi imposed on the inmates of his Phoenix and Tolstoy farms in South Africa . When Gandhi tried to sell the same principle -LRB- in the form of spinning and weaving -RRB- to Indian national congress leaders , many objected and more repudiated . Both Nehru and his father vehemently opposed this just as Romain Rolland opposed it when he was advised to do the same by Tolstoy when the former approached him for an ` intellectual breakthrough ' in his life . Both Rolland and Nehru considered themselves as belonging to prerogative class which Tolstoy despised . Here we see two distinct classes ; one consists of Nehru and Rolland , the intellectuals and the other consists of Gandhi and Tolstoy , the reformers.In his book , Martin highlighted Gandhi 's not so well known episode of his life ; his ` relationship ' with Saraladevi Chaudhurani , grand-niece of Rabindranath Tagore , whom he considered as his ` spiritual wife ' , a story that is published in his grandson 's memoir of Gandhi - ` Mohandas - A true story of a Man his People and an Empire ' . Apart from Martin , other historians including Judith Brown in her book ` Gandhi - a prisoner of hope ' and Stanley Wolpert in ` Gandhi 's Passion ' has attempted to analyze Gandhi 's ` relations ' with his women disciples . These studies are of great significance especially when one consider Gandhi 's claim of him as a devoted -LRB- in thought and deed -RRB- ` Brahamachari ' . As Martin correctly pointed out ` Gandhi 's acquaintance with Sarladevi and his acquisition of the national leadership was more than just accidental ' . It is safe to assume that Gandhi drew immense energy from his spiritual relationships with his women disciples to sustain his political goals . Then there was Madeline Slade , the aristocratic lady who came to India to work for Gandhi 's cause , too had spiritual , platonic relationship with Gandhi that is evident from numerous communications they had between them . In comparison , earlier life of Tolstoy was rife with nefarious relations with multitude of ladies including local serfs and servants of his house who even bore his children . Tolstoy 's erotic relations with ladies served him with themes and inspirations for the creation of such classics as ` Anna Karenna ' and ` War and Peace ' . This book does not give you the details of political upheavals of Russia during the second half of 19th century which among many other events had had a great influence on Tolstoy resulting in his eventual transformation that we started seeing in him in his 50s ; from one who wrote such classics as ` Anna Karenna ' and ` War and Peace ' to one who wrote ` Death of Ivan IIyich ' and from an aristocratic intellect to a divine philosopher.Though an understanding of Gandhi is not required to know Tolstoy , knowing Tolstoy could be the first step in understanding Gandhi 's Byzantine yet simple psyche , whose principles were basically Tolstoyean though tailored to the Indian cause . Probably we could not see a better known man than Gandhi who with relevant teachings from scriptures and lives of great people combined voice of his conscience to formulate such powerful social/moral techniques to help the humanity achieve an understanding and harmony.This is a definitely good book for anyone looking for a comparative study of these two men but not a good one for an in-depth study of them .
 Waite 's book illustrates a series of `` problems '' with Nietzsche and Nietzschean-ism
 Waite sets us up for a full explication/penetration of the most destructive Nietzsche virus yet imagined . It should be asked , however , whether he is truly trying to destroy/discredit Nietzsche/anism or create/make stronger the very virus he discovers/invents . This question may not be asked , that of the author 's intention , as it pertains to Nietzsche or to Waite . Waite makes writing/reading into a psychotic activity . More frightening is that even my own attempt to discredit Waite 's reading only makes stronger , or increases the power of it .
 This book is hands down the most intelligent left-wing book on Nietzsche in existence ! Waite correctly dismisses the playful postmodern Nietzsche of dance and mask worshipped by soi-disant intellectuals and thus gets far closer to the heart of Nietzsche 's purpose than they ever do . Waite is unafraid to ask the question who should rule . Also , unlike virtually all ` leftish ' Nietzschean commentators Waite is very familiar with the esoteric nature of Nietzsche 's writings . He has married the politico-philosophical esoteric readings of Leo Strauss with the revolutionary ideals of Marxism and has given us the only left reading of Nietzsche that is worth reading twice . It now seems , ten long years after the publication of this book , that this marriage between Marxism and esotericism is going to produce no heirs . Which is a pity ; I would very much like to have seen a comparison of the dialectical method and the esoteric method that is not simply a hatchet job . By that I mean I would very much like to have seen a study that compares esoteric and dialectical thought written by someone who is adept - and recognized as such by all practitioners - in both these extraordinary philosophical methods . ... But it now seems likely that this will never be . Why?I would begin to answer that question by noting how remarkable it is that the none of the earlier reviews of this extraordinary book even mentioned Leo Strauss . But , as anyone who has read this book knows , the Straussian understanding of philosophical texts is crucial to Waite 's argument . So why this silence among reviewers ? One of the problems , if not the main problem , is that in a propaganda war one is at pains to either downplay or ignore the acute contributions to thought of ones enemies . The danger , intelligently alluded to in an earlier review , is that rather than making ` Nietzscheanism ' weaker , all Waite has done , by making Nietzsche seem so intelligent and interesting , is make him stronger . In a similar manner and for similar reasons , much of the left would rather ignore Strauss , or excoriate him , rather than present him in an intelligent manner.Now , these are tactical issues that I do not pretend to be competent to judge , but I will point out that all tactical concerns are temporary and local . If the Marxist-esotericism that Waite here pioneers is a genuine contribution to thought -LRB- i.e. , if both the esoteric reading of texts &agrave; la Leo Strauss and Marxist dialectic are indeed genuine contributions -RRB- then it would be sheer madness to ignore either Waite or Strauss . It was Merleau-Ponty , I believe , who once observed quite correctly , in the heat of a similar ideological confrontation , that ` we must not leave our enemies any good ideas ' . If Merleau-Ponty is correct in this , that it is always a long-term strategic mistake , for what is at bottom momentary tactical considerations , to ignore genuinely intelligent contributions of enemies then Waite 's contribution has been foolishly ignored by the left . But if you believe that long-term strategy is trumped by tactical concerns than Waite 's book , regardless of the accuracy of his esoteric reading of Nietzsche , must be ignored.For myself , a mere observer of this conflict , I continue to hope for a confrontation and/or dialogue between the two greatest ` schools ' of political philosophy - the dialectical and the esoteric - that is rigorous , critical and informed . ... But who ever really gets what they want ?
 I used to think that Nietzsche was a dangerous thinker . Geoff Waite , by cutting straight to the core of Nietzsche 's intentions -LRB- with no ` messing around ' involved -RRB- , blows the whole thing apart with a nuclear bomb.There really is nothing more to say ... this book is terrible -LRB- in an awesome way -RRB- . I have n't seen or looked at the world in the same way ever sinse I read it.I 'd love to see what would happen in the world if this book was more widely appreciated.However , there is one thing that I do know
 Where is Nietzsche today ? He is hiding in your brain and in the cyberspace jungle , issuing commands to his faithful corps via his corpse become corpus become everyday life.Waite 's thesis is that Nietzsche 's esoteric and indeed exoteric agenda is the extermination of the weak and the enslavement of the masses with the object of giving the elite male genius the time and the wealth to pursue his masturbational projects of self-creation and self-glorification . Decent people , communist or not , should -LRB- should you say ? -RRB- have nothing to do with this murderous project . Leftists should find someone else to quote.The most closely held premise of Nietzsche was -LRB- is -RRB- that some people are better than others and that society should be ordered accordingly . Now I do n't see how anything , including superior power , could make someone objectively , metaphysically better than anyone else . But Nietzsche would unflinchingly reject the terms of my characterization . Or possibly just chase us angrily with his umbrella.Unless you happen to be one of Nietzsche 's Supermen -LRB- and you had really be sure that you actually are a Superman and not someone who has been unwittingly duped in to thinking that he is the Higher Man -RRB- then you ally yourself with Nietzsche at your own peril.Now all of this may be hyperbole , but given what is at stake , hyperbole may be in order .
 Waite brings to Nietzsche 's band of followers a challenge and offense sure to leave eyes , ears , and noses stinging . If there is anyone to blam for the socalled ` death of communism ' Waite would have us believe it was Nietzsche . This genius of esoterical manipulation breeds a corps of devoted followers who dominate the intelligentia , academia , and especially popular culture - so much so that Nietzsche 's corpse has lefts its trace everywhere . And wherever you find traces of his corpse , you find a political agenda of radical conservatism equipped with slaves , racial breeding , and not a little weeding out of the undesirables ; all endorsed , unwittingly and via subliminal , subrational , and subcutaneous esoterrorism by a brood of Nietzschoid liberals and Nietzschean conservatives . This book is a decelebration of Nietzsche 's 100 anniversary of his buried corpse - a war of sorts to bury the corpus that has captured the corps of scholars and intelligencia who march merrily into his hard , all too hard vision of the future of the human race.A Marxist 's wet dream , and Nietzschean 's worst nightmare
 Good book , good price . Only problems in the time of release , the book is in good presentation and conditions . I recomended .
 I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in Dante . I really liked this translation , and the explanations of passages and people at the end of the cantos are extremely helpful .
 My Sister and I when we were little used to love to sing along with Books and Tapes in the Wee Sing Series , especially this one , because we have always loved to laugh . The Wee Sing books and tapes will take children into a world of fun , they can learn wonderful things from these tapes . However , it never has to seem like learning . That 's part of the magic . For on these recorded tours , your childrens tourguides are singers and actors . If you have children be sure to buy this tape you 'll laugh your head off with them . My sister and I eventually outgrew these tapes , but I kept them , even copied them onto blank audiotapes so I could give them as gifts to people who have children . Now if only Pam Beall and Susan Nipp could make a sequel to this one and call it Wee Sing More Silly Songs .
 Wow . Have I got a lot of work to do in a little time . As a 25 year old professional single male in New York City , I am shocked to find out how many things I need to work on ... I 've already changed my pick up lines ... and my `` bedside MANners ... ''
 Wise , witty , FUN ! This book is a quick read , giving insights on issues I have been oblivious to for years . Provocative and challenging , I made mental - and written , -LRB- in the space provided -RRB- - notes of things to re-consider . How coUld I get to be this old , and NOT have a clue to much of this helpful advice . The sometimes sly tone / double endendres of the author add to the enjoyment . This could be the start of somethng BIG ! Note to author
 I loved this book ! I am showing it to all of my `` male '' friends . They could all use at least one , two or more of the many practical tips the author gives in this hilarious `` how to '' book ! I am also passing it along to my girlfrieds with the hope that they will show it to the men they date ! This book is written with honesty and lots of funny real life stories ! There 's nothing prudish about this book . It only has great , useful suggestions that many men need to consider ! Wonder if the author will write a book like this for women ?
 really , really , REALLY hate the difficult to read font that was used . Also looks like it was photocopied not printed and it a large bulky book to read .
 A well researched book , with loads of background about daily life of both the peasants and the nobility , this book was a fascinating read from beginning to end . The story line draws you in and makes you believe it could have happened this way , and brings an ancient time to life . I loved it !
 I would recommend this book to every citizen of this planet . I have read millions of books and this by far is my favorite !! The most amazing !!!
 A very interesting book about the life of Egypt under the rule of last Pharaoh of 19th dynasty . This is a novel about how a civil war almost broke out in Egypt but was stopped by a priest even though the cost was high.The book is filled with original Egyptian texts , which I found philosophical .
 The folks at McGraw-Hill finally got it right !!!! After using the Princeton Review book before my PSAT , and then the Rocket Review and Up Your Score , I felt like I was being duped . I wanted to really learn how to improve my SAT scores , and I was willing to put some work into it . I thought a test-prep book would have lots of practice and detailed answers to explain your mistakes to help you improve . But these books kept insulting the ETS gratuitously , and tooting their own `` secret methods '' that I started to suspect that the emperor had no clothes . They would explain a trick , and give an example , but then there was almost no practice , and their `` tricks '' hardly worked at all on the real SAT . `` Joe Bloggs '' is truly a joke that helps perhaps only the most naive student in the world . Reading these books , I felt like I was being patronized by a bunch of smart alecs . The SAT is n't a joke , folks
 Fascinating , compelling , easy toread . I love it . I should have read it years ago.I am an old man but I enjoy the classics more than ever .
 Everyone should own a copy of this.What an amazing read . Now I am considering buying the actual , physical book . An honor I reserve for a select few .
 His poems are deep and require the reader to ponder what the poet is saying . It surprised me how different his poems sound to me now than they did 40 years ago , but I will study them again . I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in poetry that requires the reader to search for the meaning .
 The words are great - mighty , joy , etc.50-55 percent is my favorite segment , but the poems about Abe Lincoln are timely .
 Just like I like it . Free books are the best invention on the Kindle app since the Gutenberg press . stop
 This book can be a labor , sometimes repetitive , but by the end you have been washed with the unique life of an unapologetic man . To read a book that was written over such a large spread of time is an experience that is both rare and cathartic . If non-rhyming free verse poetry does n't bother you then I recommend reading this book .
 I 'm an English major , so I might be biased . I 'd recommend his poetry to anyone . It is fantastic and really comes in contact with the vast spectrum of emotions we humans suffer from .
 Got exactly what I ordered . No surprises . Not really sure it it 's the original 1855 edition but I presume it is .
 I was familiar with the well-known poems and wanted to own `` Leaves of Grass . '' I 'm not going to review the poetry , but describe , hopefully to help others figure out what took me some research , its various editions.In 1855 Whitman self-published `` Leaves of Grass '' as a 12-poem book . Up to 1892 , he added poems and revised the original twelve poems -- books also published under the same title , `` Leaves of Grass . '' In 1892 , Whitman published -LRB- by then , recognized , not self-published -RRB- its final version , the edition he wanted to be thought the definitive `` Leaves of Grass . '' This is the commonly called `` Deathbed Edition . '' It contains over 300 poems . It does contain the original twelve , though not in their original or other previously-published forms . By then , they 'd been many-times revised over the years , and released within other publications between the first and the last . In essence , `` Leaves of Grass '' was a nearly 40-year evolving work , under the same title , each edition containing the prior editions ' poems further revised , plus additional poems.I wanted to read the original poems . I also wanted to see their final versions , and was curious to see their evolution . I noticed that some books include so many evolutions of the poems/book , they fill at least two volumes . I wanted to own `` Leaves of Grass '' but I did n't need to become a scholar of it ; I wanted to read the book . However , I did n't want only the Deathbed Edition -- I was both curious about the original and wanted to see more than 12 poems.I decided to buy an edition of the book that contains the entire Deathbed Edition , plus a few of the poems in their original form , and some commentary . I believe , after researching , I found the best I could . That would be my recommendation
 Having read only tid bits , here and there , from Leaves of Grass , I found that it was full of truly unique American poetry . Whitman definitely achieved his goal of becoming a truly innovative poet . The fact that he rarely uses any type of meter , rhyme scheme , or exaggerated rhetorical devices almost says that he has mastered the basic fundamentals of poetry and surpassed his peers . He is so far above the simple and frequently used methods that he must create his own fresh and new style of writing . I found Leaves of Grass to be a lot to grapple with as a high school student , especially his philosophy pertaining to Deism , and yet , it was most intriguing and made me want to simply delve deeper into it . I look forward to completing Leaves of Grass and recommend it to anyone looking for truly original forms of American poetry .
 I carry a copy of Walt Whitman 's Leaves of Grass with me where ever I go . I think that it is America 's great religious book ; it contains just about everything one would need to know to live a good life.Whitman published many different editions of this book . The one I carry is the 1892 `` death-bed '' eddition , which contains virtually all the poetry he ever published . However I also own the `` first '' edition , published in 1855 . In this version the poems are published without titles , so that each poem stands on its own , without any images guiding the reader before hand . I recommend either edition - or both !
 He loved everything he saw about life and he truly loved his fellow man and woman - and most importantly , he was fully able to espress his feelings . I love this book .
 I feel this book has the passion of life exploding in every word uttered by the poet . His unique style of transcending his thoughts to the readers liturally over powers my soul with sheer joy and love
 After reading a portion of Walt Whitman 's `` Leaves of Grass '' , particularly the preface and `` Song of Myself '' , I found it to be inspiring and uplifting . Whitman is the most enthuiastic American poet I have ever read and his passion for life and nature is amazing . He did not ever want to miss a second of life or the smallest detail of nature . He shares his limitless love for all Americans , including , of course , himself . I particularly enjoy his frequent usage of listing without commas , which I find livens his excitement for life even more . Whitman , although he may come off as a bit over eager to some , truly makes you realize how blessed you are and how lucky you are to live in this beautiful place , and he reminds us all that we should not take any of these blessings for granted . Something I find I need to be reminded of more than I should . I recommend this book to all .
 Leaves of Grass is in the public domain , but I could n't find a free copy of the 1855 first edition in eBook format anywhere . Here it is at a modest price.If you 're looking for a definitive Walt Whitman collection , look elsewhere . If you 're looking for the vanguard of the first edition , this is your mark .
 I would heartily encourage you to spend some timewith this book . Whitman is a joy to read and hislove affair with language is extremely contagious.As a poet , Whitman expanded the allowable boundsof poetic expression and as such was one of the truefounders of free verse as a mode of expression.He is one of the best voices in America 's youngcutural foundation . This is a book which youngpoets should spend a summer with
 After reading this book in college I developed an unquenchable thurst for reading . Walt Whitman opened my eyes and my mind to the posibilities of what could be put onto paper . I had never really liked reading until I opened this book and have not stopped reading since . Walt was a true American . It is incredible that Walt Whitman can make accurate references in his poems to just about every facit of American life . It does n't take very many pages before you feel as if Walt has been in your shoes , seen things through your eyes , thought the things you have thought and felt the feelings you have felt . I was amazed that he knew technical terms and proper methods for everything from building houses to sail a boat . He really does seem like he has been everywhere and done everything and that made it very easy to open up and accept his ideas for internal discussion.A must read .
 How come everyone constantly praises Shakespeare , Keats , Whitman , etc. ? No one ever mentions any Eastern poets , i.e. Basho . I get more from 3 of his lines than pages of other poet 's works . Do n't get me wrong - I take nothing away from Whitman & this is excellent poetry .
 Well , buy this book and see why I gave a copy of it to Monica . Huh , huh ! . Well , she stabbed me in the back in the end , but we 'll always have Whitman ... Love , Bubba
 Mr Boston everyone has their own opinions but to call this work boring is saying that you have no idea about what you are reading . No author has ever come close to understanding what it means to be a living organism in this universe then Whitman . He truly felt he was one with all if more people thought like him maybe we could get rid of things that I fail to understand like racism and war .
 This stuff is out of the stratosphere , and I do n't think that is too strong a statement . What a people-lover the man was ! What passion ! I plan to give my first-born son the middle name of Walt in his honor . And who cares if Bill gave a volume of Leaves of Grass to Monica ? Share the joy baby .
 not only the greatest selling poet who has been dead for more than fifty years , not only the poet whose translations are regularly read abroad , not only the poet whose name has in-spired countless others , not only the poet who freed us from the manacles of rhyme and decapitated the tyranny of meter but also a man of enthusiasm , a titan , a man whose soul floods with belch , fume and quake , a man who confronts the ravenous centaurs of humdrum and blugeons them swiftly in a spasmo of frenzy-fire , a wanderer , a searcher , one whose mind travels vig-orously throughout the cosmimosa and embellishes it with jac-inths of thought and blooms of popy ! not only a man of gargan-tuan passions , one who rages in the face of metallic storm but also a man whose depressions , fogs , glooms and sensitivity to flowers , softness and the defenseless bloom in stark heart-throb . no doubt he is a poet well worth a place beside such other titano-giants such as goethe , milton and homer , for he too sings the song of war , his book is a chanson of bellum for he sings of the battle of the passions , the climaximum of the emo-ceans , he challenges the raw specters of gash , their eyes oozing of slime-drab and rather than succumb to the oxen of indiffer-ence he instead triumphs over the gray and his book thus re-sounds in shinning claria ! his is an adventure of thought sur-real in its gusto , jumping in its excitica and wild in its leap of ideas ! thank celestium that he liberated us poets from the ab-surd manacles of rhyme and meter and we can now surge through horiza with countless new devices , metaphors and similies awaiting in our platoons ! he is the cougar of innova-tion , the lion of spasmo and the giant of vision.kyle foley , author of Lorelei Pursued and Wrestles with God
 You might want to read Richard Bucke 's Cosmic Consciousness to more fully grasp the spiritual significance of Leaves of Grass . Bucke was a friend and contemporary of Whitman who placed him in the same league as the Christ , the Buddha , and other spiritual giants . Unfortunately , we seem more interested in Whitman 's purported homosexuality than in the profundity of his life and work . Every line in Leaves of Grass has a deeper , spiritual meaning , and the careful reader can discover a New World waiting within its pages .
 Poetry is very interesting from the historical perspective . Poetry i beautiful and fascinating . Quality of book is perfect . Arrived very quickly with regular mail . Great deal !
 Some would be upset that I only gave this 4 stars but for me that is pretty high . I mean its not really for everyone and it is n't the smoothest read . Yes , parts of it are spectacular and make for great quotes . The copy I read had 2 versions of his poems . Not sure if that made a difference .
 everything was WONDERFUL . I did , however , receive it a day late , which was problematic for my class . BUT nonetheless , I was very happy .
 I love this book . Walt Whitman is one of my favorites . this will be perfect for mt collection .
 Walt Whitman 's poetry , read in the context of the political and economic climate of the US today , gives us a perspective we seem to be unable to see . The purity of his writings on America might bridge the schisms we face as a country . Beautiful and powerful.Sarah Pestana-New Jersey
 No doubt influenced by the free verse of ancient Greek poetry , Walt Whitman wrote about 19th c. America in the same way that the ancient Greek and Roman poets wrote about their own time and world . Much praised and criticized when it was first published , `` Leaves of Grass '' remains a wonderfully innovative , original , observant , wise , sensually unashamed , and heroic portrait of American identity , and a eulogy in praise of American people , places , ideas and things.David Rehakauthor of `` Poems From My Bleeding Heart ''
 No other poet has described his country all the more so vibrantly optimistic as this great man.His unique descriptions in all it 's naked simplicity give life to all the subjects it touches more than most of the flowery & metaphor addled verses one could find.It 's so remarkable to the point that at times it 's like watching the silver screen on these printed words.His innovations in the world of poetry extending to universal factors celebrating the human heart & mind together with nature 's undeniable course while accepting & loving it nonetheless may be a bit awkward & trying to the cynically modern mind , but eventually seeps into the reader heading towards its comforting acceptance.Although some of the poems here may not hold up to the best , one of the remarkable things about this book is that even when I was tempted to bring it down many times , i couldnt.Whitman is the last person of his nationality to ever talk about his country without any negativity & blemish ; he is the last American to hold up to his nation 's true ideal .
 While for those more into Whitman 's work would probably want to invest in the Library of America 's edition , this one is a good start for those who are just starting to read Whitman . So many people proclaim Whitman as the essential American Poet because of his lines showing the beauty of Democracy . Personally , I could have cared less whether he loved Democracy or not . He wrote about life . He wrote about the mundane world , and made it look so beautiful . He admired the human form , and praised the wonderful design of the body . His comments on life in America during the middle of the 19th century really carry a romantic outlook . He was passionate about himself , life , and the world around him . The fact that he inspired many poets around the world in the 20th century gives testimony to him being a poet with worldwide appeal . He was not just a voice for America ; he was a voice for lovers of life .
 I needed a copy of `` Leaves of Grass '' that includes the 1855 prose preface . The formatting of this Kindle book is perfect . I know I could read it on my computer for free on some websites , but I wanted a version for my Kindle . This Kindle edition will not disappoint you ! I gladly paid $ 1 for a more `` portable '' option . I prefer reading on Kindle than the computer screen .
 This is a good app that works well with the system and we have had no problems with this app so far .
 it was recommended in a course i took . i bought it and liked it . it shipped on time and was priced right .
 Love it ... Love it ! I have been trying to find the book , but I guess an electronic copy works better since I will forever own it on my kindle !
 This thick soft-backed `` pocket '' book has 490 pages . It could be called The Complete Whitman . It contains hundreds of poems.I am a senior citizen who had not read any Whitman for more than 50 years and am enjoying it very much . His descriptions of the 19th century 's people , places , and inventions are eye-openers . He was actually a feminist before there was such a concept , and also an abolitionist . He truly believed in equality and democracy . He was a nature lover and wanted to protect the environment.Of course , there are parts I could quibble about , but that would be foolish . Whitman was a man ahead of his time .
 While I agree with most of the reviews written here , I must take issue with them somewhat . First , I also believe that Walt Whitman is one of the finest poets that ever lived and certainly the finest when it comes to being a proud American . Although , he comes from a time in America that was like that of Socrates and Plato in the past , a time when the most important thing in life was not work , or success or career , but the exploration of one 's inner thoughts . Were we living in a time when such a thing was permitable rather than the constant search for the almighty dollar , we might see more such poets . But he and his era are long gone . The art of the word is certainly Walt 's . I ask you to also purchase a dictionary when you purchase this or any of his volumes , not because it is difficult to read , but because Whitman does n't always use a word for it 's main meaning , often burying a meaning of a word or line in the third or fourth meaning , completely changing the meaning of the poem . It is such fun and exactly what I believe Walt Whitman is meant to be , a journey and a trip to the celebration of life . A celebration that also includes a look at the worst that is us and the best that is us . When the reviewer wrote that his work is a study of a narcissist , I have to disagree . Yes , it begins his work with Song of Myself and it is an epic poem . But while he celebrates Walt , he is truly celebrating all of us as amazing creatures in nature . He celebrates every molecule of us , the amazing capabilities , perfumes and evilness of us . He studies us as though someone would study the amazing ability of a tree to grow or a flower to bloom . We are nature and he recognizes that and it is amazing to him . Clearly , he had bravado and self-love , but in the most non-imposing way . We wishes all of us to realize the miracle that is us . To believe that he is only about himself is to miss the point of Walt . Also , it is important to read the various editions of this volume . He wrote and rewrote Leaves of Grass continuously throughout his life adding and deleting poems as he saw them . The best way to see his journey is to read the first edition -LRB- complete with his swaggering picture -RRB- , where he was not listed as the author to the final `` deathbed edition '' that is truly a masterpiece and you can see what he learns , what he tries to teach you and how deeply you will be moved by him . One last hint - read `` Song of Myself '' outloud . It becomes truly a song about life and read outloud can certainly stir your soul .
 What more can be said about Walt Whitman 's `` Leaves of Grass '' ? This 19th century work is more than just a poetic masterpiece ; it is a pivotal landmark in the history of world literature . Read `` Leaves '' and you will understand why Whitman is hailed as a poetic ancestor by poets , both male and female , of many different ethnic and national backgrounds . His is truly a universal voice.Whitman published the first edition of `` Leaves '' in 1855 , and continued to revise and expand the book until it had grown into the monumental final version . While the `` deathbed '' edition is an essential text , I 'd like to put in a plug for the much smaller 1855 edition , which has been reprinted with an introduction by Malcolm Cowley . The `` deathbed '' edition may be too large and intimidating a literary tapestry for Whitman `` virgins '' ; the reprinted 1855 edition may thus be a good way to begin exploring the bounteous poetic talent and vision of this giant.The Cowley-introduced edition also includes Whitman 's original prose introduction , which is itself a remarkable piece of literature . While the 1855 `` Leaves '' is missing vast sections of the deathbed version , it is still a stunning work of art that succeeds as a self-sufficient piece of literature and philosophy . In this `` embryonic '' version of the soon-to-evolve masterpiece , we already discover Whitman 's pungent eroticism , his embrace of paradox , and his playful theological exploration . His language is sensuous , outrageous , tender , and amazing , and is full of compassion for all living beings.Whitman is more than just a great poet ; his work is a sort of prophecy for both the secular and multifaith worlds . So read `` Leaves '' in either the embryonic version or the ultimate version , and embark on an unforgettable poetic journey .
 Leave it to high school English teachers , those frequent crushers of dreaming souls , to find a way to put young minds off this steamroller of a poetry collection . No rhymes to bore anyone , no meter , simply a transfer of pure mental energy . It took me a while to get into Whitman because I knew him thru a lot of boring teachers who tried to squeeze the very life out of these works and inject them with artificial , completely sanitized `` meaning '' . This is poetry at its most raw . It does for the written word what Stravinsky did with music . It does n't need dressing up and it utterly rejects the falsity of good manners . As Whitman joyfully tells us of himself
 What a lover ?! I have fallen in love with Walt Whitman . One such as this writing such passionate things in those times or these ... and with such candor . I am so thankful to have read this book . Beautiful .
 If you care for literature at all , even if your interest in it exceeds no further than reading the morning paper , Walt Whitman 's `` Leaves of Grass , '' is a must read . He is truly one of the greatest poets , revolutionaries , historians , and Americans to ever live . As a poet , Whitman lures his reader in with work exploding with passion and inexhaustable energy . As a revolutionist , he baisically tore up any rule book to writing , stripping away any limitations , and paving the path for further free , independent thinkers . He was unaffraid to rebel against the narrow-mindedness of his time , making himself a leader as one of the very first poets to ever use `` free verse , '' a technique rellious on its own . In doing so , this great leader was criticized and looked on disapprovingly for his work during much of his life time , and like many other artists who dare to be unique , his true genius was never fully recognized until after his death . As a historian and as an American , Whitman has taken these works of his and has combined them into the nations most patriotic yet brutally honest text book.It is in writing of himself and his own personal experiences that Whitman imbeds the history of this country , both dark and nationalistic . Through his time working as a volunteer nurse to the wounded and dying soldiers during the Civil War , Whitman writes often of the terror of war , making it one of his most recognizable themes throughout much of his work . He also brings us back to a time in history in which those who believed in equal rights for all , including persons of every race a gender , was considered rebellious ; for in such beliefs , Whitman took religions that placed severe restrictions over such things as sexuality , and attacked them . The reason I am so confident in recommending this book to any reader , is that you are given a selection of editions to choose from ; the edition you choose for yourself , fitted to your familiarity with the poet . I can not promise that will fall absolutely in love with this book , every person has their own tastes , however , I can promise that if nothing else , you will walk away from this book with appreciation and understanding the value in reading it .
 Walt Whitman 's Leaves of Grass is an exemplary representation of both transcendentalism and realism . Walt Whitman was one of the few writers to bridge the gap between these literary movements and Leaves of Grass was , in essence , his opus . It represented the author himself and was often condemned in Whitman 's time for it 's blatant descriptions and incorporations of sexuality and homosexuality . However , years later it came to be appreciated for what it is truly worth as an exquisite culmination of people , emotions , and the democratic spirit.Of the many themes covered throughout the 438 pages in the ninth edition of Whitman 's masterpiece , symbolism was often used to represent allegory ideas and situations . In `` O Captain ! My Captain ! '' the captain symbolizes Abraham Lincoln and America is ship . In the captain 's death , Whitman is alluding to the fact that in the absence of strong leadership guiding the `` ship , '' there will be a lack of order and chaos . `` Song of Myself '' was , on the other hand , explicit in the ideal it depicted . All fifty-two sections discuss intricacies of semi-specific people or types of people ; they come together as one poem and are all part of something larger . Whitman believed not only in the individual being but also in a larger being that everyone and everything was a part of , in other words the oversoul . `` Song of Myself '' is truly filler in the gap between the literary movements because it is so thoroughly transcendental in meaning , yet so precise in describing reality.Emerson 's was completely justified in praising Walt Whitman 's work because it is still today very profound and extremely important in respect American literature overall . Unfortunately a fairly high mentality is required to take in his poetry for all its meaning and worth . Maturity and openness is key because often criticism of Leaves of Grass spurns from prudish and thoroughly conservative readers .
 Since there was some confusion in the comments section as to what volumes were or were not truly the `` First Edition , '' I though I 'd confirm that the Penguin Classics version entitled `` Leaves of Grass
 There seems to be some confusion , both in the editorial reviews and the customer reviews , about what edition is being referred to in this listing . the first editorial review correctly discusses the first edition as shorter and `` less bloated '' than the deathbed edition . however , the rest of the reviews seem to discuss either edition indiscriminately.the two are effectively different books . the cover shown is of the first edition including an illuminating essay by malcolm cowley -- that 's certainly the edition I prefer , and I hope thats what you would get if you ordered this .
 If you want a beautiful 're - set ' to your hectic life , this is a must . It settles , and soothes ; having a beauty all it 's own . And , yes dear , bikers can read .
 Leaves of Grass is a classic collection of inspired poetry by one of the most foreword poets of his time . The poetry speaks of Walt Whitman 's connection to his fellow man , nature , and to God . It is not to be missed.Leaves of Grass speaks to the turbulent times in which Whitman lived , being the Civil War era . He speaks out against the horror of war and he embraces the spirit of compassion for his comrades . Yet the book is also a reflection on matters relating largely to uplifting themes . His poetry has evoked thoughts about what is of value within my life . Even though it is the product of another era , it speaks to the timeless values of humankind.As the author of a spiritually-themed novel entitled `` The Misadventures of Sister Mary Olga Fortitude , '' I look for books that provide food for my soul . This is one that certainly hit home for me . It is also a book written by a gay man . Since I am gay myself , I appreciated the affirming nature of Whitman who embraced his sexuality with little judgment . This was a remarkable example which reflected his inner peace during a time when being a homosexual was not accepted.Whether or not you are a man , woman , gay , or otherwise , this book will speak to you . It will help you to embrace humanity , your spirit , and all of creationDavis Aujourd ` hui , author of `` The Misadventures of Sister Mary Olga Fortitude ''
 One of the greatest pieces of work from the Heritage Press and , arguably , one of the more important reprints of the 20th century.The famous pairing of Rockwell Kent illustrations with Walt Whitman 's poetry was first released by Heritage in 1937 . Long regarded as a publishing success , this book was reprinted several times.Cloth binding over hardback boards with a sewn binding in green slipcase . Heritage followed the design preferences of Kent who chose a grass-green linen binding stamped with gold . -LRB- The grass emblem also serves as the initials WW . -RRB- Typography was executed by William A. Kittredge who collaborated with the illustrator on all aspects of the book 's design.The lore surrounding the book states that Kent was so excited about the prospect of illustrating Whitman that he produced 120 pen-and-ink drawings in black and white , 50 more than his contract required . Kent designed the elegant and trippy frontispiece illustration as well as the title page of the book - which includes a monogrammatic device containing four great dates in American history.With the 1855 Preface and an Alphabetical Title Index .
 One of the greatest pieces of work from the Heritage Press and , arguably , one of the more important reprints of the 20th century.The famous pairing of Rockwell Kent illustrations with Walt Whitman 's poetry was first released by Heritage in 1937 . Long regarded as a publishing success , this book was reprinted several times.Cloth binding over hardback boards with a sewn binding in green slipcase . Heritage followed the design preferences of Kent who chose a grass-green linen binding stamped with gold . -LRB- The grass emblem also serves as the initials WW . -RRB- Typography was executed by William A. Kittredge who collaborated with the illustrator on all aspects of the book 's design.The lore surrounding the book states that Kent was so excited about the prospect of illustrating Whitman that he produced 120 pen-and-ink drawings in black and white , 50 more than his contract required . Kent designed the elegant and trippy frontispiece illustration as well as the title page of the book - which includes a monogrammatic device containing four great dates in American history.With the 1855 Preface and an Alphabetical Title Index .
 One of the greatest pieces of work from the Heritage Press and , arguably , one of the more important reprints of the 20th century.The famous pairing of Rockwell Kent illustrations with Walt Whitman 's poetry was first released by Heritage in 1937 . Long regarded as a publishing success , this book was reprinted several times.Cloth binding over hardback boards with a sewn binding in green slipcase . Heritage followed the design preferences of Kent who chose a grass-green linen binding stamped with gold . -LRB- The grass emblem also serves as the initials WW . -RRB- Typography was executed by William A. Kittredge who collaborated with the illustrator on all aspects of the book 's design.The lore surrounding the book states that Kent was so excited about the prospect of illustrating Whitman that he produced 120 pen-and-ink drawings in black and white , 50 more than his contract required . Kent designed the elegant and trippy frontispiece illustration as well as the title page of the book - which includes a monogrammatic device containing four great dates in American history.With the 1855 Preface and an Alphabetical Title Index .
 One of the greatest pieces of work from the Heritage Press and , arguably , one of the more important reprints of the 20th century.The famous pairing of Rockwell Kent illustrations with Walt Whitman 's poetry was first released by Heritage in 1937 . Long regarded as a publishing success , this book was reprinted several times.Cloth binding over hardback boards with a sewn binding in green slipcase . Heritage followed the design preferences of Kent who chose a grass-green linen binding stamped with gold . -LRB- The grass emblem also serves as the initials WW . -RRB- Typography was executed by William A. Kittredge who collaborated with the illustrator on all aspects of the book 's design.The lore surrounding the book states that Kent was so excited about the prospect of illustrating Whitman that he produced 120 pen-and-ink drawings in black and white , 50 more than his contract required . Kent designed the elegant and trippy frontispiece illustration as well as the title page of the book - which includes a monogrammatic device containing four great dates in American history.With the 1855 Preface and an Alphabetical Title Index .
 This collection of poems proves beyond a doubt that Whitman is one of the greatest poets ever to live . The touching and personnal nature of these poems is sure to strike a cord in you . Whitman 's voice is the voice of America . These poems are simply wonderous .
 this has to be one of the most amazing colections of poerty i have read . i never really was one for this kind of poetry , but after giving it a try i realized how amazing it is and how it can change you . at least give it a try .
 In American Lit , probably matched only by `` Moby-Dick . '' In poetry proper , Dickinson is a poetic equal , only on a `` micro '' road . Pound and Eliot , especialy the former , are brilliant
 Whitman is a fascinating poet who draws every item in life 's experience into his poetry . Every so often he throws in a particularly profound spiritual thought that causes me to pause . That 's a good thing .
 One of the LONGEST books I have ever read in light of number of pages , subject and time it took to read . But one of the most beautiful &#34; poetry/prose &#34; books ever written . I feel wonderful having finished it !
 great ! nothing less but great this is truly a classic , that everybody should read at least once in their lives .
 digital books are perfect and easy to use ! They take up no space on the bookshelf and are always with you !!!
 Enjoyed reading the book again after all these years . I like to go back to classics every once in a while and Walt Whitman is a classic .
 Simplicity , complexity , life . It 's a classic ! Every inspiring writer , or poet should read this as it 's a guide to learning to be true to your words .
 I did not like it then as it was a push to read it . I do enjoy it now as there is no grade associated with it!Be in a place where you can put yourself in a different time and place ; project what he is writing about in you mind to a simpler time .
 A lot of his work at no cost ! Really good stuff . You can find a poem that means something to you .
 I always scour Amazon in search of classics recommended to me by mentors and friends , and always come to Dover Thrift Editions , first and foremost.Exciting , professional , stimulating opening and succint biography.I was told to read this work because my poetry reminded a professor-of-mine of this superb , Transcendental gem.An extremely modern deluge of thought pieces strung together in praise of man , nature , and self . Simply beautiful , simply sublime .
 This book was ordered as part of a bundle of textbooks needed for the Spring 2013 semester . The books arrived within two days due to my Amazon Prime subscription , and were in brand new condition . I am very satisfied with my order and all of the products will be very useful in my classes this semester . I will continue to buy books from Amazon in the future !
 Please forgive the presumptuous title of my review . But Walt Whitman was and still is one of the most influential poets I have ever read . He began life on a farm on Long Island , but times got bad and his family uprooted itself and moved to Brooklyn . Brooklyn at that time was a growing city unto itself and trades were needed . Thus Whitman learned the trade of printer . But his soul led him to a higher calling . He became a jounrnalist and wrote poetry . His early efforts did not amount to anything major . Yet sometimes the unimaginable happens in a man 's life . A sudden thrust of inspiration strikes one like a bolt of lightning . Then something new and unique is born out of this inception - a new form of poetry - what is today referred to as free verse . Yes , Whitman is the father of the form , and perhaps one of its greatest practitioners . The beat poets who were to follow in his footsteps never really rose to his great height of mystic revelation . I think that 's what the other reviewers are talking about when they refer to Whitman 's religiosity . For Whitman was the poet of a new world , a new nation , a growing entity that would go on to fulfill an old dream of mankind . That is , the dream of a thoroughly new man , a man who was free from the past , a man who could find his soul was one with the fathomless cosmos . Hence , `` Walt Whitman , a cosmos '' is a very telling way Whitman has of describing himself to his reader.My favorite poem by Walt Whitman is his `` Song of Myself . '' It contains the seed of everything he had lived as a human being and every vision he would realize as a mystic of epic proportions . After that , I believe his next great poem was `` I Sing The Body Electric . '' `` Drum Taps '' was also quite an interesting addition to `` Leaves of Grass . '' Also , `` When Lilacs Last In The Dooryard Bloomed '' is Whitman at his poetic best.So it is without any reservation that I am highly recommending `` Leaves Of Grass '' to all and sundry as a must read . Especially now , in the wake of 9/11 we need to reaffirm what it means to be American , and I know of no better American Visionary to help in this cause then Walt Whitman .
 I love poetry and Walt Whitman is one of my all time favorites . This volume is chock full of his poems , so grab a cup of coffee , curl up in the armchair , and enjoy !
 Whitman wrote as if to me personally . He picked me out as someone many years hence from his perspective , in order to share his world in sufficient detail for me to insert myself into his skin . Through what he put down he came forward more than a hundred years . He is sauntering , noticing the sounds , sights , smells , how he lit up with joy , bittersweetness , fear , self doubt and at times loneliness . He carried me along the river bank at any pace I wanted to go . He would not miss a stride as he adapted to my pace . He taught me how to recline in the summer grass in the cemetery not much more than a stone 's throw from where I live , and meditate on his leaf of green summer grass , inviting my soul to enter our picture . I am writing this as a message , an invitation for you , my reader , to get to know Walt Whitman . Do n't join the crowd of hate and be put off by the fact that he was gay.I am learning much about making healthy connections , being myself one of the dots I am connecting . I do a little Lazarus raising activity in the cemetery two or three times a week , as I bring back to life my parents , my mother 's parents , and her mother 's mothers parents . They are in my mind , what I remember and imagine of them , increasingly clearly . There is so much more good will , mutual respect and intimacy aware to me now . I even have group therapy with them.I learned a lot about how to do this from carrying on with Walt Whitman !
 More as a point of clarification than review
 Could not find this book in any book stores in my area , found it here for a fairly decent price . Was so excited when it finally got here !!
 This book of poetry covers some very heavy stuff . At the same time , the subject matters cover a lot of matters that I 've wanted to read for a while.I suggest that you do not read his poetry silently . Say it all out loud ! They 're meant to be read loud and proud . Trust me , that 's worth it .
 A nice book to read when you want to relax and reflect on life . I enjoy the poems but will take awhile to go through the book .
 This is a wonderful affordable edition of classic poetry by a great American poet . Makes a great gift to poetry lovers .
 The book was in great condition , brand new , speed was ok , great overall !
 WALT WHITMAN FOUND AWAY THRU WORDS TO EXPRESS LIFE , LOVE , AND FEELINGS MOST MORTAL MEN CAN NOT.TO LIVE FREE , LOVE FREE.WHEN I AM GONE LOOK FOR ME ON THE BOTTOM OF YOUR BOOT SOLE.HE WENT PAST OUR UNDERSTANDING OF LOVE AND DEATH.TO READ THIS BOOK , IS TO GREATER UNDERSTAND OURSELVES , IN AWAY TODAY WE DO N'T SEEM TO HAVE THE TIME TO SEE .
 leaves of grassnot only the greatest selling poet who has been dead for more than fifty years , not only the poet whose translations are regularly read abroad , not only the poet whose name has in-spired countless others , not only the poet who freed us from the manacles of rhyme and decapitated the tyranny of meter but also a man of enthusiasm , a titan , a man whose soul floods with belch , fume and quake , a man who confronts the ravenous centaurs of humdrum and blugeons them swiftly in a spasmo of frenzy-fire , a wanderer , a searcher , one whose mind travels vig-orously throughout the cosmimosa and embellishes it with jac-inths of thought and blooms of popy ! not only a man of gargan-tuan passions , one who rages in the face of metallic storm but also a man whose depressions , fogs , glooms and sensitivity to flowers , softness and the defenseless bloom in stark heart-throb . no doubt he is a poet well worth a place beside such other titano-giants such as goethe , milton and homer , for he too sings the song of war , his book is a chanson of bellum for he sings of the battle of the passions , the climaximum of the emo-ceans , he challenges the raw specters of gash , their eyes oozing of slime-drab and rather than succumb to the oxen of indiffer-ence he instead triumphs over the gray and his book thus re-sounds in shinning claria ! his is an adventure of thought sur-real in its gusto , jumping in its excitica and wild in its leap of ideas ! thank celestium that he liberated us poets from the ab-surd manacles of rhyme and meter and we can now surge through horiza with countless new devices , metaphors and similies awaiting in our platoons ! he is the cougar of innova-tion , the lion of spasmo and the giant of vision.author of Lorelei Pursued and Wrestles with God
 Whitman is , no doubt , the truest . Many other popular poets are regarded too highly for their reflections on reality . Whitman is beyond mere relection , he has seen and deciphered the underlying objects of so much other work . Masterful .
 I have my issues with Walt Whitman 's poetry ... . but I can not deny its importance . I think everyone should at least read a little of it . I 've been forced to read Song of Myself so many times I ca n't stand it any more but somewhere in there are some really beautiful lines . But you have to deal with some ... other ones sometimes . I do n't really enjoy his poetry that much . I value it as important . This specific edition -LRB- ISBN
 Superb , the conversational technique is quite endearing . But , I disagree with a number of reviews -LRB- particularly American reviewers -RRB- who proclaim Whitman one of THE greatest poets
 Well I bought this book on the 8th and i absolutely love it . It was in good condition practically brand new . Well it 's a great book and I 'm so glad I bought it .
 Whitman is the great poet of America and the great American poet . His song is not only of himself but of the American realities he meets and catalogues in his long cadenced lines . Whitman sings the song of America as yes in a way no one had before and no one will since . He is the American poet who captured the most of American reality in his lines . And he is the one who too speaks of it at the moment of its great outward expansion and hope , as a historical progress of ever rising ever more sweepingly inclusive cosmic concentrical circles . He is a writer who touches the stars , and above all reaches the sense of the light within us -LRB- When I heard the learned Astronomer -RRB- He touches upon American tragedy -LRB- O Captain my Captain -RRB- and most deeply expresses it -LRB- Out of the Cradle Endlessly Rocking -RRB- He is the one who takes all America as an adventure and feast for his eyes and lines . And his poem however ironically his own life and end comments on it symbolizes for America its great new dawn always opening toward new light and greater worlds westward and within .
 Whitman set out , like James Joyce , to define and recreate his nation 's literature , and perhaps the nation itself , and to express his wildest ideas , glorying in their contradictions . The amazing thing is that he succeeded . There 's so much in this book , I would n't know where to begin to say any more , except to suggest that opening pages at random over a long period of time is my preferred method of reading this book .
 I ca n't say much about Leaves of Grass except that it is a monumental work which will influence any one who opens themselves up to it . This book changed my state of mind more than any other work of literature I have been exposed to .
 As a young man I took this book with me when I entered the service . I kept and read from it from basic training through a year in Korea , and at the 82nd Airborne Division . When I became a Sergeant I gave the book to another soldier who appreciated the point of view that Leaves of Grass brough to light . Now , about to embark on the spiritual journey that is the U.S. Army Ranger School , I am once again reminded of Walt Whitman 's words on readily taking new roads and accepting new challenges , and leaving our normal life behind for an extreme commune with nature and ourselves . Taking life by the horns and sounding my almighty YAWP ! -LRB- hooah ! -RRB- over the rooftops of the world !
 Whitman is the maxim singer of Myself , the human body , sex , the universal fraternity , the democratic equality , he is considered the supreme poet of North America , his work is deeply renovator , has became an inspiration source to the new generations . Leave of grass takes back almost his whole work.Published for the first time in 1855 , with nine corrected editions just before his death . America was then the famous symbol of an ideal . The whole world turned its eyes toward America and its athletic democracy . The virtuous capacity of Whitman of being many in one has had many followers such as Sandbourg , Neruda , Lee Masters , Bukowski but there is just one sublime exception
 it had been many years since I read this book as a student , and now owning my own copy to refer to when I need solace is wonderful
 Please note that I am reviewing the Penguin Classics printing of The First -LRB- 1855 -RRB- Edition.I trust that I need say nothing about Leaves of Grass itself . It is , alongside the poems of Hart Crane , Rimbaud , Lautreamont , Blake , Lawrence , Emily Dickinson and St John Perse , a totally singular experience . I have never read anything like `` Song Of Myself '' and `` The Sleepers '' , and I am certain that you will love them just as much.I do , however , have certain reservations about Malcolm Cowley 's introduction . It is well-intentioned enough , but I would like to issue a few words of warning , as it is certainly a very confused affair , one that will no doubt perplex many Whitman neophytes . For Cowley , the task of Whitman interpretation could n't be simpler , one need only look towards Indian Vedic philosophy and Buddhist scripture for an all-purpose key . While this certainly seems attractive and convenient - a lazy expedient for phlegmatic types - Cowley himself realizes that it is totally incongruous with certain aspects of Whitman : `` Most of Whitman 's doctrines , though by no means all of them , belong to the mainstream of Indian philosophy . In some respects he went against the stream . Unlike most of the Indian sages , for example , he was not a thoroughgoing idealist . He did not believe that the whole world of the senses , of desires , of birth and death , was only maya , illusion , nor did he hold that it was a sort of purgatory ; instead he praised the world as real and joyful . He did not despise the body , but proclaimed that it was as miraculous as the soul . `` Having meandered into a cul-de-sac , Cowley 's attempt at escape is characteristically sloppy : '' ... it must be remembered that Indian philosophy or theology is not such a unified structure as it appears to us from a distance . Whitman might have found Indian sages or gurus and even whole sects that agreed with one or another of his heterodoxies -LRB- perhaps excepting his belief in material progress -RRB- . One is tempted to say that instead of being a Christian heretic , he was an Indian rebel and sectarian . Sometimes he seems to be a Mahayana Buddhist ... `` Pedants are like spiders - they love cocooning themselves in their own contradictions . All of the difficulties that Cowley encounters here stem from his insufferable compulsion to categorise , and hence domesticate , Whitman . I take issue with this preposterous statement : `` One is tempted to say ... `` No , Mr Cowley , YOU are tempted to make these conclusions , any sober reader is willing to meet Whitman on his own terms , to delight in his incomparable vigor . Further on , we find the following : `` Since the Indian mystical philosophies are elaborate structures , based on conceptions that have been shaped and defined by centuries of discussion , they help to explain Whitman 's ideas at points in the first edition whre he seems at first glance to be vague or self-contradictory . There is , for example , his UNUSUAL combination of realism - sometimes brutal realism - and serene optimism . `` Unusual , perhaps , if you insist on translating the poem into Vedic terms . It is a little depressing that scholars are so blind to the revelatory miracles of Leaves Of Grass . Here was a poet attempting to forge new forms of expression commensurate to his time , a capacious , all-enveloping style that would sing the songs of democracy . To thank him for his troubles , scholars do the only thing they are capable of , dragging Whitman into the malodorous mire of comparison . This line is redolent of Plato , this one reeks of Vimalakirti , this shadowy section can be illuminated with the torch of the Gita , all of it is regurgitated thought , relics coated in new varnish.What makes matters worse is Cowley 's admission that Whitman had read none of the cited works in 1852 . Yet , the empirical evidence admits no contestation - the symptoms of Whitman 's mystical paroxysm are largely identical with prior examples . `` Leaves Of Grass '' , we are told , is another manifestation of the ` perennial philosophy ' - for all of its ornate embellishments and flourishes , it is , in fact , not very revolutionary at all . Once you master the rudiments of said philosophy , the swelling surge of Whitman 's writing is easily navigable . Here we see Cowley defeated by his own epistemological suppositions . Cowley 's method , after all , is that of a good Platonist . Poetry , for him , marks a poet 's gradual emergence from anamnesia , a rapturous remembrance of eternal truths.In actuality , the introduction is not really about `` Leaves Of Grass '' at all . It is about the scholar 's will to power , his inexorable urge to subordinate every literary text to precedent . In reducing `` Song Of Myself '' to yet another incarnation of Hindu absorption , Cowley does a severe injustice to a great American poem . He would have us believe that `` Song Of Myself '' is little better than a journal entry in verse , a haphazard approximation of a subjective mystical experience that has been repeated throughout history . To further substantiate his claim , Cowley compares a stanza in `` Leaves Of Grass '' to a Vedic text , noting their thematic and stylistic similarities . Does this not consolidate Whitman 's unflinching faith in metempsychosis ? In `` Song Of Myself '' , Whitman effects the transmigration of souls , channelling the voice of the Vedas . The complacence and self-contentment of Cowley is , for this reader at least , truly vulgar.I am not disputing the notion that Whitman has a consistent doctrine beneath all of his creative output , but the system must be sought WITHIN his texts and NOT without . This is the thought that courses throughout all of Whitman 's writing , that of pure immanence . To those approaching Whitman for the first time , I hope you have the good sense to treat Cowley 's introduction with the bemusement that it deserves .
 One of the greatest pieces of work from the Heritage Press and , arguably , one of the more important reprints of the 20th century.The famous pairing of Rockwell Kent illustrations with Walt Whitman 's poetry was first released by Heritage in 1937 . Long regarded as a publishing success , this book was reprinted several times.Cloth binding over hardback boards with a sewn binding in green slipcase . Heritage followed the design preferences of Kent who chose a grass-green linen binding stamped with gold . -LRB- The grass emblem also serves as the initials WW . -RRB- Typography was executed by William A. Kittredge who collaborated with the illustrator on all aspects of the book 's design.The lore surrounding the book states that Kent was so excited about the prospect of illustrating Whitman that he produced 120 pen-and-ink drawings in black and white , 50 more than his contract required . Kent designed the elegant and trippy frontispiece illustration as well as the title page of the book - which includes a monogrammatic device containing four great dates in American history.With the 1855 Preface and an Alphabetical Title Index .
 Walt Whitman is probably the greatest American poet of all time , criticised for his differences he was only recognised much later on , more appreciated in Europe than in his own country . This book is his finest work . The 1855 edition is probably the best out of all .
 He mixes politics , sociology , and sexuality in a single prose . If you enjoy a more dense philosophical read I would recommend .
 Out of the rolling ocean the crowd came a drop gently tome , Whispering I love you , before long I die , I have travel 'd a long way merely to look on you to touchyou , For I could not die till I once look 'd on you , For I fear 'd I might afterward lose you.Now we have met , we have look 'd , we are safe , Return in peace to the ocean my love , I too am part of that ocean my love , we are not so muchseparated , Behold the great rondure , the cohesion of all , how perfect!But as for me , for you , the irresistible sea is to separate us , As for an hour carrying us diverse , yet can not carry us diverseforever ; be not impatient-a little space-know you I salute the air , the ocean and the land , Every day at sundown for your dear sake my love.Walt Whitman 's Leaves of Grass is a treasure to behold ! The above poem plus an ocean of others flood this great and historic work . Another beautiful piece within is titled
 Walt Whitman is one of the most famous , widely read , and influential poets - one of the few who can truly be said to have revolutionized poetry . Free verse 's true originator , he broke free of formal shackles way back in 1855 , nearly three quarters of a century before it became standard . He proved that great poetry could be written without traditional trappings - and it has never been the same . Many , including me , think it has gone too far in the other direction , but this is not Whitman 's fault ; his work is undeniably great , and we have in many was long since suffered weak imitations . There is simply no equaling him , much less replacing him ; his work is as essential a part of American literature as Mark Twain 's . He is indeed the Twain of verse , to be anachronistic - as monumental , all-important , and epoch-forming as Twain was in prose . Technicalities aside , this had almost as much to do with subject matter ; Whitman famously self-proclaimed `` America has a bard at last ! '' - and so it did . He freed American poetry from European heritage , making truly national art that both defined its era and instantly became timeless , speaking to the heart of all that America and Americans stood and stand for . The great poet of democracy , he preached the gospel of westward expansion , celebrated America 's natural beauty , extolled its unique history and exciting new status , championed its values , chronicled the Civil War , dramatized the struggle over slavery and other national debates , and generally held forth about the country 's unmatched cosmopolitanism in all areas from ethnicity to landscapes . He also somehow managed to write about sexuality with unprecedented openness and vigor , striking a blow against Victorian prudery that would eventually prove fatal and even laying the foundations for non-heterosexual identity . Accomplishing even one of these deeds would have been truly remarkable ; Whitman did them all.Yet he published only one poetry book - 1855 's Leaves of Grass , which went through several updates through his 1892 death . He not only continuously added poems but extensively revised older ones , sometimes dropping some and moving others . For example , the original and final versions of his masterpiece Song of Myself are substantially different . Many key poems were there from the start , but some of the most famous and best - including the Civil War and associated Abraham Lincoln ones - came later . None of the many poems added late in life were nearly on par with prior masterpieces , but nearly all were worthwhile . Whitman wanted the 1892 edition to supersede the rest , and editors have nearly always complied ; it is by far the most popular and widely available and the one that nearly all readers will want.And what a version it is ! - hundreds of poems plus several prose prefaces and a prose afterword over nearly five hundred pages . To have so much greatness in one book - especially from one person - is near-unbelievable ; the depth of Whitman 's achievement simply staggers . Nearly all the poems are worthy , and many are great ; quite a few are pure masterpieces . Included are some of the all-time great poems like `` Song of Myself , '' `` I Sing the Body Electric , '' `` Crossing Brooklyn Ferry , '' `` Out of the Cradle Endlessly Rocking , '' `` When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloom 'd , '' `` By Blue Ontario 's Shore , '' and `` Passage to India , '' plus many superb short poems . Anyone even remotely interested in poetry must be familiar with these ; there have always been some for whom Whitman just does not click , but even they must be prepared to deal with him , so great is his influence.Great as the 1892 Edition is , it is possible for both hard-cores and casuals to complain . Many of the latter will say that it is simply too imposing - too many poems , too many pages . I certainly would not advise anyone who has read very little or no Whitman to jump right in ; it is definitely a lot to take in at once , and the poems are by no means of equal quality or importance . One would be far better off reading a selected edition first , but everyone should come here eventually ; indeed , nearly all will want to after the first tantalizing taste . Conversely , diehards have always complained about various aspects , from poems it leaves out to various changes made to included ones . The most important omission in my view is Whitman 's original prose introduction , which served as his poetic manifesto . The dedicated will of course want to seek out this and every version of every poem , but their complaints are of interest to very few . The 1892 Edition will satisfy nearly everyone.This is not the most deluxe version ; one can find various critical editions with extensive commentary , notes , etc. as well as variorum versions . However , this is one of the most widely available and is very affordable . Taking this into account , it has fairly generous supplemental material
 Choosing the fullest , most complete version of Whitman 's text , before the final editing of the deathbed edition , but following the additions made after the Civil War , the Norton Critical is a must have for students of poetry , or literature , and of nature . The wild , ecstatic hunger for the world , the ravishment of the senses , as Norman Mailer put it -LRB- though not about Whitman -RRB- , the mysticism of the flesh , Whitman is , arguably , the most accomplished poet of American letters.A must read for poets , students , and pagans -LRB- Whitman as spirit of the Green Man himself ! -RRB- .
 If you read only one peice of American literature this should be it . Whitman is a true Amercian . He feels the way we feel and he has seen the things we see . No matter who you are you will you think that he has read your mind ... only in no so modern english .
 I 've always been a fan of Walt Whitman and Leaves of Grass has a poem that everyone can relate to . It has all the hope and romance of every individual young and old but also the strife and sadness we all experience . I take it everywhere I go !
 In the three days I have had The Modern Library 's edition of Whitman 's ` Leaves of Grass ' , it has become my favorite book . It is a beautiful celebration of the passions in life , awakening and tantilizing the reader as no other book of poetry has ever done -LRB- for me -RRB- . I look forward to passing this beautiful book and its passion for life on to my children .
 Whitman 's `` Leaves of Grass '' is a collection of some of the finest American free-verse poetry ever written . Outward from his home on Brooklyn , Whitman soars out over our great nation , painting a sweeping portrait of mid-nineteenth century America and its diverse inhabitants . Whitman covers a panorama of ideas and themes , from lofty , aloof musings on the nature of man , to piercing depictions of the horrors of war . Gems of wisdom hang from Whitman 's web of of verse like dew drops - easy to see but hard to grasp . This is a powerful work , and a never-ending source of beauty . Unfortunately for me , I am not a big fan of free verse , making this work harder for me to enjoy than I had hoped.Which edition do I recommend ? That really depends on what you are looking for . If you are just interested in getting a taste of Whitman , I would recommend some of the abridged versions . I do n't feel that reading all 700 + pages of Whitman 's poetry is necessary for anyone but his biggest fans and students . For a complete version , I found the Modern Library edition acceptable , but nothing spectacular . This work has a multitude of editions , and I would recommend actually holding them in your hand before making a decision on which best suits your needs .
 Words can not describe the complexity of Leaves of Grass . I am constantly amazed at how well Walt Whitman holds it all together , keeping is hand on one object while amorously praising another . Everything works in perfect cohesion ... An unabashed love of self , of nature , of all that is divine and not divine . Leaves of Grass is a truly inspired work ... its words are boundless and fluent , rising in an intoxicating crescendo of naked emotion . `` I am the poet of the Body ; and I am the poet of the Soul . '' Throughout Leaves of Grass there is an overwhelming theme of unity ... unity of man and nature , of man and man , of man and God . Excitable sputterings of ageless wisdom become scattered , but somehow stay anchored to the intricate framework of the book . This sounds contradicting , and it is reminiscent of a line from the book -- `` Do I contradict myself ? Very well , then , I contradict myself ; -LRB- I am large-I contain multitudes . -RRB- After reading this book , you will delight in how large Walt Whitman is .
 It 's difficult to think of something appropriate to say about a man who spent his life trying to express the panorama of humanity through the lense of his own heart . From a drop of blood to the grandeur of a shipyard or a continent , he takes all readers on a journey wild with raving , raging , sorrow , longing , humbleness and pride . At once he is totally modern and yet rife with history.For readers new to poetry , Walt Whitman is wonderfully accessible . One can pick up Leaves of Grass and virtually start and stop anywhere and pick up something wonderful every time.Not to be missed .
 The original edition of ` Leaves of Grass ' published in 1855 contained twelve poems only . The subsequent editions beginning in 1856 were to greatly expand the work . Thus I would recommed that anyone who wishes to know the true range of Whitman 's work find another selection of his work of which there is a larger share of his great work.Whitman is the poet who Emerson prophesied , the American visionary poet who sang of the complex greatness of the society , and connected his own soul with its expansive facts of life .
 The 1855 edition of Leaves of Grass was the first and the best.When I was young I bought the big deathbed edition , not knowing about the 1855 one . I became a Whitman disciple . Either version is a good place to start , but the 1855 is the best version of the early poems and a fine introduction to W.W.The 1855 version was ignored for quite a long time in Whitman studies , but started recieving critical attention after Malcolm Cowley worked to revive it in the 1950 's . It was his version that used to be available , until recently , as a Penguin Classic.So whats the difference between 1855 and the Deathbed one?Throughout his lifetime , Whitman not only expanded LOG , his only book , with gobs of inferior -- and sometimes truly awful -- poems -LRB- especially when he was older -RRB- but he also revised many of his early poems for later editions -- revising them almost always for the worse.The 1855 edition is realtively short and reflects the diminutive , obscure quality of the original . The poems are full of Whitman 's original fire before he tinkered with them.Bloom , the author of the introduction , is in the estimation of many America 's best living literary critic . He profoundly knows and adores Walt Whitman.If you have the slightest interest in reading American Poetry , drop whatever you are reading -LRB- unless it is perhaps Dickinson or Emerson -RRB- and get this book . It 's still America 's best . Nothing since has been -LRB- and nothing will ever be -RRB- better . The only American poets after Whitman who mattered were deep readers of LOG
 Giving Walt Whitman only five stars out of five does him an injustice . Walt Whitman is perhaps the finest American poet ever as well as the most quintessentially American poet . His poetry never dates itself . It is as contemporary as if he just wrote it last week . Walt Whitman 's poems overflow with life and energy , pulsate with excitement , and contain deep though simply-told truths that rival those of any wise man in history . Much maligned during life and after for the eroticism of his writing , he never let his inhibitions hold back his writing and thus it sparkles with honesty . Walt Whitman was also a great patriot , who loved America in a way modern Americans would do well to emulate . He sought it out on its own terms and recorded what he saw in his poetry . His war poems , written during the American Civil War , are some of the best war poems existing in literature . Whitman knew his subject , having spent much time caring for the wounded soldiers in the hospitals and visiting battlefields . His poems create vivid pictures , richly textured , as real as you read them as if you were seeing the scene yourself . And the dialog he carries on with the reader makes the reader feel that Whitman , if he were still alive , would like nothing more than to sit down and discuss life . He is one of the few poets who manages to establish a rapport with his reader , to anticipate his reader 's reactions and talk to each one through the poem . Walt Whitman should be read by any and every literate American . ` Leaves of Grass ' will change anyone who dares to read it .
 The best way to appreciate Whitman is to read him aloud as you walk down a street or the country side.You 'd feel electricity stirring within you and all else would change too.Even the inanimate would seeth with life and vitality amidst the gentle choreography of nature.Thats what happens to me when I read `` The Song Of the Open Road '' . It 's amazing that Whitman could capture the deep inherent things we feel inside , things that stir us inside out and yet find it difficult to express.A timeless clasic that will stir people from generation to generation.Nothing like it .
 Do yourself a favor and buy this book . As soon as you do open it and read O Captain , My Captain . Try to feel the emotions and the meaning behind this poem and finally read the rest of the poems . They are all pure gold.Buy this book and let yourself get caught up in it .
 Walt Whitman is the father of free verse and his main work , Leaves of Grass , is perhaps one of the greatest works by an American poet ever written.He was born on Long Island and grew up in Brooklyn . Being a native of Brooklyn myself I feel a deep connection to him . When I read his work I am instantly transported into his universe , a universe which is the domain of every man . For Walt Whitman was possibly the greatest democrat who ever lived.In his great poem , Song of Myself , his opening lines are
 I just love it ... helps me to day-dream and think about love , friends , freedom.with a hot cup of whatever you like , with a fire in the fireplace and you can give you away .
 Excellent text and excellent service.I hate that they force us to write these reviews.I hate that they force us to write these reviews .
 It 's the kind of book to read when you wish to relax and contemplate life , your place in the world , and get over yourself . It can help you believe in yourself . It 's old , but it 's wise . I like keeping it around to read when I 'm feeling low .
 This book has been reviewed by people much more qualified than I . What else is left to be said about Walt Whitman 's Leaves of Grass ? It 's wonderful . I wanted a copy of it for my phone so I could read it at times when the bound book is n't available because I love it so .
 Clean book . Showed up to my door on time . The book was nice and cheap . Please buy stuff from these people .
 Book arrived on time , and in great condition.Unlike some reviewers , this was the correct edition and appearance as pictured on Amazon.This edition is quite unlike the 1892 version , which is a bit more polished . This edition is like looking into someone 's journal . Only major complaint is that the table of contents is useless . `` Song of myself '' is volume III , but it took a lot of time to find it considering the large size of this collection .
 We know the poems are brilliant , but navigating on the ebook is incredibly simple . Lovely table of contents so that you do n't have to scroll through hundreds of pages to find the poem you want . Children of Adam and Birds of Passage are my favorite Whitman collections , and they 're all here , free , and easy to navigate .
 A lovely little edition of one of my favorite poems and poets . It is amazing to be able to own good literature for the price of a drive-through burger . Amazon always has what I need and what I want .
 So , in high school , I generally did not like poetry . Then I had an English teacher that introduced me to what I can only characterize as adult poetry . No more , Joyce Kilmer . Here was something that challenged me intellectually . High on the list of my favorites was Whitman and `` Leaves of Grass '' . Now , in my 50 's I decided to see if I would bring away something different , so I revisited this classic . I can testify that there is much still there ; although my tastes in poetry have matured quite a bit . I do n't find Whitman quite as `` shocking '' in light of the social changes that I 've seen since my youth.Still , there is a certain nostalgia that makes Whitman eminantly readable . I imagine that if IBM 's Watson composed poetry , it would be a lot like this in form and content . Whitman 's streaming style seeks to capture the feel of an industrial America that scarcely exists anymore . The silent machinery of the information age , has a different soul.If you have n't read it lately , pick it up , you ca n't beat the price .
 This is an older edition of `` Leaves of Grass '' , it downloaded fast and I was able to read it in a minute or so .
 Walt Whitman is one of the two most read poets by the American reading public . This is a classic and like Whitman , it covers every aspect of life , including his patriotism .
 Loved getting this for free on my Kindle , along with other 19th century books containing the writings of Lincoln , Jane Austen , and so on.This is definitely one of Whitman 's classics , which should be in everyone 's library , whether actual books or on Kindle .
 This is one of the first books of poetry that I ever read . My Great Grand Father had this book , and it was very old looking to me when I first seen it 25 years ago , I was young then and did n't know that the book held a value . I do n't know where it is now but I know the poems were really good and I enjoyed them immensely . Walt Whitman is a great writer , and I enjoy is poems .
 The item came in brand new condition . It is exactly what I ordered , and I look forward to reading it .
 This book is a copy of the first edition . There is no author 's name on the title page , only a picture of him on the facing page . The songs are not titled . Reviews of the first edition are included in the back .
 If you love poetry , then this is a great read !!!
 As usual , Amazon has screwed up . The Kindle edition is in fact Whitman 's original , short edition of `` Leaves of Grass . '' The mass market paperback edition is the Deathbed Edition , much longer but marred by the bowdlerization that occurred as the Good Gay Poet morphed into the Good Gray Poet . Whitman did go on to write a few great poems , most notably `` When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloomed '' and `` Out of the Cradle Endlessly Rocking , '' but if you want to read the rowdy , raunchy Whitman , you want `` Leaves of Grass
 Read this marvelous book of poetry only if you want to fall in love with the written word . WARNING
 So far I have come across a few typos in this edition . The typesetting is not ideal . The introduction is fine , but line-breaks are placed somewhat arbitrarily in the text of the poem , so that it is necessary to play with the font size and/or words per line to get satisfactory formatting . It is also a shame that the engraving of Whitman included in the first edition of the book is not reproduced . Other than that , it is good to have the original edition of this book for a small price
 Walt Whitman is a genius of a poet . He takes what seems like existential ramblings , and turns them into beautiful and self-reflective pieces of art . This is not just poetry , it 's literally a thesis on life , a philosophical treasure , a song that celebrates being alive , a picture depicting the cycles of life , an ode to the SOUL - simple thoughts , taken to extraordinary levels by an extraordinary man.Although to some , the poems may be too open-ended , long , tedious or verbose to appear enjoyable - but , when you lay bare the meaning behind Whitman 's words , you can not help but feel empowered , aware , introspective , a believer in life , the lover of a human body , and a worshiper of the human soul . What more can you ask from a poet , and his poetry ? Read it , live it , and love it !
 With so much enlightening prose to choose from , here 's a sample from ' 32 ' : I think I could turn and live with animals.they are so placid and self-contained . I stand and look at them long and long.they do not sweat and wine about their condition.they do not lie awake in the dark and weep for their sins.they do not make me sick discussing their duty to god.not one is dissatisfied.not one is demented with a mania of owning things.not one knees to another , nor to his kind that lived thousands of years ago.not one is respectable or unhappy over the whole earth .
 After watching a recent PBS piece on `` Leaves of Grass '' we decided to purchase a copy for my mother . Because she has some macular degeration , we opted for the large print version . We have n't seen the actual copy -LRB- she lives in another state -RRB- but according to her , it was a great read and the book arrived in very good shape .
 41/2 stars , really , but we ca n't do that . This is the original 1855 version . Whitman added to the collection throughout his life , ending up with an overstuffed and very uneven `` deathbed '' version , which is better known . There are some good poems in it which are n't in the original , such as When Lilacs Last in the Door-yard Bloom 'd , but there 's a lot of pretty weak stuff , too . The 1855 has a small number of pretty consistently excellent poems which are highly original and loosely but definitely connected . Reading it is a very different experience from wading through the bloated , inconsistent final version - there 's something Whitmanesque -LRB- i.e. , at it 's best -RRB- about the original collection as a unit . Malcolm Cowley 's introduction is also a bit wild and wooly -LRB- written in the late 60s or early 70s -RRB- , but interesting and enlightening .
 I had tried to find this item for quite sometime . It was in good shape and made a fantastic gift .
 Impresses upon the reader just how metaphysical Homer writings were as well as a lovely exploration of the depth and beauty of the Celtic mysteries . A great book by a great English author .
 the laboratory exercises did help me understand the material i was studying in Speech Science
 I still have my first `` RIF '' copy of `` Red Sky at Morning . '' I 've got it rubber-banded together because after about the fiftieth time I read it , the pages started falling out -- and somewhere along the line , the cover was torn off -- and it has a special place on my bookshelf , right next to my -LRB- rubber-banded -RRB- first copies of `` To Kill a Mockingbird '' and `` The Catcher in the Rye . `` I 've read it one million times -LRB- approximately -RRB- , will no doubt read it a million more times . Excellent `` rainy-day '' book . Should be mandatory reading for anyone who has ever lived in New Mexico .
 The Bradford books , Red Sky at Morning and So Far From Heaven are two tomes slightly before their times . When most of the New Mexico fiction enthusiasts discovered Hillerman and Nichols these two had already gone into decline and were settling into obscurity . Each is well worth pulling from the bottom of the heap , dusting carefully and settling down for a great read.Red Sky at Morning would fit well into the John Nichols collection insofar as insight , humor and good story-telling . The characterization is great in both Bradford books ; the plotting is excellent ; the penetrating insights into a New Mexico forever in transition between a colorful past , chaotic present and incomprehensible future are all conveyed here.Whether the reader wishes to know New Mexico or simply to spend the evening in smiles and laughs , Bradford will provide .
 This is a wondrous short novel . Read it if you 'd like to be a teenager again . Buy an old paperback copy showing a teenage boy and girl standing facing each other with their foreheads touching -- a very sweet illustration.Now a good review -LRB- recommendation -RRB- does n't have to be long , so let me give you a few lines of description . A boy moves from Alabama to New Mexico during World War II , and while his father is away in the war , the boy finds friends and a home in the small mountain town of Sagrado . One of his new friends is an sculptor who carves stone heads and places them on a hillside.On the great book cover
 One of the best books I 've ever had the pleasure to read
 I just finished this book . Great story , great humor and all around great reading . I highly recommend it .
 This book , Red Sky At Morning by Richard Bradford , is set during the time of World War II when people all over the world were struggling and about a boy who learn to appreciate people of a different race . It is about a boy name Josh , who has been raised in the ways of Mobile , Alabama . His father , Frank Arnold is a wealthy ship builder , who gets his volunteer commission in the U.S navy . Frank decides to move his wife and 17-year-old josh to the family summerhouse in Corazon Sagrado , in the high mountains of New Mexico . Mrs. Arnold finds it hard to get by living in a highly populated Hispanic village . Josh on the other hand becomes a part of the Hispanic community . Josh goes to school at Helen De Crispin where he found many new friends and he is fascinated with the culture . The book talks about the people who come and change the life of josh , the people who influenced his progress to maturity . In New Mexico is where josh finds himself and where he finally understands the meaning of responsibility and love.This book really brings you back to the good old times , the times when we were curious about everything . Josh does n't fit in much with the community , but after no time he shows interest and curiosity in his summerhouse . The village , the setting , and the people help him to find himself and find maturity . By the end of the book he is totally different from what he was when he just came to the village . This book should be read especially because people and teenagers especially can relate to it . A lot of people are going through life changing period and many teenagers can relate to this book . It can bring the older people back to their young and curiosity age . Every one should read this book .
 This beautifully told story belongs in every library , and then ... lend it out as often as possible ! It 's a `` classic '' of the `` Holden Caulfield genre , and although I do n't know , I 'd imagine it 's now , or has been , studied in High School English/writing programs .
 A classic , funny and well-written story of a kid during the War years that manages to succinctly define culture , class , race and region in the US that is valid to this day .
 I love this book . It is funny and poignant . It describes New Mexican culture so well ! Makes me homesick .
 This is by far my favorite book from that genre . I first read it in high school and have gone back several times over the years . I just purchased it again to give to my 13 year old daughter .
 My father read to me a passage from RED SKY AT MORNING when I was eleven . He was trying to get me interested in reading the book for myself and chose one of the more memorable scenes . I remember reading it and getting partway into the book and giving up . I just found nothing interesting to the story.When I turned eighteen , I recalled the book my father told me about many years prior , and picked it up again . What a difference a few years made.I 've literally spent a year getting intimate with this novel . Memorizing every passage , and character development . It 's a rare American novel that has very few equal . Many people compare RED SKY AT MORNING with J.D. Salinger 's CATCHER IN THE RYE . Both are classic works of literature , and have a very honest look at adolescents , but that 's where their similarities end . RED SKY AT MORNING is also a rich look in the life of not just one character , but an entire town as diverse as we are . We grow along-side with those from the small town called Corazon , Sagrado.Frank Arnold decides to move his family from MOBILE , ALABAMA to a small town in New Mexico where Joshua -LRB- our Narrator -RRB- spends his Senior year of High School.RED SKY AT MORNING can be seen as a coming of age story ; but it 's very much a coming of understanding story as well . The Arnolds came from a mostly White upper class background , where they were the Majority , but by moving to this small town , they are turned into the Minority overnight . Old habits die hard for some , but through exposure others come to accept those who are different.This is a story that will make you laugh for days . It will make you cry the first time you read it , and the 9th time you read it . It 's as bitter-sweet as life itself . I will never come across a book that has touched me as deeply as RED SKY AT MORNING .
 It 's funny ; I 've read this book at least 10 times and I see from the reviews here that lots of people have seen fit to revisit Red Sky at Morning.I , too , grew up in the `` real '' Sagrado . In fact , Bradford 's son and I were briefly acquainted as teenagers . I think the book is more autobiographical than Bradford would like to admit ; my aunt has said that almost all of the teenaged characters were recognizable as actual people at the local high school at that time -- especially Chango.Any time I 'm homesick , all I have to do is reread the book and I 'm right back home again . I 'm glad that so many people from so many walks of life have enjoyed it as much as I have . It totally captures , very affectionately , all of the GOOD things about Northern New Mexico -- things you wish would stay the same forever.It 's like Catcher in the Rye , but it 's warmer . It lovingly represents the wholly unique people of Northern New Mexico , who are unlike people anywhere else in the world . But it also reflects human nature and adaptation through scenes of humor , pain , the clashing and meshing of cultures , and the inevitable unwelcome changes that come with the passage of time . Red Sky at Morning bears witness to the coming of age of Joshua Arnold -- the futile battle to remain young and untouched by the uglier side of the world , the bittersweet and inevitable transformation of boy to man . It was originally an allegory , I believe , parelleling Josh 's growing pains with those of a post-war America . Ironically , it is now an allegory for what has become of the `` real '' Corazon , Sagrado -- full of bittersweet memories -- the end of an old road and the beginning of newer , less innocent one.Just beware
 While I was browsing through the stacks at the library , I noticed that Harper Lee gave this a good blurb . That was good enough for me!The teenage narrator , Josh , has a really engaging attitude . He has a close relationship with his dad -- who , as the novel opens , leaves his Mobile , Alabama shipyard for a stint in the Navy during WWII . Josh and his `` Southern aristocrat '' mom are supposed to wait out the war at the family 's summer home in New Mexico.This has no adolescent angst or self-conscious soul-searching that marks so many coming-of-age novels . Josh makes good friends at school , has a lot of adventures and meets interesting characters . Josh is open-minded , honest with himself , and is not afraid to ask for help if he needs it . His story is compelling , and every few pages I laughed out loud.This should definitely be on the required reading list of any high school . For the adult reader , it 's the sort of book you can enjoy , pass around to friends , and look forward to reading again .
 Richard Bradford has written one of the finest coming of age novels out there . `` Red Sky at Morning '' is the story of Josh Arnold , his friends , his family , and his environment as he deals with the repercussions a middle aged -LRB- 41 -RRB- father enlisting in the WWII Armed Forces and a move to their sometimes summer home in what is called Sagrado -LRB- most likely Santa Fe -RRB- , New Mexico.Bradford has an eye for detail , masterful rapid-fire dialog , and that rare combination of comedy and poignancy . In some ways this novel brings to mind Salinger 's `` Catcher in the Rye '' or Ferrol Sams ' terrific Porter Osborne Jr. . Trilogy -LRB- `` Run with the Horsemen '' , `` Whisper of the River '' , `` When All the World Was Young '' -RRB- . Similarities include the teenage protagonist with an influential father , amusing and well-drawn characters , and plenty of thought-provoking interactions and events . One thing that sets this novel apart is its Western setting . Bradford does a terrific job of painting life in New Mexico and what it 's like to attend school and come of age in such a diverse and different environment from the Southern one -LRB- Mobile , AL -RRB- Josh was primarily accustomed to.Josh is surrounded by colorful characters to include black servants in Alabama , hispanic servants in New Mexico , a minister 's daughter -LRB- the hilarious Marcia -RRB- , local classmates and townfolk , his Navy enlisted -LRB- ne shipbuilder -RRB- father , his more frequently pensive and recurringly drunken mother , the mooching/hayseed/epicene Jimbob , sheriff Chamaco , sculptor Romeo , and the extremely amusing Steenie -LRB- son of the town doctor -RRB- . The adventures Josh gets into with Steenie and Marcia are particulalry inspiring -LRB- especially a night in a girlfriend 's father 's liquor cabinet -RRB- and the novel addresses both cultural and life changes in an always thoughtful and often amusing fashion . Josh 's somewhat forced maturation process and the experiences of those around him are depicted with a beauty and skill rarely seen . This is one of the best novels I 've ever read . Highly recommended .
 Everyone has totemic books , books that mean something to them beyond the words on a page . It 's a wonderful thing when a book that is special and meaningful is also funny and terrifically written . Yes , it 's a coming-of-age story , set in 1942 in the southwest ; it 's also shrewd and miraculously observant about people and their behavior , about what happens when cultures bump up against each other . I discovered this book when I was fifteen -LRB- a new transplant from a city to a small rural town -RRB- and immediately fell in love with it . I 've given copies to people over the years , and phrases from the book have worked their way into constant use.It also has the best dead horse scene in literature , a U.S. Army VD training film which is not to be missed , and a scene with an irate father of twins that will blow your socks -LRB- and regions nearby -RRB- off.I ca n't see anyone old enough to appreciate it not loving RED SKY .
 It may be set in northern New Mexico -LRB- Santa Fe , whether it says so or not -RRB- in the 1940s , but it 's timeless . Even if times have changed , the emotions this book brings out transcend time . From teenage angst to bigotry to feeling alone in a not-so-familiar place , to making friends and dealing with becoming an adult , this book makes you laugh and makes you wistful . I first got it as an aside from a cousin who said she thought I 'd like it . Two days later , I picked it up and then finished it that night at 4:30 AM , despite the fact that I had to be up at 6 , because I just could n't put it down . Several reads later , I still laugh at rotten horses and the ignorant Helen de Crispin , and grow sad at the inevitable march of time and the separation from loved ones . The book is so much deeper than the movie , which I finally found on e-bay , and which is worth watching just to see how much a movie can miss in the translation to the big screen . It 's not bad , but the book is just tremendous , and it would 've taken one hell of a director and cast to get it right , though some of the story resolutions in the movie seem more ... complete I think is the right word . Too bad Richard Bradford only wrote two books in his life -LRB- he died a couple of years ago -RRB- - this and the slightly less luminous `` So Far from Heaven '' - but few better-written books you will find anywhere . Why this book is n't part of every required-reading list in high schools across the nation is beyond me . It beats the life out of anything I ever read in high school or college . Thank you , Janice , for introducing me to this book . Now I try to return the favor for everyone I know .
 It has been so long since I 've had time to read anything fictional . There 's not a lot of time in a middle-aged guy 's day to spend on fluff like that . Then I ran across this book at an estate sale my wife was dragging me through one day -LRB- I collect books but rarely read them -RRB- and the short exerpt of Mr. Arnold 's admonition to Josh to take care of his mother while he was away on the cover leaf caught my eye . Throughout the book there is a frankness between Josh and his father that I strive for with my son ... sometimes successfully . Mr. Arnold had come to the conclusion that he has brought into the world an intelligent young man and he treats Josh just that way . If more fathers would have a relationship like this with their kids most of this country 's problems would disappear in less than a decade ! This book is worth more than its weight in 24k GOLD . It will always be one of my most cherished garage sale finds . -LRB- Its the fifth printing version of the 1968 release -RRB- Josh , himself , is a smart kid . Perhaps it 's because his author is pretty sharp himself as youthful ignorance seems to be missing in much of Josh 's observations and narration . Nevertheless , this story takes me back so smoothly , successfully and with such wonderful dead-pan humor that I made time for it almost every night before my eyes slammed shut until I 'd read the whole thing . Now I ache for my kids to add this book to their reading experience . Once I read with incredulity of that Southern delicacy called Coca-Cola ham I was hooked and laughed my way through the rest of the book . I fervently hope my kids will too.My wife is Mexican-American . I was always jealous of the kids that could speak Spanish in school and thus maintain their privacy in a crowd . That makes our kids half Mexican and our son speaks it regularly with his abuela . Our daughter , welllll ... I delved into my Spanish/English dictionary , and my wife 's knowledge , many times throughout this book because it thrills me to learn what I can of this language in an everyday setting . This being the case , it makes this book doubly good for those who have an interest -LRB- if you do n't you ought to -RRB- in our country 's `` second '' language . Even though many of the phrases may be from a era strange to us now it opens a wonderful and accurate picture into the Hispanic community in a much simpler time . This book will help those of us outside the Hipanic community understand the pride that comes from being born into it and the distinct priviledge of being welcomed into it .
 I agree with the other reviews - I saw the movie first , way back in 1971 , and then read the book . Both are excellent and , as usually is the case because of the luxury afforded by the printed page , the book was `` better . '' But I also love the movie ; it will always have a special place for me because my time of coming of age was synchronized with the release of the movie . Very moving story , wonderful character development , something that will stay with me forever . Now that the book has been re-released , why do n't they release the original 1971 movie on a video ? With all the magnetic tape wasted on things that should have never been recorded in the first place , this time put the tape to good use !
 As many others have said , it 's impossible to get tired of this book . My parents gave it to me when I was 18 and -LRB- again , like several others -RRB- the first time I read it I found it a little slow and disjointed . It gets better and better with every read - each time I pick up on the subtleties of a scene for the first time.Rather than boring the reader with a bunch of obnoxious capers and hijinks , Bradford envelops you in his characters ' community , and it 's this day-to-day banality -LRB- which turned me off so much the first time -RRB- that really draws you into the story . Josh 's adjustment to Sagrado takes time , but when it comes it 's so natural and amusing that you 're almost completely unprepared for the sobering conclusion of the story.I had no idea the book was so loved until I read these reviews . There are so many special moments in the story - the big wet snowfalls that ruins Chamaco 's fiesta , the horribly backward residents of La Cima , the refreshing `` white trashiness '' of the Cloyd sisters , even Parker Holmes tearing an elk sandwich apart with his teeth.I wish these characters existed in real life , and I wish I could be their friend .
 I was surprised to see that I had not already written a review on `` Red Sky At Morning '' as I have purchased countless used copies and passed them on to anyone I loved . I decided to simply make a statement recommending this to anyone who loves a well-written book that will make you laugh out loud , cry and quote its words to anyone who will listen . From the perspective of a upper-level literature student , there is enough allegory , bildungsroman , symbolism and carpe diem to make anybody happy.But like `` The Old Man and the Sea , '' this book can be read on so many different levels . I first picked it up in an airport bookstore at about age 12 in about 1970 , intrigued by the description on the cover . But I did n't read it for five years or more . When I finally picked it up again , it spoke to me on levels and in ways that no novel ever has . And I 'm 47 years old and a person who devours novels like Elmer 's Gold Brick Eggs -LRB- a Louisiana Easter tradition - I digress -RRB- . I have read it more than probably any other book in the world and it is still fresh and relevant . It makes me laugh and it makes me cry.God Bless You , Mr. Richard Bradford !
 I read this book the first time after seeing the movie . I have read it dozens of times since . The humor really spoke to me when I was a teenager . Need to buy a new version since I have worn mine out . I would also recommend the other book by this author , So Far From Heaven .
 This is a must-read classic novel that should rank up there with classic novels from Willa Cather , Truman Capote 's semi-autobiographical stories of his youth , and Abe Vergese.Red Sky at Morning
 I first read Red Sky at Morning in High School as an impressionable teenager and was quite moved by the story and the character . I was curious to see what it would feel like to read the book more than two decades later . Although I enjoyed rereading the book , I found it much less of a moving experience than as a teenager . It is still a good book , it still has an interesting story with memorable characters but it did not click in the same way as it once did.The story is told by Josh Arnold , a 17 year old wealthy boy from Mobile , Alabama -LRB- his mother is Alabaman born and bred ; his father is a more recent migrant -RRB- . During World War Two , his father decides to join the Navy and sends Josh and his mother to their summer home in the mountains of New Mexico . Without his father and his familiar surroundings , Josh has to deal with life more or less on his own . While the story itself is not funny , the novel has a lot of deadpan humor ranging from a detailed description of Ham with Coca Cola Sauce to a very `` touchy feely '' psychiatrist . It is an easy book to read.In addition to its coming-of-age theme , the story very also deals with racial prejudice and how it messes up both personal and societal relationships . In many ways , Josh is an outsider both in Alabama and New Mexico , which gives him the ability to blend in and understand what is going on.Although not -LRB- To Kill a Mockingbird
 ... and so it is with Red Sky at Morning , a book and a town that never wear out their welcome , even after repeated readings.The basic story has been synopsized here repeatedly and well by other reviewers ; I do n't think I could add anything , so I offer instead a few personal reactions to this genuine American Classic.The tone is mostly light , but the book is not a lightweight by any means . The choice of an old mariners ' proverb - or rather , the dark half of one - for the title signaled right from the cover that this was a book to be reckoned with ; a grab-you-by-the-lapels title if ever there was one . Nautical imagery in a high desert/mountain setting , it limns the entire narrative arc before we even get to the plaudits . Too , my musician 's ear was captivated by the sheer rhythmic beauty of it -LRB- is it coincidence that the title of Bradford 's only other novel , So Far From Heaven , has the exact same cadence ? -RRB- . It has been often remarked how deftly Bradford combined pathos and bathos . Red Sky at Morning is downright glib in places , but his sense of timing and ... propriety , were unfailing . The jokes completely outnumber the jabs , but the jabs always land square , and `` sting down to the kneecaps '' as Josh Arnold , the story 's young protagonist , would put it.I believe that Bradford 's secret ingredient was not , as many reviewers have had it , the jokey , even flippant tone , or the trio of impossibly bright , impossible-not-to-like teenagers - Josh , Marcia & Steenie -LRB- to say nothing of siblings Viola & Maximiliano Lopez , and Victoria Montoya -RRB- , or even the slightly melancholy undertone . Rather it was Bradford 's evocation of northern New Mexico , circa 1945 , before it was overrun and anglo-fied . Oh , the touristas and the artistes were very much present by 1945 , but the northern New Mexico A * R * T * culture -LRB- which subsumes the Colorful Native American cultures -RRB- had n't yet reached the fever pitch of today where no pilgrimage to Taos or Santa Fe is complete without several thousand bucks worth of bandana 'd coyotes and hunch-backed flute players and other Santa Fe kitsch in the back of the Land Rover . But I digress.Bradford 's La Villa Real del Corazon Sagrado actually transcends the poetically descriptive and pushes into the mythic . Think about it
 I read this book in high school , in about 1972 , and it has remained one of my favorite novels ever since . The story of Josh , who moves to unfamiliar New Mexico as his father heads off to WWII , is laden with great characters and great conflicts for this 17-year-old to face . I wanted a hardcover , having owned paperbacks , and the used copy I got was in excellent condition .
 i already reviewed this a couple of weeks ago but here we go again ... i love this book , remember it fondly from the 60 's and enjoyed it just as much this time . i loaned it to a friend and hope i have n't lost it ... she has n't mentioned it since and it 's been a month . oh no ... i may have to buy yet another copy !
 I go back to this book time after time and each time I enjoy it more though I am not enamored with the ending . Perhaps it helps to live in northern New Mexico in which the novel is set . Although times have changed since the latter part of World War II , we still have many `` norte & ntilde ; os '' -- `` Northerners , '' who are Hispanics , many from families who have been here for hundreds of years and whose Spanish does n't sound like the Spanish in Spain or that of southern New Mexico or the Spanish of more recent Mexican immigrants . Many natives still switch from Spanish to English and back , as appropriate , without thinking about it . In 1944 these people were the largest population group and as a result many `` Anglos '' picked up a lot of Spanish as did the major , adolescent Anglo characters in this superb book . `` Spanglish '' is not , by the way , what they picked up . That connotes bad Spanish and bad English mixed.The native characters in the book are well drawn as are the white kids , and having spent 24 years of my life in New Mexico I can recognize them all , even though `` Sagrado '' -LRB- arguably Santa Fe -RRB- is much , much more populated now , and La Cima -LRB- arguably Truchas -RRB- is now safe enough for some Anglos to live there which in the time the book is set they certainly did not and could not have done.The story , in a nutshell , is how a high schooler from Mobile , when his father went to war , was settled with his `` Southern Belle '' mother in the little town of Sagrado in northern New Mexico , met as one would , the other kids in his school , took up with another boy and a girl as best buddies -LRB- all three were smart , funny and had educated parents -RRB- and fit in , for the most part easily with his school , the community and the native language , the ease stemming in part from the fact that he had previously spent a number of summers in their Sagrado house with his parents , and in part because his new buddies took him under their wings . The `` adventures '' , some of which are hilarious , some more serious , all seem quite feasible given the times , the circumstances and the age of the kids.The real secret to fully appreciating this book is to read it slowly for flavor , not for plot which in my opinion is secondary , savoring every word and phrase , and to have a good Spanish dictionary at hand unless you speak the language . Disfrute !
 I bought this book as a gift for my niece . I read it when I was a teenager and remembered it was laugh-out-loud funny !! I will probably purchase it also for myself . Great price , too ! It came before it was due to come which was a bonus .
 This is a great book ! It 's written from a seventeen-year old boy 's point of view and it 's really funny and entertaining.When his father , Frank Arnold , decides to voluntarily join the Navy and fight in World War II despite the fact that he is much older than most of the recruits , Josh and his mom move to Sagrado -LRB- from Mobile , Alabama -RRB- . Josh becomes good friends with Steenie Stenopolus , Marcia Davidson , Chango Lopez , Romeo Bonino , and Viola Montoya . After a while , things start to go downwards for Josh . Then everything starts to be fine and good in Josh 's life again , things get even worse . Josh grows and changes a lot throughout the book , but he has to become an adault way too soon.This is a very vague summary -LRB- i did n't want to give anything away -RRB- READ THIS BOOK !!! It 's great for teenagers as well as adults ! This is only the second book that i 've actually laughed out loud while reading -LRB- the other is A hichhiker 's guide to the galaxy by douglas adams -RRB-
 My husband and I have an audio cassette of this incredible book and have listened to it a dozen times `` and counting '' ! We will never tire of it and have introduced it to most of our family and friends who also love it!Do yourself an immense favor and read -LRB- or listen to the audio cassette -RRB- this book , I promise you it will become a part of your life also !
 This book is destined to be a classic for its deadpan humor and dry wit about a young man who is coming of age . It reminds me slightly of Salinger 's classic `` The Catcher in the Rye '' .
 I am just about to finish Red Sky at Morning for the 5th or 6th time . Each time I read it , the book is as fresh as the first . The setting and time frame , although set in a particular era , do not date the story in any way . These characters could just as well be the teenagers and bigots of any period . Guaranteed to provoke fits of laughter and giving the reader gentle nudges about bigotry and other serious life lessons.Some of the characters are so true to life , while others are just buffoons , but all of them make the story hilarious and also very touching.This is a selection for our book club and I am anxious to hear other people 's reactions to the book .
 I have to say I enjoyed the book . It 's well written with good descriptive text and enjoyable characters . In some areas it is quite funny , particularly the `` spanglish '' uttered by some of the New Mexican natives . But it also lacks something in it 's `` coming of age '' message , partially because it steers widely clear of the young man 's sexuality and also at times makes him a little too courageous ... almost unbelievably willing to confront problems which a real teenager would not be able to deal with
 Bradford 's RED SKY AT MORNING is unpretentious in it 's aims , subtly bringing us to the world of a teenage boy trying to sort out himself and the changing world around him . Rather than the CATHCHER IN THE RYE it has been compared to , this book captures the beauty of healthy friendships with even the most unlikely -- foul mouthed preacher 's daughter Marcia , Romeo the sculptor , and even the local ruffian turned friend . Young Mr. Arnold 's life in the mountains reflects his growth and learning , and serves as a viable backdrop to the tragedy that haunts him . I love this book and read it over and over , always touched by the sincerity and beauty of it .
 I had to read this book for school , and when I first saw it , I thought it would be some boring book about the war.I 'll admit , when I first started reading it , I thought it was kind of boring . But as I got into the story , it got more interesting . Josh cracked me up a lot because he is sarcastic as hell . I see a lot of people comparing this book to Catcher in the Rye ... I would have to say that this book is better . To me , this had more of a meaning.Well , even if you 're not into `` real '' literature or whatever , this book is still pretty funny . Reading about Josh insulting Jimbob is one of the best parts of the book . = P
 Growing up in the `` real '' Coraz&oacute;n Sagrado , this book makes me laugh and cry everytime I read it . Based on a small Northern New Mexico town , Richard Bradford captures the essence of coming of age in this area . I do n't think there is any book that better describes the precarious balance between neighbors , friends , and those that come from the `` outside '' to share life in the small towns of Northern New Mexico . From the Cloyd sisters to Chango , I think everyone has known this book in some form or another.My only regret in reading this book ? It does n't go on forever ... -LRB- If you have a chance , you may also want to try and get a hold of `` So Far From Heaven , '' which is out of print , but more than worth the search -RRB-
 Richard Bradford 's `` Red Sky at Morning '' finds itself in some pretty heady company being favorably compared to such American classics as `` Catcher in the Rye , '' `` To Kill a Mockingbird , '' and `` A Separate Peace . '' But despite these comparisons , Bradford 's novel has seemingly been unable to gain the name recognition of those other `` one-hit wonders '' from Salinger , Lee , and Knowles respectively.This now nearly quarter-of-a-century novel centers on Josh Arnold 's unusual and unlikely journey from Mobile , Alabama to Sagrado -LRB- a fictional small town in Northern New Mexico -RRB- during World War II . Cultures comically clash as Josh and some of the other `` newer '' families in town try to blend in with the established Mexican residents . Bradford , who lived in New Mexico during the 1950-60s , is particularly adept at capturing the language , flavors , and feel of life in a Southwestern small town . While some of the usual teenage angst is on display here as in other works in the `` coming of age '' genre , Bradford also explores more serious topics including a father who has left to go off to war and a mother 's declining mental stability.A self-proclaimed `` slow '' writer , it is doubtful that we will read more works from Bradford -LRB- he did complete a second novel , `` So Far From Heaven , '' five years after this one -RRB- . But Bradford 's legacy is likely to remain , deservedly so , with `` Red Sky at Morning . '' As the American Southwest 's population explodes , one can only hope this coming of age novel finally find its place among its more famous peers .
 I grew up in Santa Fe , reading this book , serving Mr. Bradford coffee at Zook 's Pharmacy on the Plaza . Mr. Bradford 's book reassured me that my turbulent adolescence was do-able , by lighting the way.I have not been back there in thirty years . Santa Fe has been taken over by the rich and the entitled and they have squeezed the soul out of what we knew growing up there , though there is plenty of beauty and spirit left to be sucked dry by the commercial people . But if you want to know the siren song of Santa Fe , read this book . Sagrado is , indeed , Santa Fe . This was what it was like there even in the 1960 's and 1970 's . I mean , where else could you have that unforgettable horse AND world-class opera AND the mountains AND the humility of entertaining the Native Americans by just being white people on the Plaza?I read this book , I can smell the pine wood burning in the farolitos , and the breeze in the chamisa after the Summer afternoon cloudbursts .
 I thouroughly enjoyed this book , I do not know how I missed it for so many years . It was recommended in Nancy Pearl 's `` Book Lust '' -LRB- which you really should buy if you are an avid reader . -RRB- I have never been dissapointed by her recommendations.Josh , as the narrator in `` Red Sky at Morning '' is a 17 year old high school senior at the end of WWII . His dry wit mad me laugh right out loud several times . I loved his sensibility and humor . The cast of characters in this book reminded me of some of the characters in `` A Prayer for Owen Meany '' by John Irving.This is one of my favorite reads of the year , so much so I will probably hunt down a hard cover edition for my collection .
 And this would be one of them . I 've reread this book several times . It always makes me laugh out loud . It always makes me tear up . It always makes me hope I 'll meet some folks like the characters in the book . When I am in this book , I 'm `` in '' it and the visits are enduring and wonderful .
 I have re-read this story over and over for the past several years . I keep it on my bookshelf to remind me of it 's importance to me . Mr. Bradford is a storyteller of the highest quality . I have spent a lot of time in the New Mexico Mountians where the story is set , and it 's right on the mark . If you want to know what it is like to be in this part of America , then read this book .
 I knew Richard Bradford when he was just out of Tulane University and I was married to one of his best friends . He claims this book not to be autobiographical but there are some similarities and I can not help but believe that some of the adventures of he and Steenie are based on his friendship with my husband . The book is a masterpiece and I have read it often since it was first published in 1968 . His second book `` So Far from Heaven '' is just as clever and regrettably impossible to find . `` Red Sky at Morning '' remains a classic .
 My mother handed `` Red Sky at Morning '' to me when I was 16 . She had no way of knowing that it would become one of `` those '' books -- one of the books I held up as an example of near -LRB- if not total -RRB- perfection ; a book that I have re-read almost every summer in the past 16 years . It is one of the most well-written and naturally funny books that exists . If you do not kill yourself laughing and suddenly find yourself crying , if you do not fall in love with Josh , Marcia , Steenie and their entire world , then you have my sincere sympathies .
 After reading this book I was struck by the way the author creates an image of the life of an adolescent . The book reveals the life of a teenage boy named Josh whose dad is in the Navy during WWII . He and his mother go to live at the family 's summer home in Sagrado , New Mexico . Josh is faced with going to a new school and not knowing anyone in town . Josh makes many friends and faces many problems through out the book . The book is full of humor . The book is forceful and every few pages an event happened that made me want to read on . This is the sort of book you can enjoy and be interested in all the way through .
 I read this for the first time when I was about 10 , and have read it every year , sometimes several times , for the past 33 . Alternately funny and touching , this book has heart and soul , and treats the people within gently and with love . This will forever be my favorite book , and helped to teach me some things about compassion and acceptance while growing up . If I 'm feeling down on the human race , I can always travel those 20 miles to Corazon Sagrado and I know I 'll feel better . I bet you will too ...
 We 're always being bludgeoned with comparisons to `` Catcher in the Rye '' . Sometime read the sample chapter that 's available for Frank Portman 's `` King Dork '' and see what real young adult high school students think of the `` Catcher Cult '' and the teachers who worship at Holden 's feet.That said , this book is not `` Catcher '' , not even close . It is wildly honest and funny and shot through with a bemused melancholy that can break your heart . The dialogue is so sharp you could cut your fingers on it , and every character is crystal clear . Like life itself it 's a little messy , does n't always make sense , and bittersweet is the best you can hope for.It seems to me that if you wanted a ya version of `` high literature '' to really show a young reader what a book can do , this is where you could start . This is a book that stays with you .
 Red Sky at Morning is a coming of age novel , albeit a relatively quiet one . Unlike some of the book 's fans , I do n't think it has the power or emotional depth of Catcher in the Rye , but then , few novels do . There is some intensity in the conflict between the narrator , 17-year-old Joshua Arnold , and the neighborhood tough , Chango , and the absence of Joshua 's father that compels his transition to adulthood is well handled . Many of the episodes in Joshua 's life are amusing and a few are downright funny , making this an enjoyable read.So here are my quibbles , preventing me from highly recommending the novel
 My signed first edition of Red Sky At Morning is one of my most cherished posessions . You must experience Mr. Bradford 's at once hilarious and deeply touching coming-of-age story . Buy this book , read it over and over , and dream of a simpler life in New Mexico 's shining mountains .
 I truely enjoyed this book ! I 'm not a huge reader and I did n't grow up in that time period but I 've identified with many of the things that took place in Josh 's life . The humor is very well writen and I 've found myself reading the book over time and time again just to laugh and cry all over . The only thing I would change in the story is telling me more . I coud n't get enough of `` Red Sky '' Enjoy it . You 'll find it a book you read more than once .
 Having grown up in a slightly more modern New Mexico , I not only loved Red Sky , I understood the entire depth of the novel without having to rush to my Spanish/English dictionary to look up every other word . Red Sky was my coming of age novel . Could n't relate to Holden and Scout was my best friend when I was 8 -- it was Red Sky that caught my attention when I was 16 and made me start thinking about the world . Read it .
 I came across this novel by accident while trying to satisfy my daily addition , books on tape . Red Sky at Morning is a charming and humorous documentation of the complexity of teen years - the challenges of bullies , the development of sarcasm as a tool for pleasure and protection , the fear and anxiety of impending sexual maturity , and the bonding for long-lasting friendships . Richard Bradford kept me rivited and smiling . Only Mark Twain can claim a similar acheivement . This now part of my personal library to cherish again and again .
 The year I first found this book , I gave a copy to everyone on my Christmas list . Over the years -- now decades -- it has been my pleasure to introduce to Red Sky At Morning everyone important who comes into my life . I buy multiple copies , give them away , buy more . May it never go out of print.Do not , I repeat DO NOT see the film by the same title . It captured all the `` events '' and to my amazement , none of the humor , warmth , poignancy and joy.For those who have not yet read it -- lucky , lucky you ! I know the experience that awaits you .
 A wonderful book , every bit as good today as when I first read it twenty - some years ago . Beware of this `` hardbound '' edition , though ; it 's just a cheap reprint on pulp paper . Quality is lower than the paper used in the paperback and costs 3X more ! Boo on Amazon for not warning the reader , but perhaps that 's why there will -LRB- I hope -RRB- always be a place for real live bookstores where you can touch and feel as well as buy . Anyway , read the book , just read the paperback and save your money
 This book is old , and wonderful . Easy step by step guide to starting a conversational prayer group . Used this approach for a group at our church . If you can find it , I recommend it .
 Boehme 's ` Way to Christ ' is a contemplative work that can be read as a meditation . He originated the Myth of the Ungrund , but Boehme placed the entire myth under God 's control . His work on the Ungrund led to Berdyaev 's existential view of God and was foundational for the meonic nothingness found in Berdyaev . ` The Way to Christ ' might be hard for modern readers to connect with , but if readers take the time to soak in the word , it can add to a person 's spiritual journey . The language will not always be obvious or understandable , but Boehm wrote in a context that was very different from 21st century Westerners .
 Besides the Introduction , I have only completely read the chapter on the Sand Creek Massacre so far , but it should be noted that the account is extraordinarily sympathetic to the acts of Chivington , his men , and the other officers , and offers a convincing rationale for the attack . It should be read by anyone familiar with the usual condemnations of the government 's and individuals ' actions for an eye-opening alternative point of view . It appears that the other nineteen chapters , each describing a different battle , are much more sympathetic to the Indians . All have the added fascination of being written by an author who lived at the time or within a generation of those events , and read like newspaper accounts and editorials . Recommended .
 I came upon this book quite accidentally at the Portland library and could n't feel more fortunate . Lesley Glaister constructs a sensitive and almost sinister novel that is unlike any you are likely to read . The characters are colorful yet firmly rooted in the real world and their stories resonate with a sombre humor . From the senile yet sensuous next door neighbor to the local child molester to a terrific surprise ending , ` Trick Or Treat ' is as sublime as it is satisfying . I can not reccommend this unexpected delight highly enough
 I am a social worker and I have read this book to many of my clients . It is a helpful resource to help children appropriately express anger . Readers may also be interested in the following books : Assessment and Treatment Activities for Children , Adolescents , and Families
 This book gives great , simple imagery for kids to put with their behaviors and feelings . I picked this up in preparation for my first ever anger management group -LRB- I 'm a therapist who works with kids -RRB- , and was so impressed.It really helped too that when I bought it Mt. Redoubt in Alaska was at risk of erupting so kids in school knew ALL about how volcanoes worked and could really connect it to themselves !
 This book is great for counselors or school psychologists who are working with children with an anger problem . It has great ideas and worksheets .
 A little outdated but love some of the concepts in the book . It 's a nice reference for helping children with anger management , I will say it is better suited for the 5-10 year old range .
 I purchased this book when I got a divorce . I knew it would be hard on my 5 year old and I wanted to give her as much support as I possibly could . This book was amazing in helping my daughter work thru issues . I am happy to say that she is fairly well adjusted and give this book partial credit . She is now 8 and this books still sits on her bookshelf for whenever she may need it .
 As a play therapist , I needed something to help me work effectively with angry children . It was referred to me by a co-worker so I ordered it . The price was right and the contents was absolutely just what I wanted , needed , and oh so glad I have it . The lessons are short , easy to use with children , and the activities keep the children engaged in therapy . I love it . Amazing how quick the book shipped , it was brand new , packed really well , and this is how shopping should be .
 I 've used A Volcano in my Tummy for the past 6 years with youth ages 5 to 13 and it is a great resource . It uses language that children and teens can understand . A very effective and affordable resource for working with youth who have anger issues . They all love these fun activities .
 I use the activities and concepts in this book all of the time ! As a school social worker and child therapist , I find this book to be invaluable . It has engaged all types of children and can work well in individual sessions as well as groups . Although it is intended for school age children ; I have used some of the `` lessons '' for preschool children effectively .
 It was not what I thought . I thought it was a book to read to kids , instead it is a WONDERFUL workbook with ideas , activities , etc. . Definately for teachers but very useful even for this grandma !
 I am an Elementary School Counselor . I got this book to help me put together small groups for some of my students . The book is wonderful . It is full of great and effective ideas . I bought many resources in the past , and this is by far the best one to help children understand and work through anger .
 I used this book starting in my internship preforming counseling with children and I still use it with my practice . The anger rules in this book anre priceless and I use them almost daily in my practice . Highly Reccomend !
 The premise of the book is that anger is okay and natural , and you do not need to feel ashamed or scared when you are angry . You can talk about your anger , and try to physically calm your body , but you can not be abusive and hurt yourself , others , or property.If you are a parent hoping to help a child with anger issues , this is probably not the best book for you . It is basically a series of lesson plans designed for teachers/counselors to use when teaching students about anger and constructive ways to manage their anger.OTOH , I do plan to adapt a few of the lessons for my family . There are a few useful stories and worksheets that could reinforce some of the messages I am trying to get through to my children , such as
 I did my social work internship at an elementary school and used this book for the basis of my group work within the school . It was fantastic . There are lots of activities that you can expand upon and mix with your own ideas to use with the kids.My only difficulty was that I was a school where most of the children had to have many concepts and words explained to them , as they are just not exposed to the type of thinking involved with the activities . Made the book that much more an important tool .
 This is a good book to use with children to help them learn about anger management . I use it to run groups with children . Highly recommend
 Excellent short workbook for kids with anger problems . Probably most appropriate for kids between 5 and 9 . Highly reccomended .
 A Volcano in My Tummy
 This was my fourth or fifth Travis McGee novel , and I have to say I was a little disappointed . Do n't get me wrong , MacDonald is still MacDonald and the book is well written and engaging , but I thought overall `` Tan and Sandy Silence '' was lacking somehow . Maybe it 's that this is obviously one of his later books and he was getting bored or tired , or maybe it 's just something I did n't notice in his other books , but he seemed to take the easy way out a few times . For instance , when McGee interviews people the conversations do n't seem realistic -- the people volunteer too much information
 Over the years I 've read hundreds of novels in a variety of genres , but for pure fun and enjoyment it 's hard to beat Travis McGee . Some of the books are better than others , but they 're nearly all worth a couple of lazy summer days . They are the ultimate summer time , quick-read beach books . At their core , they 're good mysteries . But Travis McGee is such a great character , with such a wry outlook on life , that often the mystery seems secondary to McGee 's views on whatever topic author John D. McDonald has selected for his soap box . Most of them take place in Florida , -LRB- a Florida no one will ever see again given they were written mostly in the 60s and 70s -RRB- and all have a color in the title . Do n't take them too seriously , just have fun in the sun .
 Would there be a Carl Hiaasen , Tim Dorsey or Randy Wayne White without John D. MacDonald ? Maybe , but it 's not too difficult to find a dozen authors who owe a debt to MacDonald , who pioneered the Florida crime novel . Of course , it 's one thing to be a pioneer , it 's another to be good . Happily , MacDonald is both , as most aptly demonstrated in his Travis McGee series.A Tan and Sandy Silence is the 13th in the series . It opens with McGee doing what he likes most , enjoying life on his houseboat , the Busted Flush . All is well till he is visited by Harry Broll , the boorish husband of McGee 's old friend Mary Dillon . Mary walked out on Harry three months back after catching him with another woman . Broll is convinced McGee is hiding her . Broll is not so much interested in reconciliation as getting Mary to complete some paperwork essential to an investment.McGee is n't hiding Mary , but he 's also a little worried that she never contacted him . A bit of investigating eventually points to her hiding out on the island of Grenada -LRB- giving the island a drop of notoriety a decade before Reagan put it on the map with a minor military adventure -RRB- . He still has enough doubts to go there , where he will find out about a scheme to deprive Broll of a lot of cash . At the heart of it is a typical MacDonald villain , an intelligent sociopath who McGee will underestimate.This is another fun thriller with the usual share of Travis McGee cynicism about society that sets it apart from other novels of the era . MacDonald was a great storyteller , and this book , even if not the strongest in the set , is still good enough for any mystery fan .
 The first intimations of McGee 's impending dotage are fascinating . Hearing him acknowledge he may be losing a step , may be a tad less intuitive ... . Frankly , it 's a little painful . The expected carnage of women continues as in most John D. 's books , but the level of intimacy is surprisingly low . In many ways this is the book that highlights McGee 's relationship with Meyer and brings them closer together in their awareness of each other 's abilities . Several reviews were n't very strong on this book . I disagree ; I think it 's one of his better runs with Travis .
 Another Travis McGee book . This one seemed to take forever to get going , to set up the problem , and then as soon as you understood the problem , MacDonald popped you a good one , and the rest of the book was a catch-up from that moment . But that 's the simple `` mystery '' of this McGee novel , and as such is never that special . The attraction of McGee , at least in these later books , are MacDonald 's comments within them on the human condition , both specifically with regard to the Quixotish nature of McGee , as well as a general feeling of malaise which centers around money and violence . The McGee novels are as much about philosophy -- ethics , particularly -- as they are about mystery . Or maybe the point is that the philosophy is the mystery , and as we get to know McGee better , we understand more about his philosophy . I seem to remember the Spenser novels of Robert Parker to be similar to this as well . Are there other mystery series in which the character growth is as important , if not more so , than the particular story of the time ?
 This is not one of my favorite Travis McGee novels , although it is competently constructed , and has some good moments . Any McGee will do if I 'm bored , and there 's nothing else around to read . This puppy did n't really grab me until about page 66 ; even then , I could pull free anytime I wanted . TAN is a serviceable Hunt-For-A-Girl story . Maybe I do n't much like TAN because Trav gets tied up and almost killed twice ! @hg47
 I 've read the whole series and loved it . The McGee rants about everything from how to drive or mix the perfect drink to how to treat women are inspired . Read them all in order and have fun !
 I have been reading these books since the 60 's and you can not get a more enjoyable read . Travis McGee , his friend Meyer and the busted Flush , plus all the antics that go on make for one of the best book series I have ever read . Try one and I will bet you ca n't put it down !
 There are two ecological messages but you need to read for youself . I do n't write spoiler reviews . There is also a message about the housing bubble long before it happened.The story brings in a couple characters far from the same old fla crowd . The story is well written , really violent , & holds interest until the end .
 Several vignettes of various lives taken from a seemingly magical summer eve in a masterfully described Finland countryside . This ai n't no ordinary prose ! While reading this book , I experienced emotions usually felt while listening to my favorite music , looking at a desert sunset or drinking a fine nut-brown ale . The words jump off the page , straight into your mind and create the most vivid , colourful images imaginable . Track down a copy of this book , it 's definately a masterpiece !
 Critical at first for spending a few extra dollars for such a text , this edition proved to me that money was worth it . It 's a beautiful translation , both accurate and flowing . The notes in the back provided useful , as well as the glossary , and the introduction brought new context and understanding to the book . Very well written . I highly recommend this classic .
 Dear Mr. Dixon , Hi , I 'm a big , big fan of yours . I just absolutely loved your Flying Express book . It was great when Frank was pushed overboard and had to hang over the the blades for thirty seconds when his hands were really wet . Whew ! -LRB- ... -RRB- I liked how Chet was turning into an Astrologer every time he met the Hardy Boys . I also liked how Zig who was the gangleader , liked Astrology , just like Chet . My favorite part was when the Hardy 's found they 're boat and Skee did n't know it belonged to them and let them test drive it but he ended up being arrested on the dock . I just wanted to congratulate you on this book and hope you keep on writing more fantastic books.Your fan , Bobby Hughes
 After the complexity of the previous Hardy Boys book , `` The Disappearing Floor , '' I was ready for a bit simpler story , and this book delivers . This time the mystery centers on the Flying Express , a hydrofoil that is just entering service on Barmet Bay . Someone is out to prevent the Flying Express from entering service . Who is behind these attempts?This story is somewhat interesting in the Chet Morton 's new hobby , astrology , plays a critical part in the story . Chet 's hobbies have often played a part in Hardy Boys books , but in this book his hobby is central to capturing the criminals.The Hardys discover an unusual group of criminals in this mystery , including one who does everything based on his horoscope . The boys also encounter a businessman who seems as though he might have something to do with the mystery , but how , and why?The Hardy boys have frequently encountered criminals who have put them into danger , in addition to the danger they often encounter on their own . This time the criminals do things that could endanger dozens of lives as they try to stop the Flying Express from crossing Barmet Bay.This story is interesting with elements that are educational and enjoyable . The story is paced well and is reasonably easy to follow . While I enjoyed the complexity of the previous story , `` The Disappearing Floor , '' the relative simplicity of the story line in this book was welcomed . Further , though the story line is somewhat simple , there was sufficient complexity to keep the story interesting.Though the Hardy Boys series is written in a relatively archaic fashion , as reading material for an increasingly younger audience they are excellent . The stories were once recommended for children ages 10 to 14 . As children are exposed to more violence and seem to require greater levels of stimulation , the recommended age range has move to 9 to 12 . I think any child capable of reading some of the challenging words in these books will enjoy them , regardless of how tame most of the action may be . Once a child has reached age 12 or so the stories may be of less interest , but given the combination of mystery and action , these books remain good safe choices for parents who want to know what their children are reading .
 Frank and Joe get tangled with violint crimmanls in this frightning mystery . I would give this book a hundred stars if I could!I could n't put the book down when I was reading it . I had to see what happend next ! That will happen to you too when you read the Mystery of the Flying Express ! I promise , you will love this book !!!
 I really liked this book , especially because it 's a sea voyage story . It 's weird that they call it the Flying Express if it dose n't fly . But it 's a good name , still . Most parts of this book are normal , but the end is a little better than the other parts . Some parts are okay since they are just normal and what you 'd expect . But overall , this was probably one of my favorites . I recommend that you try it out .
 Sneaking around , discovering what other teens or adults were up to , solving crimes , ahh , I loved this series.I read the entire series as a kid , and loved it . It chronicles two brothers and their friends adventures as they solve mysteries of all imaginable kinds . I only learned as an adult that Franklin W Dixon was a pen name used by several different authors , but the series had some great stories . I still enjoy a good mystery.Paul Buckner , author of `` From Broke to Broker , and other stories of finding financial freedom . ''
 this series is wonderful for youth who love the thrill of action . ive had a great time reading them myself .
 When I started reading it , it was hard to understand . The author did n't give very much information at the beginning of the book . After I read a few chapters I understood it . This is n't my favorite Hardy Boy book , but it has plenty of action , and it kept me on the edge of my seat . If you are a Hardy Boy fan you will find it anything but boring .
 This book right here is very suspenseful for a Hardy Boy book , and that is exactly why I liked this book . You wan na know what brought my hair standing to my head ? The part where the airplane was flying right over the ship . So if you like a really suspenseful book Hardy Boys style ... this one 's for you baby :D .
 This review concerns the original 1941 edition . Mr. Hardy asks Frank and Joe to help him stop a group of foreign spies that are trying to upset the U.S. government and to locate the spies secret camp . I 'd more accurately give the book 31/2 stars instead of a 4 star rating . The plot of the book was pretty good and there was a fair bit of action . I only found three things really wrong with the book
 Dear Mr. Dixon , Hi , I 'm a big , big fan of yours . I just absolutely loved your Flying Express book . It was great when Frank was pushed overboard and had to hang over the the blades for thirty seconds when his hands were really wet . Whew ! It was a surprise when you found out Big Malarky , who seemed like a good man -LRB- But really was n't -RRB- turned out to be behind the whole scam . I liked how Chet was turning into an Astrologer every time he met the Hardy Boys . I also liked how Zig who was the gangleader , liked Astrology , just like Chet . My favorite part was when the Hardy 's found they 're boat and Skee did n't know it belonged to them and let them test drive it but he ended up being arrested on the dock . I just wanted to congratulate you on this book and hope you keep on writing more fantastic books.Your fan , -LRB- *** -RRB-
 The first time you ` read ' it , is the best . I love the realism , coupled with the symbolism . I love all the details you missed before . The style is simple , but beautiful and speaks volumes . A wonderful story that I love to read .
 This is one of Jason 's earliest graphic novels and could arguably be his best . It starts with two friends who go through the usual childhood antics of playing football , playing computer games , slowly noticing girls , and being bored in school . Then a tragedy occurs with one of the friends being killed . The surviving friend is haunted by this event and Part 2 opens with him grown up , divorced , working a job he hates , and increasingly becoming dependent on alcohol.It 's a portrait of trauma painted subtly , touchingly , and imaginatively . The quirky devices Jason employs are here . Instead of cars everyone goes about on stilts . All the characters are of course animal faced . But the imaginative devices he uses like at the end of Part 1 to show how childhood ends for the friend who survives is brilliant and original . Time lapse in Part 2 is again dealt with well so the reader is jarred by the sudden span of years . Despite Jason 's usual lack of expressions on his characters ' faces , in `` Hey , Wait ... '' he alters them so you see real pain , frustration , and regret in their faces . Also , coming out of an alcoholic bender is done remarkably well for the comics medium.The ending is ambiguous but memorable and again blurs reality and fantasy . Is it a happy ending or a sad one ? I promise you , even if you 're not a comics fan once you 've read this you 'll be thinking about this book for years . An amazing work of art .
 If you 're a comics buff who 's only into superheros or manga or whatever popular subjects featured in mainstream comics , this book is probably not for you , regardless of the glowing reviews here . Otherwise ... read on.I utterly enjoyed the book . The story is so intense , yet the illustration is minimalistic and poetic . Because of the frugal use of text , I had to revisit some pages just to interpret what exactly happened . But I 'm telling you - less is more ! The book has the rare quality and artistic appeal of a Criterion Collection classic film . It also reminded me of Art Spiegelman 's Maus . If Maus has been studied in schools , Hey Wait should be , too . I hope , through word of mouth , this book as well as others by Jason will get more attention in the States .
 `` Hey , Wait . . '' TP , is a book conceived and drawn both by Jason.This terse graphic novella uses no words , but all-pantomine . It is an allegorical genre , tackling by stretching out gradually the life of a young boy leading up , maturing & his becoming of a young man.My givings of this short precis ` is about two pubescent boys spending jovially on one of there school summer vacations . The twosome literally smell the happy air of there school-free environment , exuberantly eating the ticking time heedfully the rest of there holliday lives , & they just simply wallow the concurrent moments of what in store for them during these cherished times . However one day , a fortutious event diverges the path they both tread for the rest of there lives permanently . The other one simply could not accept the happenstance what predestined by fate . So he cope with it antipathetically as his life sinks spirally to the toilet , & as well , he tries to endure this guilt for the remainder of his adult life.Essentially , this comic book is broken down to two halves . The first chapter is all about exploring fully the childhood lives of these two young boys . While the latter half shown us by sifting through the lives of the protagonists & that wretched and tragedic repercussions . By the way , this book utilizes anthropomorphic characters or in other words , uses animals as oppose to humans as way to smoothly deliver the story as what the author intended it to be.Jason is a very talented & well-rounded comic book creator . he artfully etched out the story to life with his true-to-life and accurate rendition of diverse & realistic emotions of each circumstances upon dictated spontaneously by the story itself . The story turns out very profound in the dimensions of emotions and rich in psychological dealings , at least in reference to subtle , not blatant aspects . Likewise , the story is very poignant , dark & melancholic , heartbreaking and ultimately , heart-rending . However , the grandest talent of Jason based by critique-ing this work , is his ability to leverage panels to his pluses per page -LRB- 6 panels a page -RRB- . He skillfully by fully delineating lucidly the essences to fruition such as those articulated prior , such as the psychological , emotional , and allegorical ranges . Most of the times , his panels do not even show people nor any interactions , neither a situation at all.Ironically , merely illustrated a tree or any object for that matter & completed , then presenting to us , only the tree & its environment for example , for all 6 panels , with the author sole purpose to starkly immersing the reader to every inch of significant emotions & other nuances of what Jason deemed neccessary & clever.This slender graphic novella constitutes only for 64 pages , all in B&W ; & comic book format , softbounded & with sturdy frontage cover . A good buy and a `` must own '' . A bonafide , quasi literary piece of work . In the same breath alongside `` Maus '' by . Art Spiegelmann ; `` Four Women '' by . Sam Kieth ; `` To the Heart of the Storm '' by . Will Eisner & '' A Jew in Communist Prague '' by . Vittorio Giardino.Highly recommended for story , price and Jason .
 I bought this book a few months ago , and have read it 5 times since . `` I have absorbed its contents '' , would be more fitting , as the bulk of story in this book is told more through the artists complex while seemingly simplistic visuals . It 's the story of two childhood friends , a tragic event that separates them , and finally how one of the friends grows up and how the events of his childhood still affect him . It 's an amazing story , and I 'd highly recommend it for people who like to think when they read comics . I find Jason 's art to have many layers . There is so much that is being said in almost every panel . You have to look at it and think about it for a bit , though , or you 'll miss what Jason is representing in these panels and throughout the book.A great book . : -RRB-
 This book is incredible . A masterpiece in graphic literature . The art is superb and is perfect for this story which I found hauntingly familiar . The perfectly drawn facial expressions bring the characters alive . The story will grip you and stay with you for eternity . The editorial review that says , `` this story is beautiful but will utterly break your heart '' is SO right on . Everyone needs this . I wish I knew if this artist had any other graphic novels out ? I 'd like to thank the first Amazon reviewer as his -LRB- or her -RRB- review convinced me to buy it . Now it 's your turn . I assure you that it will be one of the best ten bucks you ever spent .
 Jason , Hey , Wait ... -LRB- Fantagraphics , 2001 -RRB- Graphic novel artist Jason made a huge splash with this slim volume when it first came out a few years back . It 's pretty easy to see why ; with a minimum of dialogue and a ot of abstraction , Jason paints a deeply affecting pastiche.The story concerns two childhood friends who decide to start a fan club . While they 're planning out the initiation , something goes horribly wrong , and the rest of the book deals with one friend 's lifelong reaction to a life-changing event.Hey , Wait ... is unflinching . If you have n't yet come to the world of graphic novels , this is a great place to start ; even the toughest critics of graphic novels , I should think , would be hard-pressed to deny the emotional power of this little tale -LRB- and it certainly puts to bed the idea that all comics are for kids -RRB- . ****
 A moving example of the power of simplicity , `` Hey , Wait '' is a work of art to be treasured and read again and again . It speaks across generations , across languages , and across national borders . It speaks to the human condition . As a graphic utterance of our postmodern existential angst , `` Hey , Wait '' is highly recommended .
 I 'll have to say that this artist has a way with the graphic art form that I feel few others have demontrated thus far in the genre . The sincerity conveyed through simplicity in order to portray a wonderful series of elements that characterise the human condition is refreshing ... not to mention that zombies , mummies and monsters in general NEED to be in our lives !
 I just found a first edition of this wonderful story and I must say that after reading Dylan Horrock 's small quote on the rear cover I was quite interested.I lost my childhood friend to suicide three years ago and this story , while not similar in that fate , really helped me see what I have been holding inside . Guilt is a terrible suitcase , one not easily discarded , but it 's nice to see no one is alone.I knew little of the book before literally stumbling onto it and I am very glad I did . It now sits in my large collection of comics and such and will be one of my favorite conversation pieces in my local comic shop in weeks to come . I highly recommend it to all !
 Jason 's comic coming-of-age story has many gems . His simplistic style and steady pacing with the use of the same comic panels on every page forge a universe made of a very personal visual language . The lines between adulthood and childhood are clearly drawn -LRB- so to speak -RRB-
 Jason 's graphic novels are great . They flumox many people but I love them andfind them quite real in expressing human emotion . Great graphics .
 I just read this last night and it blew me away . I read it after finishing Jason 's other piece Why Are You Doing This ? which I have n't been able to find on Amazon , but I find Hey , Wait ! to be just as tragic , if not more-so . This story is incredibly sad . Part One reflects on the lives of two young boys who spend the summer days together , doing things normal kids would . They have a tight friendship , and events that would seem average in our lives are magnified just as they would be in the eyes of children . Instead of writing from an adult 's perspective , Jason looks at each panel like the children would which makes the tragedy that takes place even more devastating.Part Two is just as important , as it follows the main character through the remainder of his life , dealing with the residue from Part One 's tragedy . The metaphorical aspects are so strong sometimes it 's hard to decipher them from real life events in the story , but I feel like that 's the point . Not everything in life is spelled out for us , and Jason portrays his narratives in a way that exercises our minds , even if it with painfully real scenarios.I would recommend this book for anyone who is looking for a drastically different , bold comic .
 I am puzzled by the acidity of the review by `` J Onyx '' , who contrasts the supposedly unscholarly and `` Marxist '' authors of this collection with the scholarly `` gentleman '' Robert Bremner , who wrote various works on the history of American Philanthropy . J Onyx even speculates that these historians waited until Professor Bremner was gone before they published their writings.I was one of Professor Bremner 's graduate students at Ohio State and assisted him with his revision of his classic work American Philanthropy . Bob Bremner was indeed a gentleman , and he treated other scholars with an irenic spirit even when he disagreed with them . It is impossible for me to imagine Bob Bremner being so uncharitable of other scholars as J Onyx , or engaging in such an acerbic and inaccurate misrepresentation of a work.This is an important collection of well-researched essays . Anybody interested in the role of philanthropy in American history must begin with this volume .
 wish I had a better professor teaching the material . This is a great primer to the history of charity and philanthropy . I used it as a text for a Masters level course . The book taught me more than its presentation in the course , but ... it happens ...
 Pope John Paul II is the most widely traveled Pope , who redefined the role of Papacy through his pilgrimages far and wide . Within a few years of his election to the Papacy , his apostolic zeal took him to every continent with the Christian message of joy and hope . This book , `` A Pilgrim Pope '' , is a collection of the Pope 's messages given out to peoples of various cultures during the course of his travels beginning in Poland in 1979 , up to Romania in 1999 . Cardinal Achille Silvestrini who was the Prefect of the Congregation for the Oriental Churches , has edited this collection , giving a valuable introduction to each message from the point of view of the context and the relevance of the message . But the message itself is in the form of excerpts from the Pope 's speeches . Cardinal Pio Laghi has written a forward to this collection . This book , as a whole captures the man and mission of this pilgrim Pope .
 This book , discusses food prep , rationing and offers a historical prospective to foods prepared and served during WWII . Rationing is well explained here . I became interested in WWII cooking after I read that diabetes , obesity etc levels DECREASED during the war years . I feel this is due in part to the rationing of fats and sugers . Grandma 's Wartime Baking shares baking recipes that are lower in fat and sugar . Lemon , Huckleberry , and bread puddings are included here . The cookie section offers lower sugar treats such as Gingersnaps , Apple Butter , Carrot , and Prune cookies . The oatmeal icebox cookies are good as are the butterscotch Bars . 18 Cookie recipes are in the book . Also another factor is the lack of time many women experienced - a result of women going to work . Most of the recipes are not time comsuming . The muffin chapter is impressive . Muffins and quick breads were the ideal solution for busy moms in the morning . Applesauce muffins , Popovers , Orange Marmalade Bread and Quick Cheese Bread are only a few of the offerings . Other chapters include Celebration cakes , -LRB- wedding cake is here -RRB- Cakes , Cobblers , Pies , and on and on . The cover jacket is charming , with a WWII look to it and red checkered edging . 5 stars from me .
 The previous reviewer did a wonderful job in summarizing the chapters of this book so I will refrain from repeating and instead will say that this book is a `` good read '' . There are those out there that like to occasionally peruse cookbooks -LRB- and you know who you are -RRB- but in this case there is more to think about than whether you have all the ingredients on hand . It is interesting to contemplate how much WWI and WWII affected our culture and how adaptive our forebearers were when shortages occurred . There are plenty of examples of propaganda , ration cards and excerpts from women 's magazines to keep one up at night or dawdling at the kitchen table over coffee.Enjoy!ps -- I have made the cocoa icing and the marshmellow topped cake and both came out well .
 This is a great cookbook for busy cooks . I purchased it because I prefer to cook my meals a bit old fashioned . This book has wonderful recipes . I also like how this book talks about some of the history from the war and rationing . Those times remind me a bit of now . Prices are going up and we need to go back to basics . Thank you for this good book . I received the book quickly and looking forward to cooking out of it everyday .
 I 've been teaching `` A Separate Peace '' in my sophomore English classroom for many years and have always decorated my room to fit the wartime era of that novel -LRB- 1942-1943 -RRB- , using movie posters , newspaper front pages , propaganda posters as well as playing music of the era . This year I chose to also bring the reality of rationing to my students and went in search of a cookbook to do the job . `` Grandma 's Wartime Baking Book '' did just that.In addition to dozens of recipes , the author also provides plenty of stories , insights , and excerpts from period publications . For example , here 's a conservation tip from the 1943 publication `` Your Share ''
 I bought this for my daughter as a gift , but when it arrived , I had a hard time parting with it!I especially enjoyed all the history in the book , very facinating , and have made quite a few recipes from it , all turning out wonderfully.Beautiful coffee table book as well .
 Stampp 's aim in writing this book was not to provide the complete and comprehensive last word on the subject of the American enslavement of Africans and their American descendents , nor to empathize with the oppressed slaves , nor to apologize for slavery , nor to echo the `` voices '' of slaves , nor to place it in the context of slavery around the world throughout human history -LRB- all of which are worthy topics which have been -LRB- and continue to be -RRB- addressed by other historians.Stampp 's aim was to provide information lacking -LRB- in 1955 , and still scant fifty years later -RRB- as to the nature of the institution itself , AS an American institution -LRB- which it certainly was up until its final -LRB- and sloppily inefficient -RRB- dismantling beginning 1863 -LRB- in the midst of the civil war -RRB- . The `` Peculiar '' Insitution -LRB- so dubbed by slave owners themselves , in secret -LRB- and embarrassed -RRB- acknowledgement of the sheer hypocrisy of this institution . Stampp does not attack the morality of slavery , nor does he `` witness '' the evils of slavery through statements of slaves or abolitionists -LRB- he is not writing a polemic -RRB- ; instead he provides us with something far more useful
 Professor Stampp 's book on American Slavery was published in 1956 -- two years after the Supreme Court 's decision in Brown v Board of Education and at the beginning of the American Civil Rights Movement . At the time of its publication , the book was recognized as a seminal study of America 's `` peculiar institution '' . Time has not changed the value of the book.The book attacks a picture of the Old South that attained wide currency after Reconstruction and was carried through American culture in works such as , for example , Gone With the Wind -- that plantation slavery was a benign institution , part of an agrarian way of life , that was accepted by both slave and master . Professor Stampp shows that slavery had an economic , commercial basis , that it was resisted by slaves overtly and covertly , and that led to squalor , cruelty and suffering by the slaves . The peculiar institution does not merit sentimintality in any form.In reading the book a half-century after its publication , and with some benefit of having read subsequent studies , I was struck with the moderate tone of the book . Yes , there were humane masters in an inhumane system and yes , there were variants in time and place . Stampp gives these variants their due , perhaps more than modern students would be inclined to do.I was stuck with the tone of slavery 's defenders , pre Civil War and thereafter , describing the institution as `` patriarchal '' . Not only is that description in error , as Stampp shows , but for readers in a time beyond the mid 1950s , it is hardly a compliment to call a society `` patriarchal '' , even if it deserved this characterization.There has been a great deal of writing since the publication of this book on matters such as the nature of the slave trade , the presence , or lack of it , of an indigenous culture among the slaves , and the economic viability of slavery . These studies add to the picture that Professor Stampp has drawn.This is an essential book for the understanding of our Nation 's history . Those looking for an introduction to the Ante-Bellum South could not do better than to read this book .
 This is a fabulous resource for educators . It is a straight to the point account of slavery . I use it often to teach the Civil War era . It is one of those books that reads like fiction . Super !
 The Peculiar Institution is a detailed , logical book but it does not hold one 's interest well . It is difficult to stay focused when attempting to wade through the details . Stampp addresses every issue , including the food eaten by slaves and how they ate it.There is not much prior knowledge expected of the reader . Stampp addresses the information he intends to disprove . For example , he shows that not all slaves wanted to escape their chains since many believed God wanted them to serve their masters.The sources used not only maintained Stampp 's credibility , it added perspective . The slave owner 's diaries and the diaries of the slaves were utilized and helped project everyone involved as human instead of the monsters they are depicted as in elementary school.It is interesting to take into account the time period in which this book was written , right after Brown v. Board and at the beginning of the civil rights movement . In a time when Gone With the Wind 's pro-South sentiment was a popular way to remember the Civil War , Stampp 's book must have changed many opinions.Overall , this is a useful history of slavery .
 In the mid-1950s , Jim Crow was still commonplace in the South , Brown vs. Board of Education made integration mandatory , and blacks refused to move to the `` back of the bus , '' leading the United States Supreme Court to condemn Alabama 's segregated public transportation . Morrison Professor of History Emeritus at the University of California at Berkeley , and a specialist in nineteenth-century history , Kenneth M. Stampp wrote The Peculiar Institution ; Slavery in the Ante-bellum South during the infancy of the civil rights movement . Stampp 's book refutes the Gone With the Wind view of the paternalistic slaveowner and his `` cheerful and acquiescent '' bondsmen . -LRB- 86 -RRB- Southern slaveowners rationalized the ownership of black human beings for more than a century , and with greater vigor as the institution increasingly fell from acceptance in more liberal societies . Pro-slavery writers used `` religious , historical , scientific , and sociological arguments to demonstrate that slavery was a positive good for both Negroes and whites . '' -LRB- 383 -RRB- Stampp assumes the burden of proof , and meets each of these arguments head-on with irrefutable evidence taken from first person sources
 One of the main reasons I picked up The Peculiar Institution was to learn why a nation that was founded on the basis of a popular government would then turn around and aggressively import African slaves . The book tells of the creation of the institution of slavery in the New World as something that evolved , rather than something that European settlers consciously constructed.It also does a good job of discussing the demographics and economics of slavery . Only a small number of white people in the south owned slaves , and those that did usually owned just one . Yet , because ownership of the vast majority of slaves was concentrated in the hands of a few , most slaves lived on huge plantations . Because slave labor was so cheap , business managers would frequently choose to buy or lease out slaves for work . This forced free labor to compete with the slaves for jobs and wages declined.These portions of the book are utterly fascinating , and I could n't put the book down . However , there was a bit more than I really cared to know about the average diet of slaves , and it seemed to belabor the rather obvious fact that free whites were usually able to commit violent crimes against black slaves with impunity . In these sections the book dragged a bit , and I felt that the author would have done the reader a favor by cutting a few of the 400 + pages .
 If you are a `` lay reader '' first venturing into a study of Southern slavery , then this may not be the place to start . However , for scholars , students , and those with a foundation in the topic , Stampp 's `` Peculiar Institution '' is a must-read . Admittedly , his writing is deep , yet it is vital and relevant . Stamp is a myth-buster busting myths with first-hand quotes , statistics , and primary sources . For an understanding of the true , and tormenting , nature of American slavery , `` Slavery in the Ante-Bellum South '' is an excellent resource.Reviewer
 A major landmark on slavery , Stampp 's book is too often judged harshly by current standards . The controversial line in the Preface , '' ... Negroes are , after all , only white men with black skins '' obviously falls short in terms of culture , identity and power relations . But back in 1956 , asserting equality among peoples was a big advance in understanding compared to Ulrich Phillips ' work . Exhaustively using the same kinds of plantation sources as Phillips , Stampp revived the neo-abolitionist interpretation and reshaped our view of US slavery , crafting a book that remains the essential starting point for all later work . Further advances built upon this achievement , notably by using direct slave testimony -LRB- personal narratives , the WPA oral histories -RRB- , but the perspective of later studies such as J. Blassingame , `` The Slave Community '' and E. Genovese , `` Roll Jordan Roll '' is similarly sympathetic to those held in bondage . The other main shortcoming is that Stampp deals mostly with the 1830-60 period while assuming it represented the overall experience of American enslavement , which it did not . It is still a monument of 20th-century historiography by any standard .
 This work was a turning point in historiography of slavery in America . As such , I find it essential to a personal collection of American Civil War history books .
 This book was excellent since Mr.Stampp does n't impress his conclusions on the reader but rather presents a landscape of the ante-bellum south inwhich the reader can for there own opinion .
 This book is written in a style similar to `` The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire '' , `` The Wealth of Nations '' and `` The Origin of Species '' -- That manner is the machine gun-like statement of fact after fact . Stampp intends to and does limit his discussion to the impact of Black slavery upon Blacks in anAnglo-Saxon world . He does not venture much into arguments that slavery or serfdom existed until the 19th century in Eastern Europe as well as in Africa itself and some of the Arab world . Nor does Stampp tell anything of the great harm done the greater society . He does go into the economics of slavery a bit - enough to see the future . It is quite evident that slavery was on the way out and the Civil War pushed up the date perhaps 10 or 20 years . He does not go much into the moral ambiguity among the White civilization . Thomas Jefferson believed the presence of the Blacks in North America was a mortal danger.Perhaps Stampp has done the best thing in leaving unsaid thetragedy visited upon Western civilization in favor of the tragedy visited upon the slaves , with some small discussion of the `` why '' of Black presence and the `` why '' of Black slavery.His attention placed as it is lends greater purity to the history . The weakness of the book is any attention to happiness which slaves , perhaps a minority of slaves , enjoyed.This absence tends the book toward a work of propaganda rather than an history . Stampp 's book is worth reading . It should not be taken as the whole story , not by a long shot !
 I agree with other reviewers that this book is good . Good , but not to be taken , in my opinion , as the final authority on the subject . Prof. Stampp does not give enough detail concerning his credentials on this subject , and the other thing I object to in general is not that this book exists , but that , like so many others , it concentrates on the institution in the South , and glosses over the role played by our Northern brethren -LRB- who btw had much more racist opinions of blacks than southerners at that time as evidenced by their restrictive laws - and why the underground railway ended in Canada and not in a northern state -RRB- in buying and transporting these poor souls for profit and fortunes -LRB- all of which they and their heirs got to KEEP , not like in the South where all was lost -RRB- , and the roles played by just about every nation at the time , not to mention the 500 years of slavery the black man suffered under the Islamic rule.Anyone really interested in the subject should be required to read Rawick 's ` The American Slave ' based on the Slave Narratives which are interviews taken from actual former slaves during the 1930 's . This is hearing it from the horses ' mouth , so to speak , for the good and bad aspects.Personally , my studies have brought me to believe that if handed the situation of slavery -LRB- which of course I would never have permitted in the first place -RRB- , that immediate freedom ultimately was a great injustice to blacks . Given the situation at hand , blacks today would be much better off had slavery first been regulated so that it could have been gradually phased out in an organized and deliberate manner instead of people being ` turned out to pasture like cattle ' with no education , no way of livelihood , and at a time when the entire South -LRB- even whites -RRB- were hard pressed to make a living . I , myself , could write a book on this subject , but suffice it to say that this is why I believe we have suffering today among blacks that are the result of parentless or fatherless homes , lack of education , lack of respect , and lack of culture . It has only been about 4 or 5 generations since the end of slavery , and the first 3 of these not much progress was made because everyone was living poorly . This is not that long of time to right such a terrible wrong , and the correct and best way of righting it might not have necessarily been to seek the fastest and most immediate .
 This was a very interesting book about a little known woman in history . An amazing true story and an interesting search for the story by the author . A great book for anyone interested in the history of the Amazon River area .
 This literate city follows with enthusiasm , the entropy and self contained decline within all things John E. Douglas.Today we publically celebrate Amazon.coms 20th anniversary , with John nowhere to be found . Sadly at Barnes & Noble , among the bottom feeders he begs . Upon a low traffic floor shelf , squeezed between his FBI founders favorite pastime , and Mother Natures firm hand , a fossil record of John Douglas .
 The book is a good read - - interesting cases and I know that this is the best book to date on the Ramsey case -LRB- not counting the Ramseys ' own book which I think is in a class by itself -RRB- . I finished studying the Ramsey chapter late last night and have to say it was the most informative and real description of the case released to date . I am calling now to find out if he will be signing books in my area - I want to go thank him for his honesty and persistance even when there was public pressure to be quiet.All of the chapters are good - but my addiction is Ramsey - - and for anyone following THAT case , this is a MUST read . He has met the Ramseys , as I have , and he has met the same innocent people I have.He has studied the evidence , spoken to many of the people who are VERY lose to the case and has come to the most logical conclusions - and he explains them in a way anyone can understand.A must read !
 After reading this book , I 'm convinced the little Ramsey son murdered his sister . He did it out of jealousy because Patsy Ramsey lavished all her attention and love on Jonbenet . That would explain the extremely juvenile `` ransom '' note , the fact that Jonbenet 's body was dragged instead of carried , the fact that John Ramsey 's best friend turned against him after he caught him , red-handed - trying to cover up evidence , etc , etc. . John and Patsy Ramsey looked guilty because they were trying to protect their son from facing the consequences of his crime .
 The Cases That Haunt Us is the first book that I 've read by John Douglas and Mark Olshaker , but it definetly wo n't be the last . This book was a really great read , featuring such cases as Jack the Ripper , Zodiac , and the JonBenet Ramsey murder.I think that Douglas was very insightful while going over the cases , telling us what occured -LRB- to the knowledge of those working the case -RRB- and giving us possible explanations -LRB- no matter how improbable -RRB- . I highly recommend this book , especially if you enjoy reading cold cases . Happy reading !
 I 'm not a reader ... too busy with college , etc. . BUT , I could not stop reading this book . I thought it was extremely interesting and well written .
 This is one of the most logical , well thought out analyses I have ever read about those mysterious cases we are still obsessed with .
 John Douglas and Mark Olshaker have done an excellent job with `` The Cases That Haunt Us '' . I was familiar with most of the cases they covered , excepting the Bembenek travesty , and I found the summaries of the cases excellent and their analysis quite compelling.I was pleased that my totally amateur analysis of the Lindbergh case agreed with theirs.Everyone who is absolutely sure they know who killed JonBenet Ramsey should be forced to sit and read the chapter on that infamous and tragic case.If I have a quibble with any of John Douglas ' books , it is the boosterism that tends to appear on the covers , calling him in this case
 I found this book interesting in the sense that we all know these cases but there are certain aspects that seem to have been overlooked . Maybe they just were n't interesting enough for tv I do n't know . But in this review of some horrific cases we see the mindhunter disect them in a comprehensive way that opens the books on these cases and lays them out in a consice way . Excellant look into these case . Although I feel the opinion of the mindhunter may not be what others may feel is what really happened , but keep your minds open and let the information speak for itself .
 A masterpiece from the world 's leading criminal profiler . Like very few of us who read about it , Douglas has done it -- he 's lived inside the mind of evil and that is how he is able to paint such disturbing portraits of evil . How he has remained sane through all of this is a puzzle to me . Superb book !! I recommend it to all true crime fans .
 The cases that haunt us is a mesmerizing read . I did not put it down until I finished it . I have read all of Douglas 's & Olshaker 's books , and as usual the information presented in the book is well researched . The book is well-written and Douglas 's behavioral analysis on each of the subjects is brilliant . What I found most compelling was the way in which Douglas and Olshaker paint a vivid picture of life during the times of the Ripper , Borden and Lindbergh cases . In this essence , the book was quite visual . This book is a must read for any Douglas fan or anyone wishing to experience his expertise for the first time .
 My title says it all . I thought the details , the perspectives , the obvious professional experience of the authors provided amazing case insight . very well written .
 but does n't necessarily shed new light on them . The first difficulty is Mr. Douglas 's massive ego . The second problem is that , regardless of how unbiased he thinks he is , he can not look at these cases with a fresh eye . I found myself disagreeing with almost all of his `` most likely '' suspects and felt that he disregarded relevant information because it did n't fit his theories . I do think that if Mr. Douglas had profiled these cases with no preconceived notions , the outcome would have been significantly different.The book is an interesting look at several famous cases , but do n't expect to know whodunit when you finish this book .
 As die-hard true crime buff I have read most of FBI top profiler John E. DOUGLAS ' books , so THE CASES THAT HAUNT US was mandatory reading for me.This time , he revisits some of the most shocking and infamous crimes of the last 120 years , and takes a new approach towards them utilizing modern criminal behavioral analysis and profiling . The book offers a vast array of cases in chronological order , starting with the notorious prostitue killer Jack the Ripper in 1889 's London 's Eastend , and encompassing 1892 's Lizzie BORDEN case -LRB- BORDEN was tried for murdering her father and stepmother with an axe , but aquitted -RRB- , the tragic case of the LINDBERG kidnapping and the horrifying deeds of the Zodiac killer , a Californian serial killer of the late 1960ies/early 1970ies , up to the murder of six-year old JonBenet RAMSEY on Christmas Eve 1996 -LRB- the only case in the book in which DOUGLAS was personally involved -RRB- . It is true that several cases were never solved with no perpetrator brought to justice , and it is impossible to prove DOUGLAS 's conclusions one way or another . Often decades have passed , and none of the people involved in the crime are alive . However DOUGLAS ' conclusions are based on experiences and knowledge gained in a long career in law enforcement as profiler and head of the FBI 's Investigative Support Unit -LRB- ISU -RRB- . His observations and conclusions are absolutely convincing . Needless to say that they often contradict popular perceptions of particular cases . Take for example the Jack the Ripper case - I do n't want to repeat here what the authors have to say -LRB- and hereby spoil your reading pleasure -RRB- , but unsurprisingly the killer in DOUGLAS ' view is NOT the type of `` glamourous '' murder -LRB- like Prince Eddie , the Duke of Clarence , supported by some kind of fancy conspirators -RRB- so often found in books and films about this haunting crime.DOUGLAS ` in-depth analysis of the cases with meticulous attention to details makes for fascinating reading.My favorite chapters are the ones on Jack the Ripper and the horrible murder of JonBenet RAMSEY.There are some pictures in the books , but with the exception of some maps I did not find them very helpful or interesting.The book is well-written . If you are a true crime fan like me , you will dig it !
 John Douglas spent 25 years profiling for the FBI . In the book Mindhunter we learned about his exploits in that capacity.In this book however Douglas turns the pages of history giving us the inside scoop of `` what really happened '' in some of history 's most intriguing crime cases.JACK THE RIPPERIn the most thorough treatment I 've yet read , Douglas describes the murders themselves and tells us how a profiler would use those details . Gone sadly are the really interesting theories like maybe someone from the Royal household did it.But left is the even more tragic notion that Jack the Ripper was just a common ordinary sort , unusual only in his contempt for women . Properly , Douglas shows that modern apprehension techniques would of course have identified Jack long before he claimed his last victim.LIZZIE BORDENAs with Jack the Ripper , Douglas recounts the details . `` Someone '' used an axe to hatchet Lizzie 's father over twenty times and her step mother over ten . Following how Lizzie interacted with investigator 's early on , Douglas tells the believable story of a woman who litterally got away with murder because a prejudices that a woman could n't not have killed like she did and also of course the fact that Lizzie Borden had an enormous amount of money to use in her defense.THE LINDBERGH KIDNAPPINGLike all good books , this one provides an additional insight on this case that I had n't thought of before
 This book is great . Mr. Douglas is obviously a very credible researcher and he is also a very good author . From Jack The Ripper to The Zodiac Killer , from Lizzie Borden to the Boston Strangler this book is covering all the great unsolved cases of the last century.I 'm giving this book 4 stars because of two things
 I work for a state investigatory agency , so these books always catch my interest . I was familiar with the famous `` Mindhunter '' , but not so much with his literary works . I can say that I picked up a TON of useful knowledge that can be applied to my own job.On a case-by-case basis , I would agree with some of the NEGATIVE reviews that he may have been a little self-aggrandizing during the Ramsey chapter . I found it a little long and tedious and a little too much about him and not enough about what actually happened . I found the potential scenarios at the end to be the best part of that chapter.As far as the other chapters go , they were all fascinating . I learned so much that I never knew about any of the cases before . I never knew about the trial of Lizzie Borden , or the details of the Lindbergh baby kidnapping , etc. . The only case I had any familiarity with was the Bambi case , which makes sense because I 'm in Wisconsin . My favorite chapter was the Zodiac Killer chapter . I truly learned a lot . I like how each chapter pretty much gave the story 's background , then how the case was handled , and then what he would have done in the case . I really liked it.I read this book with my longtime reading partner , and this was a tangent from the books we usually read . We both liked it , but she was more into the stories , and I was more into the analysis of what the Mindhunter would have done . That 's what made this book really good to me ... and gave us more to talk about .
 A very interesting analysis of a number of famous crimes which includes a review of available facts and some probable perpetrators using profiling interpretations and what makes sense and what does n't . These two authors work well together and have written some fascinating books . As to the crimes addressed in this one , some were very familiar to me and others were not . I have never read much about Jack the Ripper and enjoyed learning about what the murders actually involved and gained some information about the time period . The conclusions in this book make sense to me . On the other hand , I have read everything that I have been able to find about Lizzie Borden and came to the same conclusions that this book comes to . The Lindbergh kidnappings are another one that I have only heard of and I found the conclusions were logical and provided information about what can happen when law enforcement does n't keep control of an investigation . John Douglas is truly a genius in the area of crime analysis and profiling . As with most fields of endeavor , this one is part science and part art and his skills obviously include both arenas . Having also read a lot about JonBenet Ramsey , I think he is wrong in his conclusions about this crime . Before I read this book , I assumed that he was co-opted by the money that he was paid by the parents to consult about who killed this little girl . Having read this book , I have changed my mind . I think what happened is that he liked the parents too much to be objective . They probably have a lot in common , being fairly wealthy , educated , Caucasian people . I found myself shaking my head at some of the conclusions that were drawn that seem to be in opposition to the evidence . I highly recommend this book to all who are interested in true crime and how investigations are completed . Whether a person agrees with the conclusions or not , a person will definitely learn a lot about the process and the dangers to be avoided if the right person or persons is to be brought to justice .
 A very good book , hard to put down . I was hoping Mr. Douglas was going to tell us the who-dun-it in each case , but most of the cases are very old , and instead , he told us how he would have handled them with today 's technology and personality profiling . Still , very interesting .
 I went into this book for the JonBenet Ramsey chapter , thinking John Douglas had sold out to the Ramseys when they hired him to consult on their case . But I have to say , JD changed my mind . I no longer believe the Ramseys killed their own daughter.JD brought a fresh and enlightening viewpoint to the Ripper case and convinced me Scotland Yard had their man , but could n't prove it . The Zodiac chapter was also nicely done . I would have to say the Lindbergh kidnapping was the hardest chapter to get through . It 's hard to make old cases fresh if there is n't compelling new information . Good read for the crime buff .
 Let me start off by saying that I 've read all of John Douglas 's books and that excepting Mindhunter and The Anatomy of Motive , this is perhaps the most interesting since it combines two of my greatest passions
 I could n't wait to read this book , and when I started it , I could n't put it down . Douglas is a master profiler , and he covered the cases that have most interested me , JonBenet Ramsey , Lizzie Borden and the Black Dahlia . Those are the three cases that have `` haunted '' me . Although I never was much interested in the Ripper murders and thought I had heard and read all I really wanted about the Lindbergh kidnapping , I found Douglas ' perspective to be incredibly interesting . What he does is what any professional person should do ; he looks at the evidence , the victim and the details of the crime and puts aside emotional aspects that cause people to `` jump to conclusions '' without being objective .
 This book gives an inside look into some of histories most watched cases . Written from the perspective of those on the inside you get a look into what its like to have to deal with these horrors first hand .
 Provides an in-depth analysis of some of the sickest minds of our time . Well written and presented in a format that leaves the reader wanting more .
 Another great book by John Douglas and Mark Olshaker . Gives you an inside look at some famous cases and makes you wonder .
 This book has informed me of things I have never known . I watch a lot of crime shows but Mark and John go behind the scenes and explain how the actual process works . The difficulties of solving a crime and making sure you have the right person . Very interesting read . Could not put it down .
 If you 're looking for good insights on criminal behaviour , this is it . I liked it and learned a few things I had n't already explored .
 John Douglas provides new insights into old cases that have held our interest through the years . He carefully de-structures crime scenes , profiles key suspects , and creates the victimology with the skill of a commanding storyteller . These stories are haunting because they 're true . A great read for fans of Douglas and a great intro for readers who are new to his books .
 Finally , a true crime book that takes the evidence into account . Douglas in this book presents the facts and from them logically presents his theory on who the killers were . There is no wild conspiracy theories , just conclusions based on the evidence.Refreshing too is the conclusion he makes in the Ripper case that the Ripper was ***** or some one with these traits .
 I feel this is the most interesting true crime book I 've ever read . It 's full of interesting history along with the crime . Douglas lays out all the details in a clear step by step manner . He comes to conclusions that appear so obvious that when you 're done , you wonder how anyone missed them . Everyone I 've lent this book to loves it also.Douglas and Olshaker do a wonderful job of gathering the many and sundry details on each case into clear and concise chapters . I 've read up on many of these cases before - in much longer books - and not got all the details I get gathered together right here . The authors then tie up the details into a neat package and Douglas gives his analysis of the crime . He addresses the different theories floating around and makes a strong case for his opinion . My favorite chapter is the one on Lizzy Borden .
 Excellent book by the master profiler , John Douglas . He examines famous cases : Jack the RipperLizzie BordenThe Lindbergh KidnappingThe Zodiac KillerThe Jon Benet Ramsey MurderAnd , in a chapter called `` American Dreams/American Nightmares , '' he briefly covers these other famous cases : The Black DahliaLawrencia `` Bambi '' BembenekThe Boston StranglerAt the end , he offers a `` Perspectives '' chapter , musing on why these cases continue to haunt us.It 's an interesting book overall , and if you like true crime , there 's no better place to read about it here , from the master profiler himself , John Douglas .
 John Douglas is a great investigator and actually does most of the writing in this book . His writing style is surprisingly well polished and entertaining . If you studied Psychology -LRB- as I did -RRB- this book is a must read if you have any interest in the criminal or forensic side . His analysis of the Jon Benet Ramsey case is very controversial but it is the high light of this book . It forced me to do a complete 180 and I believe that his conclusions are right on the mark . I know someone that worked at the FBI while he was there and his reputation is genuine though not superhuman . In real life , the Behavioral Sciences Unit ca n't contribute on many occassions because there is n't enough initial data . If there is n't much to go on from the beginning or if its a random act they are n't able to construct a viable profile . That said , Douglas has almost single handedly created a new field that has provided immense value and his is a brilliant person . This is a book for people that do n't mind immersing themselves in something for several days until its done .
 A true crime buff , I enjoyed this cross-section of cases , as presented by a longtime detective . The cases , which include Jack the Ripper , the Zodiac Killer , Lizzie Borden , and JonBenet Ramsey , are presented in a straightforward , factual manner , which nonetheless manages to give readers a sense of understanding about the victims -- and the killers , too.Even if you are n't really into true crime , I 'd recommend picking up this book -- it 's important to know about some of the most well-known crimes in history , which in turn shaped popular culture and society .
 I initially picked this book up to read what John Douglas had to say about the Jonbenet Ramsey case . I 'll comment on that as well . But the remainder of the book was just as interesting and engaging . Well researched , balanced , very well written and non-biased . Douglas never disappoints.But best of all , he is among the first I know of to go against the ` court of public opinion ' and to remind us that we have a doctrine in this country entitled `` innocent until proven guilty . '' He clarifies why we would be well served to allow the Ramsey 's that basic right . I agree with his conclusions about the Ramsey 's innocence and am grateful for his public stance in stating what the facts bear out rather than going along with a media-made popular and well oiled agency strategy intended to cover up departmental blunders.Imagine the collective apology as a culture we will owe the Ramsey family when we discover that Douglas is right.Thanks John Douglas , for your hard work , your excellent book and your integrity in standing up for a family that is -LRB- carefully and understandably cautiously -RRB- doing everything within their power to solve the tragic murder of their young child . If your readers ever find themselves in the position of the Ramsey family , and they certainly could , I hope they are so lucky as to encounter investigative professionals as well informed and courageous as you .
 FBI veteran John Douglas -LRB- with Mark Olshaker -RRB- takes a detailed , analytical look at several infamous crimes including Jack the Ripper , Lizzie Borden , The Lindbergh Baby , Zodiac Killer , Joan Benet-Ramsey , etc. . Only two of these crimes were solved , and even then some wondered if justice had prevailed . As an FBI agent Douglas has tracked killers via investigative techniques and personality profiling . Here he strives to establish truth without any seeming prejudices . Of course , establishing the truth in difficult cases is n't easy , and the result is many best guesses by the author . I found parts of their book to be a bit staid or long-winded , but a good investigator needs to be thorough . I particularly liked the coverage of the Lindbergh Kidnapping , where Douglas concludes that Bruno Hauptman was almost certainly guilty -LRB- he was hanged -RRB- but probably had accomplices -LRB- something the court doubted -RRB- . I was n't quite convinced in a couple other cases -LRB- like JonBenet Ramsey -RRB- , but Douglas ' approach remains logical and persuasive . Also , if Olshaker was not just co-author but co-investigator let 's give him credit too . If you like thorough investigations and do n't mind a detailed read , this book may be for you .
 Please do n't be duped by the ad hominem arguments of the negative reviews against the person of John Douglas . They tell you NOTHING about this book . Read it and make up your own mind . Seriously , the `` disagreements '' -LRB- they do n't even rise to the dignity of being called disagreements but I have to call them something -RRB- are based on prejudiced condemnations of Jonbenet 's parents . Their arguments are inductive conspiracy-like nonsense that want answers where there are none . They claim Douglas is arrogant . Defending one 's self is not arrogant but even if it were , so what ? One can be arrogant and right at the same time . Also arrogance is an inflated view of one 's self , read the book , his estimations of his own abilities are backed up by facts and an overall authoritative countenance . I bought this book not caring at all about the Jonbenet Ramsey case , I knew only a little more about John Douglas having read `` Mindhunter '' and enjoyed it . His arguments absolving Jon Ramsey are practically air tight and his defense of Patsy leaves his -LRB- Douglas 's -RRB- opponents looking very foolish . He even starts the chapter defending himself against the ridiculous claims that you can read right here on Amazon ; read the eight lame one star reviews that are currently on here and try not to laugh.The reason why I picked the book up was for the Jack the Ripper case thinking that applying criminal psychological profiling could be an interesting approach . I have never burned through a book faster . I mention in my reviews frequently that I have ADD and dyslexia and I do n't want to keep beating that drum but it means a lot to me to read a book that keeps my attention . I have a friend at work who never reads and when I let him read it he could not put it down either . Truly a gratifying experience to read this . His conclusions are responsible , he will say when profiling does not give answers and in the case of the Zodiac he deliberately withholds the name of his primary suspect for just that reason . If you are familiar with these cases already you probably can go to a book store and skim this because he assumes you do n't know everything about the cases so seasoned veterans of the subject have some things to gain but may be bored with his historical approach . His conclusion on Jack the Ripper is very compelling and is just part of a really well written book . I envy you if you know little about these cases and this is your introduction you are in for a Hell of a ride . Very , very good read , enjoy !
 An excellent book . There is nobody writing today who is more insightful on the subject of profiling and catching murderers.I notice most people who gave him one-star reviews were those who did n't believe his opinion that the Ramseys were innocent . I used to think they were guilty , but the news was just released that DNA from an intruder was found inside and outside JonBenet 's underwear and they are working on a genetic profile of the real killer . Vindication for the author 's unpopular opinion on this topic .
 Douglas and Olshaker have done their usual stellar job in recounting several famous unsolved murders and approaching them from a 21st century perspective . They strip away all the sensationalism that surrounded these cases and focus in on the profiling that has proven correct so many times . What kind of person would have committed this crime ? In this particular way , leaving behind these particular clues ? This book has the some of the answers.The cases given such scrutiny are London 's Jack the Ripper murders , Lizzie Borden and the hatchet murders of her father and step-mother , the kidnapping and murder of the Lindbergh baby , California 's Zodiac killer , and the JonBenet Ramsey murder . Other cases encapsulated in one chapter illustrating the power of motive to make or break a case are the Black Dahlia homicide , the Lawrencia Bembeneck case , and the Boston Strangler killings.It is fascinating to get to the heart of the matter , especially in the Ripper and Borden cases , and zero in on `` just the facts '' of who was there who had the motive , means , and opportunity to commit these crimes in this particular way ? In the days before criminal profiling and behavioral analysis , it seemed as though it must be a crazed fiend running around killing people . Certainly not a God-fearing , Sunday School teacher of good family bashing in the heads of the parents to obtain a higher level of existence for herself . That speaks strongly to motive
 This is a great premise
 This is a fascinating read.The idea behind this book is that John Douglas and Mark Olshanker look at some of the unsolved cases through out history that have continued to be of interest to the public . Through the evidence and accounts of each crime , they try to apply the FBI behavioral science that has been developed since these crimes as a way to ` solve ' each crime.Beginning with Jack the Ripper and ending with the Jon Benet-Ramsey murder with a wide variety of unsolved , famous crimes in between this book is just plain fascinating . They begin with a description of the crime , the crime scene and the people involved . Then they begin to explain and catagorize what they can learn from the known facts on hand . They explore possible solutions that have been provided by other authors and try to decide if these solutions fit the crime through a behavioral science point of view . They then provide what they think might be the appropriate solution.One thing I appreciated about this book was that these authors constantly stress that they can not prove their solution is correct , only that it fits what they know to be facts and the behavior science views . They do not belittle other authors or police , in fact , they are constantly praising the good job the police have done in each case . The stress that this is an exact science at best due to it being a behavioral science and a people science.Another thing I appreciated about this book was that it was peppered with a variety of cases that the author had personally worked on and stories of criminal the author had personally interviewed . Rather than being distracting , these short stories only support his theories and go a long ways to explaining exactly what the authors are talking about.I rated this a four mainly for one reason
 Many readers may want to read this book to read about John solving these cases that have gone unsolved , but that is not the case . Once again , John Douglas has created a masterpiece that gives great intellicetual insight to these unsolved cases and gives his opinions and theories as to what happened . He also comments and gives insight to the cases he actually was involved in . Even though there are no clear cut answers to these cases , he does provide a lot of thought provking facts that make you really think `` who did it '' ... if you know anything about John Douglas and the work his unit does , you would know he does not name suspects , ever . He simply provides the behavioral profile of the individual -LRB- s -RRB- who committed the crime and then later on can compare his profile to the apprehended suspect.Great read , I could n't put it down and highly suggest that if this is your bag , READ IT !!
 This book is very imformative and really enjoying this . It goes in to the acual crimes . It can be graghfic , but yet it has alot of imformation on the behaviors of serial killers . John Douglas , I feel , know what he is talking about and will back it up in his profiling skills . Not everyone is 100 % correct all the time , but John Douglas does know his profiling . I would recommend this book to anyone looking for information in behavior analysis and how to profile . It is a good read and does not get dull .
 John Douglas and Mark Olshaker strike another home run with the newest book about true crime cases . This book is different though in that it provides a profiling look at famous cases from the long ago past and not so long ago . Lizzie Borden , Baby Lindberg , and Zodiac , among several others . I 've read all of the books on profiling these authors have written and have found each one informative and interesting . I bought this book for myself but I 'm buying several copies to send to friends . Another `` must read '' for those who want to have more insight into the killer mind than the daily newspapers provide . I 've learned a lot about what to be aware of in my own enviornment and what crime scenes reveal about the `` personality '' of the killer . To John Douglas and Mark Olshaker - Bravo !
 Wow ! This book was very enjoyable . John Douglas , with his usual serious yet cocky flair , proceeds to recap some of the most famous crimes in history . He covers Jack the Ripper , Lizzie Borden , the Zodiac , The JonBenet Ramsey murder , the Lindbergh Baby , Black Dahlia , the Boston Strangler , and a few more . He does n't proceed to recap OJ Simpson or other cases which have received more than their fair share of attention , with the exception of the JonBenet Ramsey case , and this one I think he covers because he feels that the media misrepresented the parents . He gives background of what happened , the accused and their important behavioral traits , trials -LRB- if any -RRB- and a profile of what the killer would have been like . Fascinating stuff!I like John Douglas . The writing style of his books , including occasional profanity inserted for emphasis , really keeps your attention . He is not overly graphic , yet does n't sugar-coat a thing . And although he does seem to like himself an awful lot , he does not profess to be an expert on all subjects , only those he can back up with skills and experience . This book will intrigue you and keep your interest from cover to cover.One thing I would have changed about this book - I would have added a few more unsolved cases . Perhaps lesser known , yet equally intriguing cases would have been a good addition to this book . It just seemed to be too short a book to me !
 I 've read some , but not a lot on almost all the cases in this book . I found this fascinating reading , partially because Douglas gives us an edited view into a world most of us are interested in , but really do n't want to be immersed in . He has admitted before that his job took a familial and health toll on him , and most of us recognize that we would even be less prepared for what this ` world ' requires of those who work in it.The stories/cases are especially interesting because of the insight which Douglas can give . I thought the histories of the Ripper and Borden cases were especially good . I had no idea of the historical and social context of the area in London where the Ripper resided , and the lack of forensic evidence does not seem to interfere much with the common sense with which Douglas proposes specific possible suspects.As others have said , all I read on the Jon Benet murder was from the slanted information given through the media . Plus as a mother , I was horrified by the dressing up of this little girl to look like someone older than she was . Douglas provides a different point of view with validity , that I do n't see being portrayed in the media . We definitely should not be trying people though the media ... we can not possibly know all the facts , especially when others involved -LRB- including the police , the FBI , friends of the family , etc. -RRB- all provide divergent views . I am not sure what I believe at this point , but I think I will reserve judgement in most cases from now on and also curtail my exposure to the news media 's take on cases like this ... As usual , Douglas and company write a good , and intelligent book for readers . I get a huge kick out of his snide remarks ... he tends to write as he thinks and as he talks , which makes it more accessible.Karen Sadler , University of Pittsburgh
 I am just as guilty as most in that I thought I had the Jon Benet Ramsey case solved . This book , and the excellent analysis it provided into the mind of killers , proves that you should not jump to conclusions before you have all the facts . This case , and the others in the book , provided valuable information into the minds of different types of killers . It will prove invaluable in making analysis of cases to come . Super work and very easy to read .
 I really enjoyed reading this book and learning how FBI profilers work . I especially enjoyed the segment on the JonBenet Ramsey murder .
 I like true-crime analysis and the older cases were interesting ... Details were given and opinions were explored as were possible suspects . I felt sorry for Charles Lindbergh and his wife . The Ramsey case still baffles me and the `` police procedures gone wrong '' is a scary thought ... It made me wonder if a lot of the killers had actually really died or if they are still lurking out there wanting to kill again .
 I actually listened to this on an unabridged audio tape . It was a facinating trip to take . The author brought logic to the cases I 've read about . He brings out facts I 've never known and his deductions are compelling . It was well worth reading . I do believe he felt some loyalty to the Ramseys though , even though his deductions make sense .
 I own all but one of Douglas 's profiling books . This one strikes me as being written to write a book rather than being written because Douglas has something he wants to tell us . Nevertheless , I liked it . He actually named a suspect in the Ripper murders and nailed Bruno Hauptmann for the Lindbergh baby kidnapping . Certain of the reviewers have excoriated Douglas for favoring the parents in the Ramsey case . It 's one thing to disagree , even to say someone 's opinion is garbage . It 's another entirely to slander someone 's good name by stating he was motivated by money in this case . Douglas says he would give up the Ramseys in a heartbeat if he thought they were at all guilty and I have no cause to doubt that . Steve Thomas 's book postulates that JonBenet was bludgeoned in a fit of rage and the garotte was part of the staging . Douglas says a crushing blow to the head would cause a lot of bleeding and lack of blood means she was garotted first . He does not answer several critical points raised by Thomas , but he does give me seriously to think . I had not thought that possible . Douglas is a good as he thinks he is . You can take that several ways .
 Moderately interesting treatment of famous unsolved cases . Main interest for experienced readers lies in application of behavioral profiling to notorious murders from Jack the Ripper to JonBenet Ramsey . For more casual readers , book serves as compact introduction to several classics from true crime canon . Douglas pioneered much of profiling methodology for the FBI and is thus highly regarded in many circles . Here he must rely on historical records for the vintage cases , so , despite the new technique , there remains a tinge of warmed-over stew . Nonetheless , his profiling is able at times to open up new slants.For example , it 's hardly daring to point out that Jack the Ripper must have been insane to have killed in the way he did . It is riskier , however , to argue that on the basis of profiling , he could not have functioned in a sometimes normal way , which would rule out popular Jekyll and Hyde theories since there could be no Jekyll side to this highly disordered mind . Not a startling conclusion but a plausible and refined one nonetheless.The only real mystery in the Borden case is not whether Lizzie did it , but instead how she did it . Douglas offers little insight into this fascinating aspect , still his proposed strategy of how to interrogate this paragon of Victorian repression should be of interest.The book 's best chapter , I believe , concerns the Lindbergh kidnapping . Here Olshaker 's narrative skills come to the fore as the chapter amounts to a gripping account of a complex story that literally shook the nation . I do n't know how much Douglas advances our understanding , but it does make for a fascinating read.The chapter on the Zodiac killings should be red meat for profiling . So it 's a disappointment that his observations are too often vague and pedestrian , adding little to what is already known.This seems a case that could have been solved had there been better police work , such as correlating the northern and southern California phases more thoroughly . More than any other chapter , this one smacks of a stale retelling of an oft-told tale.Without doubt , Douglas does his reputation no favors in the final chapter . I do n't object to the personal involvement with the Ramseys , nor even to the ill-advised taking of money from them . What is objectionable is the categorical position he takes concerning their innocence . This is a betrayal not only of the case itself but of the objective tone that the book as a whole has wisely established . It 's as though the judge of a case suddenly throws aside his robes and becomes a Perry Mason for the defense . At bottom , the facts of the crime are simply too conflicting for anyone to draw hard and fast conclusions of any kind . Moreover , as page 411 indicates , too great an emphasis is placed on a first meeting with John Ramsey , where Douglas becomes convinced of the father 's credibility -- a rather hasty conclusion for such a seasoned investigator . That being said , some interesting profiling aspects are raised which have to be considered in the Ramsey 's behalf . Still and all , despite Douglas ' failure to deal with counter evidence , there is simply too much of it to justify any sort of blanket exoneration . -LRB- For example , the possible role of ten-year old brother Burke in the crime appears not to have been seriously considered . Yet his participation would explain many puzzling features , including the apparent coverup and the resolve of John and Patsy to tell a convincing story . I realize this is a dicey subject , but then this was a dicey crime . -RRB- Anyway , those looking for a more balanced and forensic approach should check out Cyril Wecht 's `` Who Killed JonBenet Ramsey '' . All in all , the book is a worthwhile addition and an interesting read , for which Mark Olshaker deserves more credit than he usually gets .
 Facinating . I have read quite a bit about Jack the Ripper , the Black Dalia , and Lizzie Borden and this book really gives great possible solutions with very good points . I appreciated the way they put all the evidence and theories on the table and went throught them one by one.As for the Ramseys , I do n't think we will ever know the truth , one way or another , like so many cases in this book . I think that Douglas ' take is as valid as any . Do I think the Ramseys made mistakes AFTER the murder , absolutely , but that does n't mean they did or did n't do it . I like the fact that the authors noted the mysterious death of another little girl at about the same time . No publicity for that little girl.But , I do n't want to get bogged down in the case that Douglas was involved in -LRB- Ramseys -RRB- , the rest of the book is spectacular , thought provoking and terrifying in the way that some of these cases have gone unsolved -LRB- esp . the Zodiac . -RRB- All in all a great true crime read .
 I would like to toss a couple of tidbits out to those who are upset that Mr. Douglas did n't tell us whodunnit in these cases .1 . Being sued for libel and slander is n't something that any writer wants , especially a man of Douglas ' experience and reputation .2 . There is no way to know for sure who actually committed these crimes . In addition , it is not a profiler 's job to look at a suspect and build a profile around the crime . A profiler looks at the crime and offers a profile of the killer . He or she may then note that a suspect may fit the profile , but that is not how a case is solved . A case is solved with evidence beyond a reasonable doubt.AND to the readers disappointed that Douglas did n't offer a profile for the Nicole Simpson/Ron Goldman murders
 THE CASES THAT HAUNT US is a fascinating account of several mysteries surrounding high profile cases ... some of which remain unsolved years after the tragic events . What is also disturbing , however , is learning , via some of the posted reviews on this book , that there continues to be widespread finger-pointing at the Ramsey family . Is it possible that these readers are unaware of the Ramseys having been totally exonerated , for nearly three years , in the brutal murder of their daughter and sister ? Here is just one of countless news releases : DNA clears JonBenet 's family , points to mystery killerJuly 09 , 2008Recently developed `` touch DNA '' technology has cleared all members of JonBenet Ramsey 's family of her slaying , authorities said Wednesday.Boulder County District Attorney Mary Lacy said no one in the Ramsey family is considered a suspect and formally apologized in a letter to John Ramsey for the cloud of suspicion his family has lived under for nearly 12 years . `` To the extent that we may have contributed in any way to the public perception that you might have been involved in this crime , I am deeply sorry , '' Lacy wrote .
 I couldnt put this book down . I really got into the chapters that covered Jack the Ripper , the Ramsey case , the Borden case too . Very informative book on profiling too . I didnt comepletely agree with Douglas and Olshaker in everything -LRB- especially the Ramsey case -RRB- , but still a very good read .
 Most of the cases detailed in this book are old cases that are either unsolved or with convictions that have some degree of doubt attached to them.The insights from John Douglas as a profiler are very interesting.The `` Jack the Ripper '' case is one of the most notorious of all time.Mr.Douglas explains why he would eliminate some the known , hypothetical suspects and settles on a probable suspect.He argues for the guilt of Lizzie Borden and I think that he 's correct on that case.His assessment of the Lindbergh kidnapping is intriguing . `` More than one individual took part in the crime that night '' - page 180 . Hauptmann was no doubt heavily involved but the case for the `` dual intruder theory '' makes sense.The `` Black Dahlia '' case was another savage murder and he lists two very strong possible suspects.I can understand how he arrived at his conclusion in the JonBenet Ramsey case . That case was hamstrung from the start with crime scene contamination and the well-known animosity between the police and DA 's office . The presence of foreign DNA enforces the theory of an intruder.John Douglas will get slammed for his supporting of the Ramseys . Considering the victim and the unsolved status of that case , it 's going to be an infamous topic for years to come.As a fan of true crime genre books I liked this book .
 Great book for anyone interested in true crime and the criminal mind . John Douglas looks at some classic crime cases using his profiling method
 It seems as though John Douglas has a high opinion of himself in his books ... and he has every right to feel that way ; the man truly is a legend . Such a reputation is not built on trying to please everyone or go with the popular opinion , however , and that bound to be the conclusion some readers come to regarding the chapter on the Jon Benet Ramsey case . Everybody knows the details of this case , but truthfully , no matter who you believe really `` dunnit '' in this case , you can not argue with the fact that Douglas makes a lot of good points in the Ramsey chapter.He actually makes a lot of good points in ALL the chapters
 i thought this book had alot of info on the crimes and suspects . i did n't necessarily agree with the author 's input on the jon benet ramsey murder but it 's still a good read . this book makes you want to protect your children more ; -RRB-
 Douglas and Olshaker have done it again . Only these two gentlemen could give a fresh insight into some of the most difficult crimes in history . It takes more than talent to accomplish this . Those who have given a negative review to this publication have only one complaint and that is the Ramsey case . Clearly their ignorance can not just be attributed to the fact that they probably have not read the book in it 's entirety , or that they lack 30 years of investigative experience . It can only be attributed to narrow-mindedness .
 This is my favorite book by John Douglas . I wish he 'd do more like this about other well-known cases . Too bad Boulder Colorado PD did n't listen to him on the Ramsey case .
 A `` criminal profiler '' wrote this book on some famous crimes which were unsolved or had mysteries . Chapter 7 gives his `` Perspectives '' on solving murders . A national computer database can warn against serial killers -LRB- p. 336 -RRB- , but only if it is used . Is there money in the budget ? There is a need for an independent laboratory for processing evidence so its reports can be trusted -LRB- p. 337 -RRB- . -LSB- Read `` Tainting Evidence '' . -RSB- But this would create political problems when the authorities want a specific finding . The authors criticize `` conventional wisdom '' -LRB- p. 339 -RRB- , but this is really just how the media plays the news . Can a federal agency control this flow of news ? Does it do so now?The ` Introduction ' tells how `` modern behavioral profiling and criminal investigative analysis '' is used to determine the identity of unknown offenders . -LSB- Did this predict the shooter in the Virginia-Maryland area in October 2002 was a middle-aged white blue-collar worker ? -RSB- These predictions require a faith in a technique that is new and may not stand the test of time . It uses subjective means rather than objective means that can be independently and objectively tested . Who can read the mind of a person ? -LSB- Why did n't they catch the BTK killer of Kansas City earlier ? -RSB- Chapter One deals with `` Jack the Ripper '' , one of the first and most infamous serial killers . Douglas tells of the methods he uses to analyze these crimes . He discusses the murders , and the suspects , then describes the likely murderer -LRB- pp.79-80 -RRB- . We 'll never know . Chapter Two is about Lizzie Borden . Most people know very little of this case beyond the jingle . Lizzie was correctly found ` not guilty ' of the murders , and the case was never solved . Pages 81-102 summarize the facts . Douglas ' analysis on pages 103-109 touches all known suspects . His solution shows his assumptions , and suggests he has n't done his homework in reading the available books on the Borden murders -LRB- p. 112 -RRB- . His strategy on pages 115-6 is hilarious to anyone who has read the books on this case . Just because `` no outside suspect had surfaced '' -LRB- p. 310 -RRB- is no reason to blame Lizzie.Chapter Three is `` The Lindbergh Kidnapping '' . Unlike the previous chapters , it was solved in a court of law . The baby was tucked into bed before 8pm . Around 9pm Lindbergh heard a strange sound . When the nurse checked on Charlie at 10pm , he had been kidnapped . `` The dog did nothing in the night . '' By 10:25 the Sheriff and State Police were notified . By 11pm statewide roadblocks were in place -LRB- p. 125 -RRB- . The house and floor plans had been well publicized -LRB- p. 127 -RRB- . Meetings were arranged between `` Jafsie '' and `` John '' ; after the ransom money was paid they took plaster casts of `` John 's '' footprints -LRB- p. 151 -RRB- . On May 12 they found the body of a badly decomposed body -LRB- p. 153 -RRB- ; it was identified as Charlie . Who planted six of Brinkert 's business cards in Violet Sharpe 's room -LRB- p. 157 -RRB- ? One of the ransom bills was traced to Richard Hauptmann . He was arrested , tried , and and convicted . Hauptmann claimed innocence until he was executed . Controversy over the verdict continues to this day . It seem impossible for a carpenter to go 2 years without replacing a chisel -LRB- p. 174 -RRB- ! Douglas discusses Rail 16 , but does n't mention that this board was thicker than the other floorboards -LRB- p. 177 -RRB- . Douglas believes the facts point to more than one person involved in this crime -LRB- pp.179-180 -RRB- . Hauptmann could n't have done it alone -LRB- p. 183 -RRB- . Douglas mentions that `` John '' said the servants were innocent , according to Condon . But could that have really occurred -LRB- p. 185 -RRB- ? In Chapter Five Douglas explains why Albert DeSalvo was not the Boston Strangler -LRB- pp.262-265 -RRB- . He describes many suspects , but does n't try to solve this crime . Could one man have killed them all `` from older women to younger ones '' -LRB- p. 265 -RRB- ? We 'll never know .
 The book The Cases That Haunt Us , by John Douglas and Mark Olshaker , goes into great deal over ever single object in the cases . For every piece of evidence the book presents , it gives multiple reasons why that evidence is significant . After they have put all of the evidence together , they write how they think the entire crime happened and list all of the possible suspects . As they go through all of the suspects , they state why it is likely for some to have committed the crime , and unlikely for other to have done it . I would suggest this book to anyone that really likes to try to solve mysteries that a book presents . At the end of every section , it does n't tell you exactly what happens , it lets you decide for yourself . I found it to be a bit too boring for my tastes , but others who more enjoy this genre will surely like it .
 In Cases that Haunt Us , Douglas takes us into some of the most infamous cases of all time giving us his expert opinion and analysis based on the evidence from these cases . From Jack the Ripper to Jon Benet Ramsey you will be immediately hooked to this book and wo n't want to put it down , but what else could be expected from Douglas ? The man is pure genius and it certainly shines in this work ! Another job well done !
 John Douglas gives us a fascinating new glimpse into some old , and not-so-old crimes . He explores the legendary Jack the Ripper , Lizzie Borden , the Lindberg kidnapping , and the recent murder of JonBenet Ramsey . At first I wondered why he was rehashing ground that has been covered so many times , but after reading just a few pages , I realized how much I did n't know about these crimes . Douglas is n't afraid to give his opinion about these murders , even if it conflicts with conventional wisdom . A must have for true crime readers !
 This book is interesting , worth buying , and informative . I liked the varied accounts of interesting well known cases . It provided insight into the Jon Benet Ramsey case , among others . I would recommend this book to anyone . John Douglas is a good author .
 I enjoyed reading this book very Much!John Douglas Digs into Old Cases as well as Cold cases , Jack the Ripper , Lizzie Borden , JonBonet Ramsey and others and gives his spin on things.Very interesting reading for True Crime Buffs . . I Liked it alot . . Thanks Mr.Douglas !
 I have read all of Mr Douglas ' books and I have never been disappointed . I have liked some more than others but over-all his theories are none short of brilliant . He actually makes YOU THINK !! Once I have started any of his books , I can not put them down . I have recommended them to friends and they too have never been disappointed . In this book I was drawn to the JonBenet case . I thought that I had made up my mind who I felt the killer or killerS were until I read his thoughts . He makes the reader look at things in a way you never would have before . I strongly recommend any of his books if you are open minded -LRB- or not , but like to challenge yourself -RRB- enough to step out of your box for a while and actually USE that brain . Mr. Douglas , I salute you , if for nothing else but for being a really great FBI agent .
 Another triumph for Douglas and Olshaker . This book sheds new light on many old cases . INstead of reading 10,000 pages on Jack the Ripper , you can reconsider the case in a brisk 90 . I was most fascinated by the JonBenet Ramsey portion of the book . Many of lambasted Douglas for his belief in the Ramseys ' not guilty stance . I agree with him and his thought process is illuminating . The Boston Strangler and other chapters are strong . No wasted pages here -- all fascinating .
 I do n't typically read this kind of work , but picking it up at a real bargain price , it looked interesting , given all the media attention this renown profiler receives.His analysis of this collection of unsolved mystery murders showcases his analytical abilities , honed over years of work . He primarily spends a great deal of time on two key areas
 In `` The Cases That Haunt Us '' , John Douglas discusses many of the unsolved cases that have left trained detectives stumped . He goes into detail of the facts of the cases , then adds his own thoughts and profile on the suspects personality . Douglas does go into detail but keeps it simple enough so that people other then Law Enforcement Proffessionals can understand . For a non-fiction book , it is very interesting . With Douglas 's own spin on things , and his using new tecniques on old cases , he adds light to old cases in an amazingly interesting , riviting fashion .
 This is a great book that any person interested in psychology should have . I know detectives and psychologists who delight in the interesting way that Douglas makes the wisdom of the FBI available to readers . The United States has spent millions of dollars in researching the psychology of criminal behavior , so it should be of no surprize that so much quality information exists . Douglas and Olshaker are doing an excellent job at disseminating this information in a fascinating way . Researchers in other human behaviors should take note of the massive work done by the United States into the criminal mind .
 This is the best Douglas book since his first , `` Mindhunter . '' Subsequent books has have tended to be repetitive with not much new information . In this book , since he is looking into historical cases for the most part , he offers new analyses and ideas about the Unsubs in cases including Jack the Ripper , Lizzy Borden , Charles Lindbergh Jr , Zodiac killer , and Boston Strangler.I almost wish he had n't included the JonBenet Ramsey case , because I think that takes away from the rest of the book . He could have included some other cases that still `` haunt '' us , that would be interesting from a historical point of view . I do n't think enough time has passed for people to consider the Ramsay case objectively . I am not saying I disagree with his conclusions about the Ramsays , but I do n't completely buy them either . If he is ever proved wrong , he will have to eat a ton of crow . Enough said.Still , I would recommend this book for true crime lovers , historical crime buffs , and anyone with an interest in psychological profilings . I admit freely my favorite TV show is Discovery Channels `` The New Detectives . '' If you have never seen it , and you fall into one of the above categories , you must check this show out .
 Not since his first work , MINDHUNTER , have I read a Douglas book this interesting . Mindhunter set the pace for all the profiling narratives that followed . Although nobody does it better than Douglas , his subsequent works were somewhat lacking because they did not grab the reader with the same tenacity as his first novel . He takes a somewhat new direction with THE CASES THAT HAUNT US and in turn a better book surfaces.In CASES THAT HAUNT US Douglas looks at some of the more infamous murders of all time and adds his professional perspective . Whereas he can offer nothing new -LRB- after all there have been thousands of books on Jack the Ripper for example -RRB- , he does weigh some of the more mentioned theories and shows their strenghts and more often than not , their weaknesses . He picks some of the all time chilling real life horror stories ... Jack the Ripper , The Zodiac , The Boston Strangler , The Lindbergh Kidnapping , and even the infamous Jon Benet Ramsey case . All the chapters are intriguing and well thought out . He does an outstanding job of showing how some of the conventional thinking on these cases is flawed and in turn relays his years of hands on experience in the field . Along the way , he peppers his views with recollections of cases he has touched.The main point of controversy in this book in sure to be the Ramsey killing . It is no secret that Douglas was called in to offers his thoughts on this tragic event by the lawyers representing the Ramseys . While I do not agree that he sold out as some would insist , I do question his desire to hire himself out to the main suspects in this grisly event . -LRB- in all fairness to Douglas he does contend that after the initial consultation fee he refused to accept further payment and even paid for subsequent flights to Atlanta -RRB- . This chapter should not prevent anyone from reading the book . Rather , it ranks as one of the more interesting sections of this work . Douglas offers his own insights and makes convincing arguements for an inturder theory . You dont have to agree with the man to respect his logic , reasoning , and experience.Overall the book reads at the speed of light . All of the chapters with the possible exception of the Lizzy Borden case are well written and really grab the reader 's attention . True crime fans will have to read this book .
 I bought this book about a week ago -- both my wife and I have finished reading it already , and we spent most of the week reading over each other 's shoulders -LRB- or `` borrowing '' the book when the other was n't looking -RRB- . Douglas has a lot of interesing things to say , and Olshaker is an excellent writer . Their collaboration has produced a book that is nearly impossible to put down.The most controversial part of this book will be the last chapter , in which Douglas sets out his views about who killed JonBenet Ramsey . He will be pounced on by many irate readers who are just absolutely , positively certain that one -LRB- or both -RRB- of the Ramseys did it -- these readers will give the book an undeserved `` one star '' rating not because the book is n't terrific but because they disagree with Douglas ' conclusion.For my part , I found Douglas ' defense of the Ramseys to be diplomatic , well-reasoned and persuasive . After reading Steve Thomas ' JonBenet
 It 's been a long time since John Douglas has written a strong book , and I was delighted to find that this is his strongest book in years . I often have wondered when Douglas was suddenly going to run out of ideas to work from , when the Douglas writing well was going to run dry , and indeed , for a while it seemed that he was just running the same idea over and over , or running new ideas weakly.With this book , we get a nice taste of Douglas 's profiling and an in-depth look at many cases that have bothered all of us for a long time in terms of their never having been solved.I found it very interesting that this book is so in-depth that Doulas even includes the Lawrencia Bembenek case , one that even while it happened , was mostly local in interest rather than national.Douglas carries us from the unsolved `` Jack the Ripper '' case all the way to the JonBenet Ramsey case , and shows us how he 'd solve the crimes and who possible suspects might be . I find this clever and interesting writing.He gives powerful energy particularly to the Lindbergh kidnapping and the Zodiac serial killer , and in these two sections , he is at his best , and really gets the reader deeply involved and Douglas himself writing with great skill and powerful ideas.The only weak link in the book is the section on the JonBenet Ramsey killing , which section seems more like `` In Defense of John Douglas 's Profiling . `` Other than the Ramsey section , this is an excellent and even thrilling book , and the first Douglas book in a long time that I could n't put down .
 I admit I was n't familiar with Douglas ' earlier works or his connection with the Ramsey case before buying this
 Jack the Ripper . Lizzie Borden . The Zodiac . Bruno Richard Hauptmann . The psycho who killed JonBenet Ramsey . Crispin Glover . O.k. , that last name does n't belong there , but the guy is so weird I thought I 'd throw him in for good measure . All of these folks -LRB- except for Crispin Glover -RRB- , according to former FBI profiler turned author John Douglas , share a common theme . One is murder , of course , but the other is their involvement in criminal cases that continue to haunt the public imagination . Plug in any one of the abovementioned names into a search engine and you 'll understand why the authors chose `` The Cases That Haunt Us '' as the title of the book . On one of the most popular search engines JonBenet Ramsey brings up 780,000 returns . Jack the Ripper has over two million , Zodiac a million and a half . While not all of these links directly relate to these infamous cases , obviously , the numbers do show how these names have worked their way into the popular consciousness . And that occurred , sadly , because the crimes documented in this book are truly hideous , bone-chilling incidents of murder most foul that stand out even in a country as violent as America.John Douglas is a familiar name to those of us who follow dastardly deeds . He once worked as one of the premier criminal profilers at the FBI . Profiling is a cutting edge psychological approach to fighting crime that attained national prominence thanks to the film `` The Silence of the Lambs '' . It 's also a lot older than the FBI . Profiling an unknown criminal in an attempt to catch him or her stretches all the way back to the 19th century . But Douglas and his ilk updated the techniques and have used them to catch many murderers . Clever killers who would never have been captured are now sitting in prison thanks to profiling . So what exactly is profiling ? Well , according to this book it involves assembling every scrap of available evidence and using said evidence to assemble a mental profile of the suspect . Douglas and his colleagues then determine if the killer is `` organized '' or `` disorganized '' . They can then use the profile to identify likely suspects . Many times their profile matches a person being held in another , minor case . The purpose of `` The Cases That Haunt Us '' is , therefore , an attempt to apply profiling to major unsolved crimes . The results are , to say the least , interesting and likely controversial.If you believe Lizzie Borden killed her father with forty whacks , Douglas agrees with you -- except for the forty whacks part . It took far fewer blows to do in Andrew Borden . But Douglas does believe beyond a shadow of a doubt that Lizzie killed her father and stepmother . He also comes up with a compelling suspect in the Jack the Ripper murders , although it 's nothing we have n't seen in other treatments on the monster of Whitechapel . His analysis of the Lindbergh baby kidnapping endorses the view taken by history , i.e. that Bruno Richard Hauptmann was guilty of the crime , if not its prime architect . As for the Zodiac case ... well ... Douglas does a great job summarizing his terrible crime spree . Coming up with a viable , living suspect is another matter entirely . He also tackles the Black Dahlia mutilation , Bambi Bembenek , and the Boston Strangler outrages . He does n't really shed new light on these cases , at least not in my opinion , but he does do an excellent job of assembling the facts and giving us an insight or two into the twisted minds that carried out the crimes . Ahh , to have had a modern profiler back in Jack the Ripper 's day!The most controversial part of the book deals with the JonBenet Ramsey murder case . If you ever want to read about a crime that chills the blood , peruse the various accounts of this horrific killing . It 's a case so bizarre in nearly every one of its aspects that solving the crime has proved insurmountable to everyone involved . That does n't stop Douglas , who once worked as a paid advisor to John and Patsy Ramsey , from taking a crack at this mystifying incident . Those who believe the Ramseys killed their daughter will fume at Douglas 's conclusions . He believes that an intruder invaded the house and murdered the young beauty queen . So do I , actually , although there 's always that little part of me that suspects the parents . How else to explain the pineapple on the table , or that weird ransom note ? To totally exclude the parents , one has to believe them incapable of carrying out such an evil act , and we know from the newspapers and television that such evil acts -LRB- and far worse -RRB- occur every day . We ca n't seem to rely on the evidence , which points to just about everyone in JonBenet 's life as a possible suspect . Douglas does a great job of condensing the pertinent facts down to a few pages , but his analysis will do nothing to stop the endless speculation concerning the case that continues unabated to this day.On the whole , I 'd say `` The Cases That Haunt Us '' is a worthy effort . It 's not going to solve any of these cases , or even bring about a seismic shift in how we view these crimes , but it is a well-written account of these nightmarish events . I would definitely recommend this book to someone just starting to read about famous crimes . Douglas 's ability to summarize the evidence is masterful , always a plus when you 're refreshing the old memory banks or just charting a course into the dark waters of real life murder and mayhem . If you 're an old hand looking for new information on Saucy Jacky , Lizzie , and JonBenet , I 'd probably look elsewhere . You have already seen everything that appears here , and you have already heard about the suspects Douglas names in these pages .
 THE CASES THAT HAUNT US provides fascinating and convincing insights into some very high-visibility crimes . When Douglas says Jack the Ripper was So-and-So or someone like So-and-So -LRB- I do n't want to give you a spoiler here -RRB- , I believe him . Douglas makes solid arguments regarding Jack the Ripper , Lizzie Borden , the Lindbergh kidnapping and the Zodiac . Those chapters kept me turning the pages and then wanting to learn more . I ordered additional Jack the Ripper and Lizzie Borden books and videos ... even before I finished reading CASES.Which brings me to the last chapter , on JonBenet Ramsey . That chapter read too much like a justification of Douglas 's controversial defense of the Ramseys , and less like a profile . After all , he did n't have access to the evidence he would normally use to make a profile , so how could he really decide that the Ramseys are innocent ? He measures other theorists with the yardsticks
 This is one of those books that can completely change your view of events on a daily basis . It 's the best of Douglas ' books , and it creates order out of what had once been utter chaos . His Jack the Ripper chapter was particularly valuable . There has been so much garbage written about that case that Douglas 's logical analysis was very welcome . After reading this book , I ca n't look at any crime the same way again , and I have also come to a different understanding of human psychology . I have recommended this book to everyone I know , and even the skeptical ones , once they started it , could n't put it down ! It made the rounds of my office , and then of my friends , and then of my friends ' friends ! Warning
 This book shows how significant investigative insights emerge when extensive homicide experience , high intelligence , professional training and common sense are applied to murder cases.Unfortunately , throughout the four-year Ramsey investigation , we have all sadly witnessed what occurs when untrained , arrogant , and eventually corrupt law enforcement personnel decide who 's guilty first and then concoct a case to cover their backsides . The case against the Ramseys that the Bouler Police have created does n't even fit the indisputble forensic evidence -LRB- like the sequence of injuries -RRB- , uses analyses from charlatans , misrepresents handwriting results -LRB- Patsy scored 4.5 out of 5 , with 5 being absolutely no match -RRB- and dismisses key DNA evidence inside JonBenet 's underwear because it does n't match a Ramsey.This book should be required reading for all the `` mainstream '' journalists who were so easily fooled by the silly police and who gladly copied stories from the tabloids because it helped boost ratings . It should also be read by any American who still believes that the US media are ever honest in their reporting.Many decent people have been manipulated into believing `` The Ramseys Did It '' despite the extensive evidence that the family was not involved . The Ramsey case section of this book should make us all ashamed of our gullibility and willingness to believe whatever we 're fed by the media.Read this book . You 'll be glad you did . You will see that there are still honest people who will stand up for the truth , even in the face of hysteria and hatred .
 This book is well written and very informative . Mark Olshaker is a researcher , writer , and keeps the cases true . The information in the book is very graphic and keeps to the life of John Douglas and his career . It is a book that you will not put down .
 This is a great book . Each case was so gripping I could n't put the book down . So I ended up reading it until about 2:00 am , then I could n't get to sleep because these cases were still haunting me ! It 's an excellent book and I highly recommend it to anyone fascinated by these cases .
 Very interesting . This guy is good . Really makes you think . Worth the price to be able to look at things from a different point of view .
 One of the best books I 've ever read and everyone should read it to clear up any misconceptions they have regarding any of the cases mentioned in the book . I refer to it often when one of the cases pops back into the news or I hear a new theory regarding any of the cases .
 Interesting investigations into the most famous crimes of the past centurys up until recently . The author analyzes , investigates and tells us about the victims of the most popular and notorious murder cases . Some of the cases he investigates are the jon benet ramsey murder , the lindbergh baby kidnapping , the zodiac killer and more . Tons of interesting info and a highly enjoyable read . 4 stars / good for anyone interested in crime/murder investigations .
 I have all of Douglas ' nonfiction books and this is another one that is hard to put down . In `` Cases '' , Douglas focuses on old , unsolved or still-in-question cases and offers some interesting possible explanations . Wonderful and entertaining ! Who WOULD N'T like his books ?
 This book is what the the title says it is . AMAZING ! It takes you on a jounrney to true history and teaches about the very first civilzations in history and countless other subjects . This book helped me grow as a person and expanded my mind to another level . This book is filled with unlimited knowledge . This is the best history lesson I ever received . A MUST read !
 The late Dr. Barashango is a learned man in the Afrikan Cosmogonical Sciences of the Ancients . The reader is given different theories of creation/origin of the world and mankind . His mission is not to convert anyone to a particular creed/doctrine but to enlightened the reader to different perspectives of Afrikan thought . I feel there is much to be learned from the Kemetan Cosmogony/Sciences of the Ancients which may aid and assist mankind in becoming one with the Universal Uncreated God , whom I refer to as Abba Yahowah .
 This book not only gives you the information you were after when you bought the book in the first place . It is also joy to read . There is a perfect balance between raw information , interviews with the biggies -LRB- John Williams , et cetera -RRB- , and tips on how to think about film music . This is NOT just another fluff book that the author wrote simply because his last three scores were rejected and he needed the money . If you do not find this book to be incredibly helpful then you have either been making film music for 30 years already -LRB- even then I find it hard to believe that you did n't find it helpful -RRB- , or you are just nutts !
 Not much to say besides , I love this book . Had it not been so jammed with great info , I would have been more turned off by the typos and somewhat disjointed nature of the read . However , if you 're trying to learn the basics of film and tv score , check it out .
 As a full time working film composer I am always trying to improve on my knowledge about the business as well as the technical aspects of this tough yet gratifying craft . Jeff Rona 's Reel World is a great to read , Un-boring view into the world of the film composer . At many points I must confess , I could n't let it go out of my hands . He uses many of his own case scenarios as a very active film composer to enlight us on a few lessons learned and succeeds on bringing on several points missed on most books if this genre . I had a Reel Blast . Either you are just jumping into this , or you have been on it and just want to make sure you are doing things right , this book is a must have , hats-off piece for your career .
 Like many musicians , I have a great interest in film scores and , if it were n't so tough to make a good living at , I 'd love to have pursued scoring to picture as a career . This book , however , is a great introduction to the world of film scores and covers all the bases at an introductory level . You 'll learn about the business side -LRB- dealing with clients , sticky politics between directors and producers , etc -RRB- , the technical side -LRB- the equipment you 'll need , what it all does , etc -RRB- , and the musical side -LRB- developing themes and so on -RRB- . He also includes interviews with several other prominent film composers , which is great because he asks the questions other musicians would ask.Rona 's style is quite approachable , as evidenced by the column he 's written for Keyboard magazine for years . In fact , my only criticism of the book might be that some of the chapters are taken directly from his past columns and the result is sometimes a choppy transition from one chapter to the next . Overall , though , that 's a pretty small nit to pick about what is otherwise a great introduction to the world of film scoring .
 As a three going on four year resdient of the Silver State , I highly recommend this book for even short term visitors who want to see something more than the Vegas strip . There 's more to Nevada than casinos - beautiful desert vistas and some really offbeat places , like Area 51 , are a welcome break from the neon .
 The Art of Purposeful Being is an amazing book that holds the secret keys to life.I have read various self help books over the years and have never found a book like this which along with so much exciting information has given me all the tools required to implement positive and lasting change . Tools to quickly and effectively work through all of the problems standing between me and happiness.Happiness and contentment that only a short time ago I never knew existed ! A book that has been full of new and wonderful emotion , a book that has brought remarkable change and new meaning to every aspect of my life . It is still a marvel to me how one person could put together this much information in one book
 I 'm reading the book The Art of Purposeful Being a few pages at a time on the bus on the way to work everyday . I 'm reading chapter 9 now and does that ever apply to me . I realize now how externally controlled my whole life has been . The example on page 150 about anxiety and difficulty in a new job is what I am going through . I have started to look at the situation differently , I realize that I chose that situation and using positive pre-choice to see the positive benefits has reduced my anxiety . As my fears around issues drop I seem to be able to think more clearly but more importantly as I relax so do my co workers especially my boss and that makes for a much improved situation . I am seeing my own value for what it is no matter what others may think . I like shifting to my own God Self values now I know I can have them.Mmark Dugent , Victoria BC
 Absolutely loved your book . My wife and I are the process of deciding whether to separate or stay together . I started to read your book -LRB- which my wife picked out for me -RRB- soon after my wife and I split . It was a particularly difficult two months for me . When I entered such a stressful time your book helped me out of it . Also I started to feel waves of energy come through me and I believe it was from the stress of the situation -LRB- being tuned up as they say -RRB- and the understanding coming from your book . My wife is now reading it and starting to come to some understandings of her own . Thank you for writing this book . I am trying to get others to read the book . It is very inspirational . I must confess I did not do the exercises but I will when my wife returns the book to me . Kudos ' to you for writing such a simple and clear message on how to have a full and happy life.Scott Aitken ; Tofino , BC
 Charles Simic , White -LRB- New Rivers Press , 1972 -RRB- I have quite quickly become convinced that Charles Simic 's books belong on the same short shelf that holds Carruth , Sadoff , Robert Lowell , and a few other American poets . Seems like everything I pick up by the guy is wonderful . This early piece -LRB- a collection ? A long poem ? Ca n't tell -RRB- continues the trend.It 's either a collection of short , untitled pieces -LRB- which the acknowledgments section would seem to indicate -RRB- or a longer work called `` White '' with a postscript . Either way , it 's classic Simic and well worth the trouble it will take to hunt down . It 's more classically surreal than his later works , but with the same tone of understated wit , the same veneration of the odd ins-and-outs of quirky beauty , the same engaging , and distinct , diction.If you 're not yet familiar with the work of Charles Simic , the only reason not to start with this one is that it will take you way too long to find , probably . If you 're already an established fan , or stumble across a copy in your local library , by all means give it a read . ****
 HIT BELOW THE BELT is the true story of a medical doctor 's diagnosis of having Prostate Cancer , and his journey of the many twists and turns of seeking treatment for his conditon . A no holds barred book about a very common ailment , that every man over 40 should be required to read , together with their mates . Told in non medical lingo , the book is a fast read .
 ` The Dracula Archives ' is an excellent book that will appeal to all lovers of vampire fiction and lore . It is written in the style of a series of diary entries that is quite convincing . One almost wishes to believe that it is a factual account . The book is old now but definitely worth reading . Highly recommended to sit alongside your Bram Stoker 's ` Dracula ' and Anne Rice collection .
 La obra sigue el mismo estilo del Dr&aacute;cula de Stoker , y , adem&aacute;s de ampliar los datos hist&oacute;ricos y antepasados del conde -LRB- al que emparenta con la sangrienta condesa Bathory -RRB- , viene a ser un complemento de la citada , pues ampl&iacute;a datos que Jonathan Harker y el profesor Van Heising desconoc&iacute;an por completo . Los archivos de Dr&aacute;cula termina con un telegrama enviado por Van Heising en que comunica la destrucci&oacute;n del vampiro . Las dos obras se complementan y son dignas la una de la otra .
 Tablesaw Methods of Work provides hundreds of jigs , fixtures , setups , and methods to improve your woodworking and make using a tablesaw safer and easier . It 's all from Fine Woodworking 's Methods of Work column , the premier forum for woodworkers to share their best tips.You 'll learn about : setup and maintenancemobile bases , dollies , and moversoutfeed tables and roller supportsrip fence and miter gauge improvementsjigs and techniques for joineryraising panels and shaping .
 Like all four books of the `` Methods of Work '' series ; this book covers a lot of material in a no nonsense style that has all the detail MOST people need . It is not one of those books that has a lot `` pretty color photographs '' but relys on providing a a lot good information as simply as possible with excellent line drawings to illustrate the points . It covers all the aspects of the proper setup of your tablesaw which is or at least should be 50 % what you need to know about with any tablesaw . Safety is emphasized in every aspect of preparing and using your tablesaw . Various jigs , many aspects of joinery , and general problem solving techniques are covered by examples . The book is written as a compendium of tips , best practices , and/or lessons learned by Fine Woodworking readers . The end result , and the strength of this book , is that you get a thousand years of woodworking experience with a tablesaw edited in such a way that you have a great book on almost all the ways you would ever use a tablesaw .
 I recently purchased this book and read it cover to cover . I have a new 10 inch table saw , and I wanted a `` primer '' that would also allow me to grow in skill . This title fills the bill very well indeed . Not only does it offer a great number of helpful tips , designs , plans , and procedures , but it serves as a springboard for ideas unique to my own projects . For example , some of the jigs and fixtures featured in the book lend themselves well to modification by the home craftsman to suit individual needs . If you want a good reference guide that you 'll not soon outgrow , I recommend this one . I 'm certain that a year from now mine will be dog-eared from use . Jim Richey did a splendid job putting this book together . Furthermore , the book itself is sturdily constructed -- cleverly designed for the readership most likely to purchase it
 This is the best illustrated and one of the most informative books I have ever read on Tablesaw uses . There are also detailed and dimensioned fixtures that you can build to expedite your work performed on the table saw.There are also some great tips on usage and techniques for the tablesaw operation.I originaly checked out this book as well as `` Router methods of work '' , `` Workshop methods of work '' ' and `` Finishing methods of work '' from the public library read them and decided that I had to have copies of each for my workshop library . The time and money saved using the tips and or fixtures recommended by these books will pay for the books many times over and eliminate a lot of headaches .
 This book was advertised as used . I do n't know what they used it for but it had never been opened . I 'm finding it to be very useful as a guide on how to fully use a table saw . The drawing are excellent and the jigs that I 've made so far actually work .
 Without a doubt one of the best books on Table Saw jigs . Many of the others I looked at had USELESS projects that went along with them ... just filler . This book has NO FILLER , just great tips !! I constantly reference this book whenever doing a new type of cut , to see what time saving -LRB- and safer -RRB- way I could perform the task at hand . GET IT !!!
 The poems in this book are realistic and moving . I was able to relate to many of the life situations and found the book an uplifting experience . If you are looking for real people , real places and truth , this is the book for you .
 This book has every specification on all the years and models of Cadillacs . It is an invaluable resource if you are looking for information on any Cadillac . It is especially useful if you buy a lot of them .
 this book has a lot of information for the price and also a lot of pictures but there are quite a few errors in the years and models dealing with these pictures , i do n't know where the good proof readers are today .
 it was the only book to have the knowledge and details for his 1938 caddy.he 's got 417 of 475 made and needed specific details that made his car special .
 If you really like to read this is a great book . If you like Tables of Standards and lots of model pictures , you will be disappointed . The general organization can be quite different for model to model even if only a year of difference . You may find the item comparison at the first of one model and at the end of the next model . Forget it if you are a research scanner and want to compare the same item from introduction on . You are going to read a lot of words to find out what you want to know . It saving grace is that there is a lot of good detailed information .
 A very good book with all the statistics on every model immaginable . Stock Photographs from the original bochures provide the Cadillac feel and elegance . However some of the photos provided for some of the later models are ammature at best , which contributes to the decline of Cadillac quality of the 70 's and 80 's . Overall a great addition to any Caddy collector .
 I owned a 1938 Cadillac when I graduated from High School . It was in it . Great photos of this classic era of General Motors best .
 The heart of the book is year by year descriptions of each model , powertrains , options , and features . Some historical facts are noted along the way by year , which adds some context to the vehicle descriptions . This is very much more a reference book than a `` coffee-table '' book , although this most recent edition is more polished , with full color photos and glossy pages . John Gunnell , a life-long automotive historian , is the automotive books editor for KP Books.The book is 10.7 x 8.3 x 1 inches and is paper bound , but I have not had any problems with my copies holding up to heavy use over time.This book has been updated about every 5 years . I have one that ended in 1990 , one that ended in 2000 , and this one , which ends with 2005 . Hopefully we will see a new one out next year that stretches through 2010 . If a person could subscribe to this series of updates , I would . I have purchased 3 editions of this book so far -- so mark me as a happy repeat customer.As a reference book , the Standard Catalog of Cadillac is not perfect . But it is tremendously useful if you are interested in the Cadillac marque at all . It is also an easy reference book to use , and well laid out . I recommend this book for any Cadillac library .
 Loaded with facts and figures . Very handy refence guide with pictures . Questions about Cadillac ? The answer is probably here . Recommended reading for any Cad-ophile !
 Book ReviewsUnited Press International July 27 , 1982Jack ReddenThe Soviet Estimate
 Most entrepreneurs are so caught up in putting out fires on a daily basis that they lose sight of the big picture and a long term business plan . Thanks to The Hot Dog Syndrome , it is stressed that planning and preparation are key to business success . It 's the ideal book for any business owner who thrives to make their business LAST FOREVER !!!
 Harvey knows his stuff , which is obviously based on years and years of experience and seeing it all . The would-be and budding entrepreneur would be well advised to heed his advice . This book stresses the importance of working ON your business , not just IN your business .
 Mr. Goldstein has charmed the reader once again by encapsulating the fundamentals from business school into an easily digestible `` story '' . This book will be a great benefit to any business owner/entreprenuer that needs to step back and reflect on the meaning of life whenever the pressures of running a business weigh heavily ... hopefully , most of us will read this book while there is still time to appreciate what we have and what we CAN build for the future .
 This book was very helpful in explaining the ways businesses work and how they should be run . This book is not written like any other i have seen , and it flows very well . I picked it up and couldnt put it down until i was done . I 'm in the process of starting my own business , and i felt this book is very useful , as i related to the situations presented in this book .
 What a great book ! The Hot Dog Syndrome should be a `` must read '' for all business owners , and especially those that are feeling the pressures associated with growing their company from it 's early stages of development.Many business books can be a chore for me to read cover-to-cover because of their academic , dry style . Not so with The Hot Dog Syndrome ! Mr. Goldstein 's narrative approach and clearly defined road map to success made reading the book a real pleasure.If your business is keeping you awake at night , the advice provided in The Hot Dog Syndrome can keep your company healthy and profitable - and your life less stressful . Highly recommended !
 The Hot Dog syndrome was fun to read . It kept me focused on the priorities of operating a successful business . I thought the `` voice '' was talking to me . Reading this book and applying its simple plan will benefit anyone who owns or operates a business . I could not wait to see what the `` voice '' was going to tell me next . I now keep the book handy at my desk to remind myself throughout my work day of its lessons .
 If the title does n't grab you , do n't let it stop you from reading this book!Remarkably , the author , Harvey Goldstein , has condensed his many years of experience into a readable and easily understood primer on how to make your business a real business , how to re-vitalize your business , how to make the transition from entrepreneur to businessman , how to build value , how to get your business organized , how to plan , the importance of financial information , etc. . In sum , how to run a successful and growing business.There is just so much content presented and in a quick and simple way , that by the end of the book , the reader has both the understanding and inspiration to start to make the necessary changes in how he manages and the importance and growth of his employees.This is a must read for any businessman , no matter what you think you know , or for any person contemplating or starting a business .
 An exploration of the Indian film industry through photographs was definitely not what I expected when I initially purchased this book , but the beauty and drama of the images , made it worth the cost . This book does NOT contain any relevant information -LRB- history , films , etc. -RRB- on Bollywood ; it 's a coffee table book . The photos themselves -LRB- of film stars to the mania of the theaters and fans -RRB- brilliantly capture the dynamics and glamour of the industry and it 's trance-like hold over it 's millions -LRB- if not billions -RRB- of fans !!!
 Nice little book of poetry from the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . Bought three and gave two away . They also really enjoyed them . It will be in my library forever !
 More Fantasy Art Masters is n't just another collection of fantasy work by great artists ... it is , but it 's much more . Rarely in fantasy art collections do you get a chance to get a glimpse behind the creation of the art . That is exactly what More Fantasy Art Masters does . The book spotlights ten very talented , yet very diversified artists and lets them provide commentary on their own work . Fans now can get inside their heads to know their motivations behind a piece . What perhaps those novices among us may have viewed as random placements of items in a painting , of color and light is actually very carefully planned from the beginning . In addition the artists provide interesting insights into their own careers.We 'll see how colors are chosen to present interesting contrasts between foreground and background and to set the proper mood of the piece . For example a Keith Parkinson painting , -LRB- one of my favorites -RRB- shows a couple of Orcs riding on horseback through a snow covered forest . The trees devoid of leaves and nearly of life provides an austere , grim setting as the pair seem hellbent on some type of evil quest . Most interesting and previously something I never fully realized is how color is used to very subtly convey moods and emotions , almost on a subliminal level . To hear the artists tell it in their own words sets off a bell in your head as you truly grasp what they hoped to convey in the painting . It 's quite fascinating . The artists also go into great detail on the tools and materials they used for the works on display . Some work soley in one type of medium whether it 's oil , acrylic , water color , digital , etc , while others are quite comfortable in combining several different types of paint.The artists included in the book are Keith Parkinson , Anne Sudworth , Judith Clute , Phil Hale , Ian Miller , J.K. Potter , Greg Spalenka , Dave Seeley , Darrel Anderson , and John Harris . The book really does a great job of spotlighting an eclectic array of talent.Reviewed by Tim Janson
 Another great story from L. Ron Hubbard . This one is an air adventure story featuring Breeze Callahan who works diligently at proving the effectiveness of gliders to the US Government . Hubbard 's love of flying comes across in this story which was originally published in 1936 . Air adventure stories are a thing of the past and these reprints remind us how popular a genre it was , and how good the stories could be when written by Hubbard , the master storyteller himself ! Kudos !
 I honestly was n't sure if I would enjoy this one , but quickly changed my minds within minutes . This story pulls you in almost immediately , and really keeps you rooting for the ` good guy ' , even through his ups and downs.Breeze Callaghan is a very smart man that tries to convince the Navy the value of gliders and gliding techniques for the war . They can be used to aid the war by keeping a plane up in the air when engines cut out , and to spy on enemies undetected , as gliders can enter silently.But Breeze and his mentor Pop Donegon , are sabotaged time and time again by their rival , Badger O'Dowell . Badger has his own conventional motorized training planes he wants the Navy to use , so he will do anything to remove the competition , even if it means death . Every demonstration Breeze gives the military , Badger sabotages it , damaging each glider used.After getting tired , and quite frustrated with Badger , Breeze decides to put it all to rest by attempting to prove his gliders are the best . Unfortunately , it also ends up putting his life in danger once more , along with a few others.This is definitely a good guy versus bad guy story , that really shows not only children , but us all , that good always conquers evil in the end . With having such good morals and values played throughout , I could n't recommend Sky Birds Dare ! enough . L Ron Hubbard has done it again , as this pulp fiction story is one whole family will enjoy .
 This is a great story not only if you are a glider pilot but also otherwise . Its historical fiction originally published in 1936 in Five Novels Monthly magazine . It takes you right up to the clouds , riding the wind . It 's pulp fiction and if you are not familiar with the genre , it 's like Indiana Jones without the Hollywood cliches . The story moves you along , it 's fast paced and you learn something about glider planes . I recommend the audiobook , it 's full cast and excellent production with sound effects that takes you right up to the clouds . Great story to break up the daily commute.Sky Birds Dare ! -LRB- Stories from the Golden Age -RRB-
 Hubbard was a major player in the pulp fiction world in the 1930 's and 1940 's . From westerns and suspense to adventures on land and sea , he was one of the most prolific , popular , and entertaining writers of the pulp period . `` Sky Birds Dare , '' originally published in Five Novels in September , 1936 , chronicles the story of Breeze Callahan , crackerjack glider pilot , who tries to demonstrate the value of gliders and gliding techniques in the war effort behind enemy lines . In this daring tale , Breeze attempts to convince the Navy of the glider 's value ; but also , has to weather his competitor , Badger O'Dowell 's attempts to sabotage his efforts.I believe this narrative reaches its zenith because of Hubbard 's extensive real-life experience as a glider pilot with George Washington University `` Buzzards '' in the 1930 's . He infuses that experience into this pulp to capture the thrill and rush of silent flight interwoven with romance and the intrigue of sabotage and betrayal . Like Icarus , Hubbard 's hero , Breeze climbs steadily in the dangerous and troubling sky roads fearlessly unaware of the looming consequences .
 This full-cast audio production of `` Sky Birds Dare ! '' features main narrator Mark Silverman , along with the voice talents of R F Daley , Tait Ruppert , Michael Yurchak , and Molly Yurchak . This gang is up to Galaxy Audio 's usual high standards , adding just the right amounts of drama and satire to their roles.In addition to the excellent cast named above , `` Sky Birds Dare ! '' features Galaxy Audio 's superb music and sound enhancements . It seems like more and more publishers are doing this kind of cinematic audio production , but I do n't think anyone does it as well as Galaxy . The voices , music , and sound effects hit you seemingly from every direction , putting you right in the middle of the action . The passage I quoted above is a perfect example of this . All through the scene we hear Breeze grunting and straining at the controls , the light framework of the glider rattling , rain spattering the cockpit , wind howling , lightning crashing ; adrenaline junkies beware . If you 've never experienced this kind of audio production , you 're in for a real treat.Steven Brandt - Audiobook Heaven
 `` Sky Birds Dare ! `` by L. Ron Hubbardmulticast performanceproduced by Galaxy Audioto be released November , 2011Approx 2 hoursPulp magazines -LRB- often referred to as `` the pulps '' -RRB- , also collectively known as pulp fiction , refers to inexpensive fiction magazines published from 1896 through the 1950s . The typical pulp magazine was seven inches wide by ten inches high , half an inch thick , and 128 pages long . Pulps were printed on cheap paper with ragged , untrimmed edges . The name pulp comes from the cheap wood pulp paper on which the magazines were printed . Magazines printed on better paper were called `` glossies '' or `` slicks . '' They were most often priced at ten cents per magazine , while competing slicks were 25 cents apiece . Pulps were the successor to the penny dreadfuls , dime novels , and short fiction magazines of the 19th century.Although many respected writers wrote for pulps , the magazines are best remembered for their lurid and exploitative stories and sensational cover art . L. Ron Hubbard published many short stories and novellas during this period in these pulps . Galaxy Press has been reprinting these stories and have created their own pulps -LRB- these have better paper quality -RRB- featuring stories from the many genres in which Hubbard wrote . I have to admit my favorites are from the Science-Fiction and Fantasy genres , but recently I 've been exploring some of the other genres . I 've been amazed at what other genres I began liking ; such as Westerns . I never thought I 'd be a fan of westerns , but Hubbard wrote some fun stories in that genre . My favorites , other than sci-fi/fantasy , seem to come from the Air and Sea Adventures , maybe that has to do with my Navy background.What also makes these stories fun is that I 've chosen to listen to these books . I love audio books and when I first tried out one of these stories from Galaxy Audio , I was amazed . First of all they sound like old radio dramas , like back in the day the stories were originally published , and the talent behind these productions is phenomenal . Starting with the actors , these stories take on a new life with superb voice actors performing them . The actors even give the characters a larger than life feel which is true to the Hubbard stories.The next aspect of these stories in audiobook is the sound effects and music . Between chapters and stories Galaxy Audio segues with original music that blends perfect with in the genre . The sound effects are perfect and at the same time subtle enough to not be overbearing . They sweep you up into the story and do n't allow you to let go until the end.This story , `` Sky Birds Dare ! , '' was originally published in Five-Novels Monthly September , 1936 . and tells the story of a glider pilot , trying to demonstrate the value of gliders and gliding techniques in war . Not only does he have to convince the Navy of their value but he has to survive a competitor 's ruthless attempts to destroy him.Ace glider pilot Breeze Callaghan is an definitely an Ace when it comes to gliders , although he has never flown a powered aircraft . There are two ways Breeze believes they can be used to aid the war effort
 What I liked about this story was that it really showed the value of understanding flying gliders to assist with powered flight . This story was written decades prior to Captain Sullenberger making his famous landing in the Hudson River , once again proving the value of glider training . As is usual with Hubbard 's adventures , it is very fast paced and incredibly enjoyable telling the story of ace glider pilot Breeze Callahan who is trying to sell the Navy on the importance of using gliders in training pilots .
 Feldman 's book is an intelligently written discussion of both the history of church-state law in the U.S. and the current debates that engage our society . Feldman works his way from the founding to the latest Supreme Court decisions of the last 15 years which have reshaped the interpretation of the Establishment Clause ; the result is a fascinating overview of the legal and cultural evolution of America 's ideas about church and state.The great strength of this book is its focus on ideas and their development . Feldman does an excellent job laying out the reasoning used by various sides of the church-state debates over the last 200 years ; he also frequently critiques these historical arguments , not as a partisan , but as more of a guide to these debates.There are two larger issues that were problematic for me in this book : First , I think Feldman 's discussion of the church-state arguments made by the framers of the Constitution is too cursory and somewhat oversimplified . The Founding-era debates were arguably the most sophisticated and philosophically complex of all in American church-state history , and a bulkier , more rigorous chapter would have been better . After having read such great historical studies on this era as `` The Sacred Fire of Liberty , '' `` Original Meanings , '' and `` The Founding Fathers and The Place of Religion in America , '' I was disappointed in this part of Feldman 's book.Second , I think Feldman overemphasizes the partisan divide over church and state in our contemporary culture . This sentence captures Feldman 's outlook : '' ... no single , unified theory or logical reason can explain the arrangements we now have . They are the product of an ongoing battle . The field has changed , some objectives have been captured and others lost , and disorder reigns . `` Probably only the most active players and partisans would view the current status as an ` ongoing battle ' where ` some objectives have been captured . ' Most reasonable Americans are likely to find many of the recent Supreme Court decisions relying on Justice O'Connor 's ` endorsement test ' a fair compromise in tune with the deeper principle motivating the First Amendment . At the very least , I doubt that most Americans fall neatly into either of the two warring camps Feldman describes , although there are activist groups that certainly do fit.This is a great book - one of best books on the subject I have read covering the specific legal and cultural arguments over all of American history and not just a specific era . I highly recommend it .
 While I find Mr. Feldman solution to the Church-State problem overly simplistic and probably unworkable , I found the book in general to be very useful . It helps one to understand the series of events that have brought the United States to today 's church/state quagmire . The history leading up to a situation is always useful in understanding that situation -LRB- and possibly finding solutions and compromises to solve problems . -RRB- The majority of Mr. Feldman 's book deals with the history of how we arrived at where we are today . It is readable , not overly verbose and easy to follow and understand . Mr. Feldman has written with little or no editorial content in describing the history of the church/state problem . He is to be congratulated for this effort and his book read in the context of the clear concise history he presents .
 If the church - state debate interests you , you owe it to yourself to get informed . This book does an excellent job of blowing up all the talking points , from both sides of the political spectrum and helps the reader understand what happened and see both sides of this fascinating issue . Here 's a list of interesting , historical observations which vary from the typical left and right talking points.The nation was NOT founded by Christians . Most of the founders were deists who believed in a creator , but were NOT traditional christians.Those who wrote the constitution did not think christian symbols , prayer in public ceremonies or other chrsitian trappings `` established '' religion.Bible reading was prominent in public schools all the way into the middle of the 20th century and was viewed as a way of establishing public morality . It was NOT viewed as establishing religion.The judges who created a more severe interpretation of the establishment clause were influenced by the events of World War II , where millions were killed on the basis of their religion alone . The idea that they might have been power hungry , liberal and secular judges is not strongly supported by the facts . Justice Black who wrote the first opinion in 1947 that called for a `` high wall of separation '' was a former klansman and was concerned about one religion holding sway , not with building a secular country.The establishment clause was originally applied only to federal matters.There are many more fascinating historical facts that will help inform and broaden your grasp of this issue.I highly recommend this book .
 The author first gives a very detailed history of the church-state relationship in this country , which helps him support his thesis that the religious clauses to the first amendment should only be used to prevent financial entanglement , as opposed to symbolic -LRB- ie manger scene in front of city hall -RRB- .
 This book does an absolutely fantastic job of laying out an objective history of church-state issues in America . The author places a particular emphasis on the interplay between church and education . Considering the large role government plays in American education this is perhaps logical . If the book had stopped at the history lesson I would have given it five stars . Unfortunately , perhaps because of the pundit media culture in which we live , the author felt compelled to throw in some advocation at the end of the book.I braced myself for the conlusion ... Would I love it ? Would I hate it and shout out loud at my book as though the author could actually hear my disgust ? Unfortunately neither . The conclusion is undeveloped , sophomoric , and perhaps worst of all ... BORING ! I found myself not caring at all about what this guy had to say . I actually had trouble finishing the book after absolutely loving the first 95 % of it.So basically I loved the history -LRB- which is almost all of the book -RRB- but hated the conclusion .
 Unlike the rest of the `` reviewers '' , I think that this book : `` Divided by God : America 's Church-State Problem '' addresses a very real problem within the culture of the United States . WE THE PEOPLE , who are Christians , regardless of theological stripe , want control of the nation and each other.Feldman addresses the history of the problem extremely accurately . His recounting of that history may be a little dry but his conclusions are on target , in my humble opinion.This is a book written for this time , for unlike any time previous to this , we are in national crisis attempting to determine who shall rule the `` ways and means of our country '' . This book , and I would recommend its inclusion as a textbook in college religion courses or sociology/anthropology courses , is an avenue of addressing the issues ar large within our culture.Read this book ! This book is an indepth study of the history of the difficulties of our `` balanced '' church-state relationship . This book makes perfect sense in the context of our confused times .
 Now at Harvard Law , at the time he wrote this book Feldman taught law at New York University . He has emerged as one of the nation 's leading experts on the relationship of church and state . He argues that the Founding Fathers , and the United States Constitution they left us , never intended to separate religion and politics or even religion and state via an impermeable `` wall of separation . '' Rather , they intended what they said in the First Amendment
 Divided by God
 Did you know the Constitution never mentions God , and it explicitly stops Congress from `` establishing '' a religion ? Yet , the official motto of our country is `` In God We Trust . '' Did you know that President John Adams made Thanksgiving a day of fasting and mortification ? Save for perhaps the pain Detroit Lions ' fans always seem to endure on the third Thursday in November , modern Thanksgivings are a far cry from Adams ' ideal . Clearly , times have changed but God and religion , as Feldman lays out , are very much part of our heritage . His brilliant book , Divided by God , begs the question
 What is it anyways ? I think the entire premise of this book is based on the history of the concept of secularism and all the definitions associated with it . Because of his legal background , Feldman draws together the cases that have helped shape America 's face with the history behind the cases . It is very interesting to see how America 's idea of secularism has changed and why . This book is well complimented by Stark and Finke 's `` Acts of Faith '' and `` Habits of the Heart '' by Bella et all .
 In `` Divided By God '' Noah Feldman examines the church state issue from the problem of state , and colony , sponsored churches faced by the Founding Fathers , traces the history of church state relations , and how the ideas of the Founding Fathers were interpreted , from then to now . At the end he poses a possible solution that is well worth considering . His scholarship is excellent , and his writing is thoroughly readable . Those who have strong secularist tendencies as well as those with strong religious convictions should read this `` outside the box '' and potential solution to a huge dividing factor in American political life today .
 Mr. Feldman has brought a lot of clear thinking , history , and a legal opinion to the separation of church and state in the US . Like a good legal opinion , much of the book is on prerequisites , i.e. history . Only in the last fifty pages or so does he get to the present and future.It is an interesting problem . We -LRB- that 's the universal we , as everyone must think like I do -RRB- look at Islamic fundamentalists as somewhat crazy . Yet it seems that the American fundamentalists are not too far different in their blowing up of abortion clinics , or Pat Robertson wanting to kill the President of Venezuela -LRB- or maybe just kidnap him -RRB- . It further seems that the more science learns about things , the more that some people reject the scientific evidence in favor of knowing in their own mind that God did n't do it that way.I 'm not so sure that this is n't just a current fad . One day the Democrats will decide that they want to get back into power and start putting together candidates that can win . Perhaps then we 'll go back to some form of sanity .
 This is a really nice little book with a quality binding that is a perfect affordable wedding gift for anyone you know . It contains the complete text of Song of Songs in the new Broadman Standard Translation . Also , it has many passages and quotes about love from different writers throughout the ages . It is the perfect affordable gift to give or receive . It is surprising that it is n't more widely known . The flip side of that is that it will be a gift that your friends will not receive from anyone else .
 This book found me as I was on my way to be with my special aunt who is dying with cancer . It has brought my relationship with God even closer , giving me strength during these trying times and I thank God for allowing me to find such a wonderful book . Its inspirational , comforting and words can not express how it has made me feel . God bless those who wrote it and those who read it .
 You wo n't regret buying this book . It will make you feel even closer to God .
 Buying this as Xmas gift for my closest friends ! It was given to me as gift from my sister and I always reach for it when I need encouragement ! Best gift I ever gotten , hoping it will be the same for my friends !
 This book is beyond amazing . With each letter and scripture I read I hear the voice of God speaking to me at that very moment . His Word is the only truth and this little book is filled with so much . It has the power to wipe out Any other `` self-help '' book .
 I bought this delightful book for my wife , who planned to pass it along to a group of her friends who share special books among themselves . It was so good , I read it myself ! And I found it to be spiritually uplifting . Highly recommended !
 I have read other promises book but this one stands alone . It took me awhile to figure out what was so special about it . For each promise , there is a letter to you from God . The words are all from Scripture but it is written in such a way , that you can almost hear God speaking them and see His compassionate eyes looking into yours . On more than one occassion , while reading this book , I could almost feel God 's arms wrap around me and tell me all would be well . Or saying , `` Come on girl ! I 'm with you . Let 's go ! '' It is a wonderful book . The Bible tells us that the Word of God is food to nurish our bodies ; think of this book as a power drink ! I have given away several copies and every woman I have given it too has been amazed at the power it has had in their lives !
 As a history major in college with an emphasis on the Medieval period I was blessedly introduced to Henry Adams . It 's been forty some years since I first read Mont Saint Michel and Chartres and this is still the best . It is a spiritual journey into the heart of the Middle Ages , both secular and sacred . Simply put
 history intermingled with interesting knowledge about architecture ; reader needs a decent amount of European history to include the Catholic Christian history ; interesting but sophisticated ;
 Twenty years ago , I first read this book and was driven by Adams ' compelling study of these two cathedrals to spend a decade studying Medieval and Renaissance literature . Adams at times finds his enthusiasm for his subjects embarrassing , but gives in to it nevertheless and writes a brilliant and joyous paean to these cathedrals and to the spirit that created them . Rereading this book now , twenty years later , I remember the thrill of reading it the first time , and it sparks my own enthusiasm all over again .
 A reading of Richard Brookhiser 's recent -LRB- and highly recommended -RRB- * America 's First Dynasty * sent me back to * Mont Saint Michel and Chartres * , a book I had n't read in thirty years . I 'm glad I returned to it , because a few years have , I trust , put me in a better position to appreciate what 's going on in the book.On one level , the most obvious one , Adam 's book is a sometimes idiosyncratic history of Medieval art , literature , and religion that takes as its center of gravity the great Gothic cathedrals of the period -- structures that Adams thinks sum up what the middle ages are all about . To read the book on this level alone is fine . It provides intriguing insights into , for example , courtly love and the cult of Mary.But I now believe that , at a deeper level , the book is disguised autobiography on the one hand and a backhanded history of Adams 's own time on the other . An at times overwhelming sense of nostalgia permeates the book . In reading Adams on the 11th century mystics , the debates of the schoolmen , the chansons of the troubadours , and the unified worldview of the middle ages , one can almost hear him sigh with longing to return to a world which , he thinks , was whole , unfractured , and pure -- a world , as the medievals themselves would 've said , which reflects `` integritas . '' This reveals a great deal about the restless , unquiet nature of Henry Adams the man . But it also reveals the restless , unquiet nature of the modern era which spawned and molded him
 Henry Adams ' MONT SAINT MICHEL AND CHARTRES -LRB- MSMC -RRB- is simply a great book . Adams ' lucid writing style and his insights are impressive , and this book should be read by every supposedly `` educated '' individual . Adams deals with complex topics such as Gothic Architecture , Medieval poetry and mysticsim , and Scholastic Philosophy with clarity and ease.The early sections of MSMC compare the church of Mont Saint Michel with the Catholic view of St. Michel who was militant and was the perfect example of the Medieval hero defending the Catholic Church against all enemies . The comparison with this church with that of Chartres which was the examplar of God 's mercy via St. Mary is insighful and facinating reading.Such embellishment of St. Mary or Notre Dame -LRB- Our Lady -RRB- is further investigated in Adams book by Adams ' careful treatment of Medieval Poetry . Adams 's translations of Medieval French and Latin are good and give those who are not familiar with these languages a better understanding of both the poetry and the Medieval devotion to St. Mary.Much of this peotry was mystical , and Adams demonstrates the attempt of St. Francis and the Franciscans to use such mystical thought in their missionary efforts to help the very poor . St. Francis ' mysticism is revealed in Adams ' translation of St. Francis ' poem titled BROTHER SUN AND SISTER MOON.Henry Adams then compares and contrasts Medieveal mysticism , which bordered on Pantheism , with Scholastic Philosophy . Adams gives the reader an insight to scholastic debate when he summarizes the debate between William of Champaux and Peter Abelard -LRB- 1079-1142 -RRB- . Here Adams demonstrates his understanding of how students and masters argued and learned . He also shows the careful balence the Catholic authorities tried to impose between reasoned debate and heresy.The last section of the book deals with the Angelic Doctor , St. Thomas Aquinas -LRB- 1225-1274 -RRB- . Adams careful treatment of Aquinas ' thought is worth the price of the book . Adams gives the Angelic Doctor high praise for both his clear thinking and liberality . Adams also effectively deals with the liberality of the Medieval Catholic authorities who canonized so many men whose views were apparently contradcitory.Henry Adams ' MONT SAINT MICHEL AND CHARTRES is intellectual history at its best . The book deals with complex ideas and views in an attractive literary style which holds the readers ' interest . This reviewer has read this book numerous times since he first read it in 1968 and has never found the book to be boring . Readers should also read Thomas Woods HOW THE CATHOLIC CHURCH BUILT WESTERN CIVILIZATION and compare Woods sections on the High Middle Ages with Adams ' book .
 Mont-Saint-Michel and Chartres should be considered and read alongside The Education of Henry Adams . In Chartres , he described the medieval world view as reflected in its cathedrals , which he believed expressed `` an emotion , the deepest man ever felt -- the struggle of his own littleness to grasp the infinite . '' Adams was drawn to the ideological unity expressed in Roman Catholicism and symbolized by the Virgin Mary ; he contrasted this coherence with the uncertainties of the 20th century . An intellectual journey of an American 's view of France .
 A friend suggested I read this book as I love most things French and especially Medieval buildings . I have visited both places before but obviously did not take in the detail Adams did on his visit to them . His tales are delightful , though sometimes hard to follow . The book is intellectual but really anyone can sit down and read this and be entertained.Before reading this book I had been researching the Cathars of 11th-12th century France and this made a delightful addition to my reading on the Cathars . I recommend this book because it is stimulating , the imagery is wonderful , and it is historical .
 Los libros de Barbara Johnson son balsamo para el alma , no importa cual sea tu problema o cuan deprimida estes , la lectura de sus libros te provoca una carcajada y de repente te das cuenta de que no eres tan miserable como te sientes y le das gracias a Dios por el don que le dio a esta hermosa mujer y por haber puesto sus libros en tu camino ; yo realmente he estado en `` Los pozos ciegos de la vida '' , un lugar al que no deseo volver , pero sus libros fueron la palmada de Dios en mi espalda que desesperadamente necesitaba en esos momentos , los recomiendo ampliamente , ya seas creyente o no .
 Either in its original German or in this English translation by Joan Hussey , `` History of the Byzantine State '' is a standard reference used in other modern historical books on Byzantium ; at least two authors I have read openly praise the book in their own bibliographies as the best work on Byzantine history . It is hard to disagree with this assessment , since this tome is really that good and the research which went into it is nothing short of painstaking . George Ostrogorsky introduces his narrative with a thorough overview of the development of Byzantine studies from the sixteenth century onwards , followed by the history of the Empire proper by sections , each of which covers a specific historical period . In addition , each section is prefaced by an excellent bibliographical narrative of Byzantine sources which cover the period in question ; these narratives put together provide the reader with a very instructive literary history of Byzantium . Ostrogorsky has a penchant for detail in both the text and the extensive footnotes accompanying it . But let the reader beware
 George Ostrogorsky 's book covers all Byzantine history from Diocletian and Constantine to the fall of Constantinople in 1453 . It is , moreover , intelligible and useful to the nonspecialist with only a broad historical background . Its particular value is that it imparts an understanding of the * process * of Byzantine history , especially in three key periods . First , the transformation of the decrepit East Roman Empire to a viable state able to withstand great adversities and heavy defeats . Second , the reinvigoration of that state after the iconoclast crisis and its rise to great power . Finally , the unintentionally suicidal policies adopted after the death of Basil II , which led to the breaking of Byzantium 's back only fifty years later . Ostrogorsky 's copious footnotes - happily , not endnotes - are especially useful because they cite many arguments and authors with which Ostrogorsky himself disagrees . Thus he provides easy access to views other than his own . There are a few minor irritants in the softcover edition , the absence of most of Ostrogorsky 's excellent maps being the main one . There is also some little use of untranslated and untransliterated Greek . But neither deficiency adversely affects the book 's overall value .
 Ostrogorsky has put together a good single-volume survey of the thousand years of Byzantium . The tale begins , standardly , with Diocletian and Constantine , and ends with the fall of Constantinople in 1453 . He takes an omniscient view of Byzantium , focusing neither on the lives and deeds of the Emperors nor the cultural and religious developments , but telling a well-balanced narrative . In that it serves as a useful introduction . However , Ostrogorsky writes without any passion , and fails to humanize the major figures . There are , though , several excellent maps that put others to shame . In all , the book is worth owning for the factual narrative and great maps . If you are looking for an impassioned and entertaining story you should pick up John Julius Norwich instead .
 Ostrogorsky 's History of the Byzantine State is an excellent book for the scholar , as well as the interested reader to use for any understanding of the history of the Byzantine Empire . Well written , concise , and thoroughly interesting , Ostrogorsky depicts the transition of a multi-cultural Late Roman Empire , to a smaller but more centralized and powerful Byzantine State , that became the cultural Renaissance for Eastern Europe and the Near East . Anyone wishing to expand his/her knowledge on this important time in history will not be disappointed to read this work
 Ostrogorski 's History of the Byzantine State does a great job describing the relationship between the state , the civil and military aristoracy and small holders.He starts this theme during the early tenth century and carries it forward to the end of the book . It is a story of how the state becomes less and less able to defend itself against the aristocracy.While other writers speak of Ostrogorski 's lack of passion about Byzantium 's last centuries , this is also an advantage because it allows him to focus on political and military causes of the Empire 's decline after 1025 . A few years ago I read Vassliev 's two volume book on Byzantium and enjoyed it very much . In particular , those looking for a lengthy discussions of culture would do better with Vassilev.But it was only after reading Ostrogoski that I got a clear understanding of the political change after the death of Basil II -LRB- and the role of Psellus in them -RRB- , the wars against Michael VIII after the recapture of Constantinople in 1261 and fourteenth century civil wars.In addition , this is a very well written book . In particular , Ostrogoski does a great job of starting his paragraphs with short , pithy topic sentences . He is also very good at drawing broad comparisons across Byzantine history -LRB- Vassilev , by contrast , tends to get caught up in details -RRB- . In sum , while I am glad I read Vassilev first , Ostrogoski 's book has given me a much stronger sense of the outlines of Byznatine history .
 `` Roman political concepts , Greek culture , and the Christian faith were the main elements which determined Byzantine development . Without all three the Byzantine way of life would have been inconceivable . It was the integration of Hellenistic culture and the Christian religion within the Roman imperial framework that gave rise to that historical phenomenon which we know as the Byzantine Empire . '' Thus begins the first paragraph of George Ostrogorsky 's masterful narrative of Byzantine history . As this quotation demonstrates , Ostrogorsky 's writing is a model of erudition , clarity , and efficiency . It would be hard to improve the quality of his prose , and he maintains this level of scholarship throughout the 500 + pages of main text . But the writing has a natural fluidity which carries the reader along rather effortlessly throughout the full span of East Roman/Byzantine history , from 284 A.D. -LRB- rise of Emperor Diocletian -RRB- to 1453 A.D. -LRB- fall of Constantinople to the Turks -RRB- . Ostrogorsky gives this inherently rich and fascinating material the virtuoso treatment it deserves , and the reader is rewarded on every page by Ostrogorsky 's efforts.Of course , readers of this English translation from the original German of the 3rd edition -LRB- 1963 -RRB- of Ostrogorsky 's `` History of the Byzantine State '' owe an immense debt to Professor Joan M. Hussey , whose rendering of the German into English is a masterpiece in its own right . Moreover , through the collaboration of Professors Ostrogorsky and Hussey , the truly extensive references and footnotes have been brought up to date from the 1940 German 1st ed . to the 1967 time-frame of Hussey 's 2nd English edition presented here . Of course , in the intervening 40 + years a veritable explosion in the fields of Late Antique and Byzantine studies has taken place , but Ostrogorky 's mastery of the original sources , and the German , French , Italian , English , and Slavic secondary literature will not soon be replicated . `` History of the Byzantine State '' is a delight to read , and is divided into 8 main chapters . These chapters are respectively subdivided into numbered sections , and both chapters and sections are clearly titled , so that the breadth of Byzantine History is clear through a glance at the Table of Contents.Other reviewers have complained that Ostrogorsky 's writing is dry and lacks a `` human touch . '' I found the opposite to be the case
 Recommended for anyone serious about understanding the Byzantine Empire in depth . A richly detailed examination of of both the topic and its historiography .
 Proof that `` I Love Lucy '' will live on forever in the hearts of those who loved her best , her fans . President of ` Lucyfan Enterprises ' and the ` We Love Lucy Fan Club ' , Tom Watson creates a beautiful book of classic moment photographs , `` did you know ... '' tidbits and those little behind the scenes production disasters that you did n't know about until now . Trivia facts , memorable quotes , inspirations for the episodes and characters we loved best make this book one to own and treasure for years to come . A must have !
 this book is a must have for every LUCY-DESI fan all over the world . it contains beautiful pictures and a lot of information about each episode . it is part of my collection and I see myself coming back to it everytime to look something up.is one of the most complete books I have ever encountered .
 Tom Watson has surely created a fantastic book that will help the memory of one of the most successful tv sitcoms ever carry on . Seeing and reading all the unknown tidbits on some of my favorite epsidoes of I Love Lucy is just grand ! Every I Love Lucy fan should own this book . What a great way to make sure the memory of I Love Lucy and a wonderful actress , Lucille Ball , stay with us as years go by ! Take a ride through many all too funny faces of Lucy !
 This is a great book for behind the scenes pictures of the cast and the stage they worked on . I have owned this book for about a year , and come back to look at it all the time . Lucille Ball is my favorite actress , and I just love her to pieces ! This book contains photos of their set and everyday life . It also conatains some stories of their lives , so if you are a Lucy fan like me , do n't miss this book !
 '' I LOVE LUCY '' WAS 1 OF THE BEST TV SHOWS IN THE 1950 'S AND IS THE BEST SHOW EVER . '' I LOVE LUCY '' CLASSIC MOMENTS BOOK IS A MUST FOR ANY `` I LOVE LUCY '' FAN . IT SHOWS YOU THE CLASSIC MOMENTS IN WHAT THE BEST TV SHOW THAT WAS EVER MADE.LUCILLE BALL AND DESI ARNAZ MADE WHAT THE SHOW WAS , ALSO VIVIAN VANCE AND WILLIAM FRAWLEY WILL ALWAYS BE REMEMBERED AS FRED AND ETHEL MERTZ AT 323 E. 68TH ST. I FINSHED THIS BOOK AND I TRULY ENJOYED IT .
 I am watching the I Love Lucy DVD sets right now . I loved to watch the TV show when I was a little kid right up through adulthood . This book is a great help while watching the DVDs . I can look up an episode that I really loved and read more about it . Memories can be stirred up or I can find out more about the show for the first time . My only regret is that the book is n't comprehensive . It deals with the best episodes and not all of them . I would love a book that deals with all the episodes but maybe it would be too big .
 This is a really nice look at I Love Lucy . The pictures are great . I just wish they would have been able to include more episodes .
 The Letter Writer by Robert Mercer-Nairne is a compelling satirical spoof of those frantic get-rich-quick schemes and too-good-to-be-true financial intrigues that were to climax in the great stock market crash of 2000 . In a prosperous Seattle suburb , an assemblage of ordinary and seemingly well-off individuals have the -LRB- mis -RRB- fortune to encounter a free copy of `` The Rich Man 's Investment Letter '' . They sign up for one of his Golden Cruises and entire the stock market ... just before the 2001 crash ! At times scathing , witty , rollicking funny or all too serious , The Letter Writer is a compelling parable of greed , overreaching , vanity , and the human struggle to understand what truly matters in life ... when not diverted by material wants and needs . Although a work of fiction , The Letter Writer is strongly recommended reading for anyone taking `` flyers '' in stock market schemes in the hope of getting rich quick .
 Robert Mercer-Nairne 's The Letter Writer is a compelling novel , bringing together the lives of several Seattle-area residents in a most unlikely way . But when most of those residents go together on The Letter Writer 's cruise to Hawaii , things suddenly start to change.The Letter Writer is a wonderful novel , with just enough complexity to make it interesting and hold your attention , but not so much that the characters get mixed up in your mind . Novels like The Letter Writer are my favorite ; I call them great airplane books , because they 're so fascinating they hold your interest through late and delayed flights , turbulence , crying babies and roaring jet engines.Mercer-Nairne skillfully weaves together the life circumstances of several characters . Until the middle of the book , you wonder where he 's going with his characters , but then you begin to see just what he has in mind . It 's not until the epilogue , however , that you find out all of the many twists and turns , most of them very surprising , that have taken place in the book.The book has 351 pages , with 57 chapters , plus an epilogue ; none of the chapters are very long , but several of them are further divided . This is one of the things that makes The Letter Writer great reading in my opinion ; while it 's certainly written so that it can be picked up and put down , you wo n't want to do that . You 'll want to read it as fast as possible.I think The Letter Writer would make a fabulous movie , but at any rate , I 'm looking for more novels from Mr. Mercer-Nairne .
 Rebeccasreads highly recommends THE LETTER WRITER as a leisurely saga of Seattle-ites from old wealth & hopeful entrepeneurs , & what happens when each receives a newsletter touting a once-in-a-lifetime deal.Enter a cast of regional characters with histories & agendas , quite ably sketched , meandering along in a very Northwest fashion ... -LRB- I live here , so I can say that ! -RRB- until , in Part II , they set sail for Hawaii on David Dulalley 's Golden Cruise.On the high seas , surrounded by luxury & ulterior motives , marriages start cracking at the seams , seductions occur around every corner , & deceit winds its bitter tentacles around the charming & the loathesome , the naive & the lecherous , the suave & the desperate.THE LETTER WRITER is quite absorbing -- a tad heavy on the financial intricacies -- a lively parable about greed , foolhardy optimism , vanity & the struggle to understand what truly matters .
 Mercer Nairne is as good a writer as I 've read in a long time . He has original style , a flair for literary nuance , and impeccable plot timing and structure . The Letter Writer is simply a splendid work , a real eye-opener into a slice of American culture , replete with get-rich-quick schemes and the like.Highly , highly , recommended .
 The Letter Writer is a fine work of fiction by an author with a unique and distinct voice . Mercer-Nairne captures a facet of American culture with vivid characters , a compelling storyline , and a wonderful writing style.I recommend this book highly to all lovers of good fiction.I feel strongly Mercer-Nairne is destined for literary stardom ; he is that talented .
 Fast-paced , thoroughly enjoyable account of greed , excess , boredom , and intrigue in America in the early days of the millennium . Accurate portrayal of the stock market swings at that time.June 2000 . In a prosperous Seattle suburb , material life could hardly be better . But pastor Lars Renquist wonders if it is n't too good . Wendy , a young divorcee , is torn between an older and younger man . Retiring professor , Pete Hansen , is surrounded by departmental intrigue . Jack , a successful restauranteur , is diverted by Eve . And feisty Adele Whitaker , running largely on a diet of sex and Jack Daniel 's , fights for control of her money . Into these topsy-turvy lives falls a free copy of The Rich Man 's Investment Letter put out by the irrespressible David Dulalley , who is not without personal intrigues of his own . Lured by the prospect of financial security and stock market gains , this intriguing cast of characters sign up for one of his Golden Cruises and plunge into the stock market for the first time -- just before the crash of 2001 ! -- This masterly account of modern America is a feast of characters , crosscurrents , foolishness and hope .
 I could not put this book down until I reached the end -- and then I did n't want it to end . I will certainly be watching for more books by this author . It has been a long time since I have read such a thoroughly enjoyable book . Well done !
 This book is one of the best in the Saint-Germain series . This is the second book I have bought , since the first one was read so many times it fell apart .
 This is the first book I read about the Saint-Germain character . It is an interesting take on vampires . Everyone I have recommended this series of books to has fallen in love with Saint-Germain . You also learn so much about the time period in which each book is set . I do think she spends too much time describing the clothing but it is worth it for the rest of the stories .
 This is the book where it all started . We meet Olivia , Rogerian , and get details about St Germain 's early life . The book is very fast paced and an exciting read .
 The honorable vampire , said to be from Dacia yet not a Dacian , survives the horror of Nero 's Rome and the enmity of Romans , Persians , and Greeklings . As always , historical accuracy and details of Roman life make it compelling .
 The story of when the Count Saint-Germain meets Olivia , in ancientRome , and tries to help her with the abuse she is suffering . Again , thehistorical detail is very interesting.This is one decision of the Count Saint-Germains , when it comes tovampirism , that was a good one . A very stable individual that does n'tcause him any problems later on .
 Blood Games is set in Nero 's Rome , in the 817th Year of the City . -LRB- about 60 C.E. -RRB- The book is the third one written in the series ; it is one of the earliest in terms of historical chronology . Despite being the third one written , it is a good one to start with if one is first starting the whole series , because this is the book in which St. Germain acquires his bondsman , Roger , who will be a continuing character in the series . The spectacles at the Circus Maximus form a large part of the book , along with the corruption of Roman politics . The book is well titled ; there is a great deal of blood and violence both in and out of the arena . Atta Olivia Clemens is the wife of Senator Cornelius Justus Silius , one of the most corrupt and perverse of the Romans . St. Germain rescues her from his cruelties through bringing her `` to his life , '' that is , turning her into a vampire also . Olivia will be a continuing character in the series for another millenium and a half . An epilogue set in the 855th Year of the City gives perspective , and establishes the pattern of letters between Olivia and St. Germain which is used in future books of the series to set the scene and bring us up to date.Those who already know that they like vampire novels , anything at all that features a vampire , can skip this review , and likewise , those who hate the whole idea of vampires can skip it . But for those trying to decide whether or not to read more of this genre , or whether the one vampire novel you 've already read was a fluke , it may help if we have some ways to categorize these novels . Thus
 Though this is not the first in the series , this is a good introduction to Chelsea Quinn Yarbro 's great creation , the Comte de Saint-Germain , a noble , a man of righteousness , and - oh , yes - a vampire who has lived , at the time of this tale , for several thousand years.I had not read any of Yarbro 's tales of Saint-Germain for quite a while and it is a pleasure to come back to them . These stories are a worthy alternative to Anne Rice 's tales of Lestat , Louis , Armand , and all the other denizens of her dark world . The world of Saint-Germain is much lighter by comparison , and also contains far more action and intrigue than any of Rice 's works -LRB- with the possible exception of `` The Queen of the Damned '' -RRB- . This does not mean I dislike Rice 's books . Quite the contrary , in fact - but Yarbro paints a far less shadowy world than Rice does.Here we meet one of the great loves of Saint-Germain 's long life - Atta Olivia Clemens . She has been horribly abused by her husband , a Senator of the Roman Empire around the time of Nero . To call him a pervert is to make light of his atrocities ; in addition he has political ambitions that are almost as sickening as his sexual ones . It is this man , Cornelius Justus Silius , who is Saint-Germain 's adversary in this novel , although the two of them do not actually do battle in any true sense of the word - and it is their actions against each other , and events related to those actions , which make up the core of this book.Along the way Yarbro has much to teach us about vampire lore . There is no mention of the use of a cross - but then again , this novel takes place at the time of Nero , and the Christians were just beginning to make themselves noticed at this time . If Yarbro is correct , vampires are apparently more resilient than both Anne Rice and Bela Lugosi would have us believe . They can live in sunlight , provided they are insulated in some manner by their native earth . In the same manner , they can cross running water - something I did not know affected vampires until I read it here . And they can create others of their kind , but not just in the way that Rice describes -LRB- I leave it to you to read this book to discover how -RRB- . At various points in this story there is also mention of Saint-Germain 's past . Some are just vague -LRB- but intriguing -RRB- hints ; others are more explicit . There is also some mention of his birthplace , and I would definitely like to know more about that particular part of the Comte de Saint-Germain . He is such a fascinating individual that I will definitely be buying more of Yarbro 's tales , to learn more about this worthy vampire and the worlds -LRB- plural intended -RRB- he lives in .
 I had never considered reading a vampire novel until I stumbled across `` Blood Games '' while searching for novels on ancient Rome . St. Germain 's dangerous yet compellingly compassionate character completely drew me into the story and I 've since been reading my way through the rest of his history . Ancient Rome 's excesses and casual disregard for human life is sharply contrasted with the vampire 's compassion and loyalty to the people around him . His essential `` humanity '' is shown most in his relationship to Olivia , the horrifically abused wife of the villian , who becomes one of the enduring loves of his life . If you 've never before considered reading a vampire novel you 'll change your mind once you 've met St. Germain .
 Chelsea Quinn Yarbro 's extremely civilized , debonair vampire protagonist Comte de Saint-Germain appears in `` Blood Games '' as Ragoczy Sanct ' Germain Franciscus , an import/shipping magnate living in the Rome of Emperor Nero . As a matter of fact , the year before this story begins , in 64 AD , a mammoth fire raged through Rome for nine days , destroying two-thirds of the city . Although Nero was at the coastal resort of Antium when the fire broke out , -LRB- yes , this is the one where he supposedly played his fiddle ... actually it was a lyre ! -RRB- , the conflagration and subsequent destruction were to his advantage . One of Nero 's more ambitious plans was to tear down a third of Rome so that he could build an elaborate series of palaces that would be known as Neropolis . The senate , however , objected to this proposal . History has put the blame for the fire on Nero - but no one knows to this day how it started.Anyway ... back to `` Blood Games , '' and Rome in 65 AD is busy rebuilding after the disaster . Nero , who began his reign with such promise is showing signs of madness in the extreme . During this period a series of treason laws were put to deadly use against anyone considered a threat . These laws are to have devastating consequences for Sanct ' Germain and those he holds dear . The back-stabbing , political and literal , has not changed since the days when Julius Caesar said . `` Et tu , Brutus ? '' Our protagonist manages to maneuver through the dangers of life in the Big City , surviving seven emperors in as many years , by being politically savvy and above reproach in his business and social dealings . All this changes when he meets and begins to love Atta Olivia Clemens , the wife of the powerful and corrupt Senator Cornelius Justus Silius . The senator delights in degrading and debasing his wife and there is little Sanct ' Germain can do to improve her situation without giving himself away as a vampire with preternatural powers . Sanct ' Germain/Ragoczy will bring Olivia into her Unlife during Roman Emperor Vespasian 's reign -LRB- c. 72 -RRB- . She is a recurring character throughout this series . Roger , a former bondsman from Gades , -LRB- C&aacute;diz , Spain -RRB- , is resurrected by Sanct ' Germain in 71 AD and is introduced here also . He is another recurring character and serves as Saint-Germain 's valet and close friend in future books.A fascinating subplot involves three of Ragoczy 's `` slaves : '' Aumtehoutep , a Ghoul and former novice of Thoth whom the vampire brought back from near death during the reign of Rameses II ; Tishtry an Armenian woman , champion charioteer and horse trainer who volunteers her blood and love ; and Kosrozd , formerly a Persian prince , now a renowned charioteer who wins great sums of money for Sanct ' Germain . As a result of their roles in the novel , much of the narrative is set in the Circus ' Maximus and Flavian , providing terrific action and excitement . `` Blood Games '' is the third book published in the series . I believe there are 16 Saint-Germain novels with a 17th due out soon . I began with `` The Palace '' which is set in Renaissance Florence . `` Hotel Transylvania 's '' setting is Paris , 1743 , and this is my third venture into Ms. Yarbro 's historical-fiction-supernatural world . Ragoczy/Sanct ' Germain is neither Bram Stocker 's brand of vampire nor does he resemble Anne Rice 's Lestat . He IS a hero , not an anti-hero . You wo n't find fangs , gore , and horror of the supernatural kind in `` Blood Games , '' although there 's more than enough blood and violence caused by humans . Our vampire is an exceptionally nice guy - who just happens to have walked the earth since the beginning of time , practically . He does not personify evil , and , unlike other vampiric creations , he is able to stroll about in daylight as long as he carries soil from his homeland in his shoes . He does need blood to survive - but the human donor must be willing to give a pint or two or he wo n't drink . And true emotional attachments nourish Sanct ' Germain as much as the blood he takes . So the concept of `` love '' and affection figure strongly here.I do n't know how important it is to read the books in order of publication as the stories do not take place in chronological order historically . The author has done an extraordinary job of vividly portraying life in the first century Rome with its opulence , excesses , and political and social intrigues . Ms. Quinn Yarbro is truly a master at writing historical fiction . Her research is impeccable and the narrative is filled with fascinating period details.The novel is rich in characters and storyline . I highly recommend it . I liked it enough to order more books in the series . ENJOY!JANA
 I have been reading this line of novels for about five years , and have often had to read them out of sync since they can be very hard to find at the chain stores -LRB- and I have no good local stores to go to -RRB- . I must say that this book should be one of the first that you read if you are beginning the series -LRB- which I HIGHLY recommend -RRB- . The story is set in Nero 's Rome and introduces two of Yarbro 's main characters -LRB- Roger and Olivia -RRB- to the story arc . The writing is magnificent , and the attention to detail in the historical background is wonderful . Rome is portrayed as a wonderfully alien place rather than `` Americans in Togas '' that some historical writers seem to go for . I have a few more Yarbro novels waiting in my read pile now -LRB- Thanks Amazon ! -RRB- and I ca n't wait to read more .
 After having been alive for two thousand years , Sanct ' Germain finds himself in Rome , at the time of Emperor Nero . In the 7 years that follow , during political and social turmoil , Sanct ' Germain meets Atta Olivia Clemens , who is suffering unspeakable torture at the hands of her husband . Together , they save each other through their shared love.Truly , this book was incredibly well researched . Every detail of life in Rome at that time was impeccable - from the vivid descriptions of arena games , to the imperial plots and political backstabbing , it felt as if I was actually there . I also very much enjoyed the way Yarbro portrayed vampires in her novel . Sanct ' Germain was different . He was able to go out in sunlight and cross running water , as long as he took some precautions beforehand . It was also interesting to discover the way he made other vampires ... it was n't what I was expecting . I was fascinated by the way each chapter began with a letter . It gave me a lot more insight into Roman culture than I otherwise could have obtained from just reading the chapters themselves . At times , I found that I looked forward to the letter to come more than the chapter itself!The writing style flowed beautifully . I was especially amazed by how the dialogue sounded so true . Each time a character spoke it made me feel as if I was listening to a Roman citizen speaking . The story line was fascinating . I found the book an incredible page-turner , and the plot progressed smoothly throughout the novel . I could n't wait to see what would happen next.As far as characters go , I really liked Olivia . She had to endure so much at the hands of her husband , and I was in awe of how she was able to handle it as well as she did . She took strength from Sanct ' Germain , and managed to continue on , no matter how hard it was for her . I admired the way she lived for those stolen moments , when it could have been so easy for her to give in and perhaps take her own life . I also really liked Sanct ' Germain . He was so compassionate , and caring , and strong ... admirable qualities in any century . Tishtry was another character I admired . She was very confident in her abilities , and herself . Even though she was a slave , she had a self-respect few people have . Justus , Olivia 's husband , was a character I loved to hate . My breathing came just a little faster each time a chapter focused on him . I did n't know what to expect . It 's been a long time since I 've felt such complete loathing for a literary character.I found myself thinking about the memorable themes in this novel
 This is one of the hardest books of Chelsea Quinn Yarbro 's to find in some areas , but it is worth any trouble you have to go to find it . It 's a gorgeous tale bringing together many of the popular characters from Yarbro 's vampire novels -- Saint Germain , Rogerian , Aumtehotep and Olivia . The attention to Roman history tied in with the personal stories of the characters is some of the most skillful writing I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing . I fully intend to recommend this novel and its fellows to my historical fiction professor . If you have an opportunity to read this book , then grab it . You 'll be grateful for it .
 Ms. Yarbro takes St. Germaine to the ancient world of the Roman Circus and the cruelties that men can to in the name of power and entertainment . Germaine is far more compassionate and kind than most of the so called normal humans . His great love and respect for life cost him dearly , but also allow him to meet a great love for all time
 The third in the Saint-Germain series , this book is set in Nero 's Rome and explains the origins of several characters previously introduced in the first two books . Of the 3 I have read , this one is definitely my favorite , but I do have a soft spot for Roman history . That said , it 's also the first time I 've noticed some historical inaccuracies , which really irked me . As usual , I bogged down in the letters at the beginning of every section , and eventually skipped them altogether .
 Absolutely , the best book I 've ever read . It seems to take Think And Grow Rich to a new level . I wo n't guarantee that if you read this book it will change your life . I will however promise you that if you follow the method and practices in the book , it will change your life . The book is easy to read and as far as I 'm concerned is the Bible of Self Improvement . You do have to work hard at the practices in it though . We all know that nothing comes easy . I feel so strongly about this book that if anyone has any questions and wishes to contact me , please do at simonjhudson@hotmail.com
 This book contains much of the same material as his other books I 've read
 Received a personal recommendation from a man who , beginning back in 1972 , applied all the pricipals Hill has laid out in this book , particularly the chapter on `` Self Dicipline '' ... which in less than three -LRB- 3 -RRB- years time -LRB- that 's 36 months ... less time then some car financing contracts !! -RRB- brought this man from being an alchoholic transient fruit picker ... to where he is today ... a totally financially free man with personal asset value of over $ 22 million dollars & an increasing personal annual income of over $ 4 million . This man , still today , carries & reads this book with him in his briefcase ... wherever he travels .
 This book brought tears of joy to my eyes as I read a story about an acorn on page 115 . It was a simalar happening in my life . This is another Great book by Napoleon Hill that I have added to my library of my most prized collection of Great works of the masters
 If you want all of the areas of your life to improve , notJUST your financial situation , make sure that you read thisbook ! Hill spent a lot of years researching the informationhe shares here , and he became very wealthy because he followedhis own advice.Money and time well spent .
 This book is a must read aside from your bible . It will absoultely and totally change your life . How I got through life without this book is incredulous . Do yourself and anyone you love a favor and get this book , and read it at least every 6 months . You will never be the same again .
 Success is not a destination , but it is the journey . As you travel on that road , you must change in order to improve your situation . This book teaches you `` how to ride life instead of it riding you . '' This is a study book and not just a sit down and read it . A must read
 Say hello to someone who has been using the principles of this book for the past 28 years - -LRB- since 1970 -RRB- . No , I 'm not a trillionaire yet , but then maybe I do n't need to be . But , this book has been one of the foundational pillars for whatever project I have undertaken , and I tell you when I get serious about what I am doing and really focus on putting the principles to work , looming/towering obstacles become as blades of grass , and paralyzing fears become repugnant vapors -LRB- i.e. farts -RRB- at worst , and allies at best . I would recommend a self-study course of The `` Think and Grow Rich '' Action Pack , with this book , with `` Think and Grow Rich '' being the parent book .
 Though the book is sometimes a little difficult to understand it nicely lays out the THOUGHT PROCESS of a successful person - not just financially but in other aspects of life as well . It takes patience to read this one , but if you get what Napolean Hill is trying to put through -LRB- over 20 years of research of the most successful individuals -RRB- you are really getting a MASTER KEY to riches by understanding the SUCCESS PRINCIPLES !
 If you are looking for a very practical look at how to live a life rich in many more ways than money , although money comes to people living life with a ` definite purpose ' as noted in the book .
 I loved `` Think and Grow Rich '' . `` The Master Key to Riches '' book is even better . I especially enjoyed the chapters about `` Applied Faith '' and `` The Law of Cosmic Habitforce '' . I love it ! Thank you !
 This book is mind boggling . Next to the Bible , it is the best book I have ever read . It is very clearly and concisely written and very practical in its application . No one who applies these principles can ever be defeated !!!
 In 1975 I began to follow the precepts of this tome . At a very active age 72 I thought it would be worthwhile to revisit it and it is a great revisit .
 What a great read ! This book by Napoleon Hill complements his `` Think and Grow Rich '' book rather well . One must make sure to follow his steps to the T in acquiring financial freedom .
 Joel Fotinos , a VP at Penguin Group , narrates this fine audiobook offering the blueprint for Napoleon Hill 's wealth strategy to listeners who would understand ` cosmic habitforce ' , sharing wealth , and more . It 's an outstanding guide to wealth-building and riches and is especially lively in audio format , perfect for listening in the car and for any lending library general or business !
 This is a book about the philosophy of Andrew Carnegie - brilliantly put together by Napolean Hill . The book has everything you need to know about what it means to be successful - all you now require is to dream big - and believe that you can do it too . Decide to put all its principles to work and then sit back and watch the amazing changes that you go through . Its tough to change , but worth it .
 After reading Thinkand grow rich I really liked Mr. Hill but found some of his teachings strange . This book on the other hand was great , it had good info and it made a point -LRB- that the master key to riches is your mind -RRB- . I really enjoyed this book . One problem is that much of the teachings come from a new age background , without going into great detail I will just say that one should use disernment while reading this book it has great stuff but also some dangerous stuff .
 I really enjoyed Think and Grow Rich and would love to read this one next . I would like to know if anybody knows if this book has been translated into Spanish , please if anyone knows or has seen it , please let me know via e-mail .
 I `` discover '' this book when i was in college and ever since my live have never been the same.Along with my bible , I have found an exellent companion to wade thruogh the maze of life .
 According to Napoleon Hill , the basic law of prosperity is that to receive you must first provide something of great value . Mr hill stated that he has never benefited anyone in any manner whatsoever without having received in return , from one source or another , 10X as much benefit as he has contributed to others . In comparison with `` Think and Grow Rich '' , `` The Master-Key to Riches '' is a broader , more philosophical manual for wealth of every type , including happiness and life satisfaction . Hill includes 17 principles or `` doors '' thropugh which you must pass to reach the inner chambers where you will find the source of riches . These include the following
 Please , do something for yourself and READ THIS BOOK ! I wish I had read it years ago ... it has changed my life , my reasoning , and my income ... I will never look at things the same as I did before . Please read this book ... I am telling anyone within ear shot about it .
 If you are unfamiliar with Napoleon Hill . I think it is worth a quick `` warning '' that the material is getting to be nearly 100 years old , and the style is sometimes a bit dated . Additionally , like many self-help types , there is a touch of New Age influence and feel good platitudes . Why recommend it then ? Very simply , I believe Hill has the formula right . Distilled down , his focus is on willpower , self-discipline and proper attitude . Truly what you think and truly believe you can achieve . He talks about the 8 princes -LRB- or angels , patron saints , or cosmic forces if you are New Agey -RRB- - like the Prince of Sound Health , or Sound Mind . He talks on the 12 true riches - shich as good health , prosperity and faith . But at the end of the day , the keys are willpower , self-discipline and proper attitude . Follow the philosophy and it will help attain those things - and free you to achieve great things .
 My initial interest with this book was purely for personal gain , i.e. to get rich ! After all , is n't that what the cover implied ? However , as I read , my attitude rapidly changed . Financial wealth is just one of the twelve riches in life that Hill so eloquently discusses . The power that exists within each one of us through self-discipline and determination is literally life changing . This is a lifelong study book !
 All of Napoleon Hill 's books are a `` must read '' ! This one as well as Think and Grow Rich , which is the `` un-disputed champ '' of success books ! I love all of his books , period ! END
 I FIND MYSELF SENDING HIS BOOKS TO YOUNG PEOPLE FINDING JOBS AND CAREERS ... CHALLENGING THEM IN PRESENT ECONOMY . SO MANY THANK ME FOR SHARING HISMESSAGE .
 This is a must read . Anyone who wants to learn anything should read it . A lot of these self help books start to sound the same , but this book relays information in a straight forward way .
 Get it , read it , listen to it , get into your brain and heart and start to implement the things that are there . It will change your life .
 How great that this book is back in print . Now I can quote my favorite Charles Williams line , spoken by the skeleton in one of these plays
 I ca n't say how pleased I am to discover this back in print -LRB- I have a rather expensive used copy -RRB- . I am a huge fan of Charles Williams , and this book is one of my favorites of his , along with the Taliessin poems and All Hallows ' Eve -- with the added benefit that it is n't as impenetrable as the Taliessin poems often are . Thomas Cranmer of Canterbury alone is worth -LRB- to me -RRB- getting the book for , with its sympathetic yet unsparing -LRB- even harsh at times -- Cranmer 's last scene , ooh -RRB- picture of Cranmer mixed with haunting cascading language . Seed of Adam is kind of cool with its rather unorthodox portrayal of Joseph and Adam ; The House by the Stable and its sequel are just fun . Terror of Light is perhaps my favorite after Cranmer ; the portrayal is just so ... right , for example Thomas 's rejoicing in rationality and Saul 's misplaced -LRB- but understood and forgiven -RRB- judgmentalism , and Judas 's -LRB- possibly heretical ? -RRB- authority even in damnation . The only play I do n't love is Judgement at Chelmsford , which is a bit too formal for my taste , with not enough plot , although I 'm sure that actually seeing it probably works better than reading it.If you like plays , and you like Williams ' other work , then I recommend this . Of course , there are lots of people out there who do n't like his erudite and casually-theological/supernatural style , which I do quite understand , and those probably would n't like this either . I would also have to say do n't read all the plays at once , as he has some language tricks he * really likes * , and reading them three times in a row is a bit tiresome .
 For Charles Williams Words are everything . Why ? We are not God and we do n't live in heaven , so Words are the things we must stand by . A Word is much more than an utterance said , or written . It is , for Williams , an act of adoration -- or blasphemy . It is the stuff that fills up life and makes it human . Or not . That , I think , is the key to Williams plays . Words do not so such signify as exist . They are bricks . Word upon Word , they build up patterns of being , real or an illusion , something or nothing , an arrangement of truth or lies , fashioned by Words uttered -- and lived . God 's or yours .
 The Krause book of Toys and Prices has long been a favorite of mine . It is comprehensive , layed out well in its format and sections , as well as providing informative information on the hobby or business of toy collecting . Each year Krause does a better job of including more modern day toys as there are so many companies now producing toys specifically for a collectors market . Like any good book the Krause guide provides manufacturer , year and of course condition based prices.While No one guide can ever be totally comprehensive , Krause is one I buy every two years or so along with the Schroeder toy price guide . Those two I think provide the best wealth of information and accuracy of any toy price guides .
 Browse through favorite childhood toys and learn just how much they 're worth now in the new twelth edition offering the latest updates in what is justifiably considered to be the toy bible for serious collectors and antique dealers -- Toys & Prices 2005 . While small black and white photos and a sampling of color photos are included , the meat of Toys & Prices 2005 lie in alphabetically arranged listings organized into 23 main categories , from games and lunch boxes to space toys and more . Three price ranges reflect different condition ratings
 Has the best variety of Hot Wheels and Matchbox cars as well as other diecast toy vehicles . Easy to use and understand . I highly recommend this book .
 This is a good book for those into magick and how to work with the Moon . Easy to follow spells
 This book is very good , interesting , and helpful I recommend this book to those who love and live under the moon .
 Loved it . Very Good book . Could use more info on blue moon . Otherwise best moon book I have found to date .
 I love spell books and if you are the same way , this is a must have for your collection . It has it all
 I love Diane 's book . It 's one of the few spell books that offers ritual and ceremony work using tools that are easily accessible . Most of the tools I already have in my posession . The author is gifted with a user-friendly wording style . Just reading the book was a healing in itself . If you enjoy working with candles , incense , and crystals and you are interested in moon cycle work , this book is a must have . She constantly reminds you to make adjustments if something 's not comfortable for you . The book is emeshed with health , love and spirtuality . The author offers step by step directions for those new to the art of spell casting . It 's the kind of book whereby you do n't mind sharing spells with family and friends . Ahlquist covers everything from A-Z and provides a host of positive information .
 A very good example of how to set up spells , getting everything together before beginning each ` spell ' process ; thinking about all aspects of the process of preparing ones mind to focus on fulfilling their personal need . Had a good variety of ` spells ' one could do as the needs arise . Helpful in focusing to chang ones mind and life for the better . People we bought the book for really liked it .
 this is a well written book with loads of valuable information . Recommended for anyone with interests in energy specifically the moon . : ^ -RRB-
 This book , is not only spells , it walk you through a lot more and how to 's . Highly recommended my me .
 Lots of information I refer back to it often ! Really like this book a lot , has become one of my favorites .
 I received the book yesterday and have already read it all !!!! Very easy read , great information . Ca n't wait to try it out !
 A brilliant addition to anyone 's collection , this book references mainly the lunar aspects of spell casting but still touches on most other major aspects.I liked most that the book was written from a purely magical perspective , not a religious . As hard as I 've found it to be to find any helpful books in my studies that are n't religious in nature I felt it worth mentioning.I 've referenced this book frequently in my own work over the past few months since buying it . Worth buying for sure !
 I really love this book . I began reading it the first day I got it . I am happy I purchased the book , because this gives me a great explanation on when and when not to perform spells . This has everything I was looking for . I wish this was a larger hardback book with more illustrations of the moon 's phases . I use this book in combination with other spell books . I would recommend this to all who are new to crafting . I hope to find more books similar to this .
 this is a must have book for people who are attracted to the moon energyI find the moon spells in this book make magic look easy
 As a parent to a child who had a brain tumor , I feel that this book covers all the major topics . When our son was diagnosed back in ' 98 , I searched for such a book but none existed . Our son has since passed away but we are thankful that this book is available - particularly for newly diagnosed families . We purchased copies for our public library and for The Jimmy Fund in memory of our three year-old son , Kevin Kirsch . Thank you for writing this much needed guide . It will be a resource for caregivers and medical professionals alike .
 When our 5 year old daughter was diagnosed with a Brainstem Glioma , the hospital and Child Cancer Foundation -LRB- in New Zealand -RRB- gave us books to read , if you wanted to wade through all the technical stuff , personally I could n't cope with it all . Then when I was looking at sites on the internet , I read about this book . I had a look at it at Amazon , and thought about it for a few days , trying to weigh up if it would be relevant to NZ ` ers . I finally took the plunge and got it . I am soooo relieved that I did . Suddenly I was able to read something and actually get some benefit from it . The inserts from the parents are wonderful - suddenly I do n't feel so alone , and the advice is universal . It relates to anyone in any country going through this nightmare .
 This book is loaded with information you NEED to know to help you understand the disease , what the doctors are talking about , sources of information , the problems that pop up along the way , as well as tips to help make the child much more comfortable . This should be the first book you read on the subject .
 When my 6 year old niece was diagnosed with brain cancer last year , my family was devastated . Her parents are both RNs , and so could more easily understand a lot of the terminology and treatments . I have absolutely no medical background , and I found this book to be very helpful . This book provided comprehensive explanations of various treatments , commonly used drugs , different types of brain and spinal cord tumors , etc. that were easy for a layperson to understand . I also really liked that there were many shared experiences from other families who had dealt with childhood cancer , it made me feel like we were n't alone . There are new treatments that come out all the time , so obviously some of the information may be dated , but overall I thought this was an excellent guide for anyone caring for a child with brain cancer .
 This book is very informative if your child has a brain or spinal cord tumor . It is broken into easy to read sections . The quotes from people who already lived through this were priceless . I helps put things in perspective for you . It gives you tips on how to deal with unusual circumstances . It has lots of resources for contacting other organizations on the web as well . Very helpful for me and my family .
 Having a daughter die of a Brain Stem Glioma , this book would have helped tremendously .
 This is a fantastic first novel . Mary Holt Allen not only captures the attention of her reader , but creates whole characters who carry our attention through their failures and successes . I found myself raging at characters only to fall back in love with them again later . And the story is far reaching and simply lovely . You will be thinking of these people as if they are your friends .
 Finally , a novel with an interesting plot and well-developed characters ! Allen has created rich characters with depth who are fascinating even when they behave despicably . The psychological complexity of D'arcy and Clair intrigued me - I could n't wait to see what would happen next . This is a great read !
 So many interesting characters ; such moving and memorable scenes ; and a clever narrative structure . Most impressive , I think , is Allen 's richly inventive style . When she is being witty , ironic , nostalgic , romantic , or simply observant , she chooses just the right words .
 When I had to take a break from reading , I missed the characters and could n't wait to get back to see what happened to them . This is a richly written and conceived book that holds the interest from beginning to end .
 Rabbi Alter Ben-Zion Metzger of Yeshiva University translated this modern mystical classic by Rav Kook many years ago . Although it seems to be out of print , one might track down a used copy through one of the large Jewish bookstores , or by contacting Rabbi Metzger via YU .
 I see that some of the other reviewers have completely missed the mark . Gary Null has dozens of other books teaching you step by step how to be healthy and tons of advice for specific illnesses , but that information is not available in this book . Why ? There is a simple reason for that . This is a COOKBOOK !! It starts out with juice and shake recipes and then it continues with other recipes using your juicer . There is a section for breakfast foods , soups , salads , dressings , sauces , dips and spreads , main dishes and desserts . Most of the recipes I have tried so far have been incredibly delicious . I said most because I did not like the Carob Fruit Bars , they were too sweet for my taste and too moist , as for the Almond Butter Cookies , the batter was too dry and grainy and did not form into dough but the taste was good , it just needed more liquid . As for the great tasting recipes , let me start with my mom 's favorite , the Fruit and Nut Cookies ... she ca n't believe they are made without sugar , dairy or eggs ! The dates were difficult to use at first , but now I chop them in tiny little pieces and they 're a lot easier to use . The Date Fudge Brownies taste great with the Cocoa Coconut Frosting and Heavenly Roasted Nuts and because I 'm Vegan , I used Maple Syrup in the recipes instead of honey with excellent results , and besides , I 've never liked the taste of honey in baking . The Carrot Walnut Cake is out of this world . The Classic Vegetable Stock is the best I 've ever made as well as the Spicy Texas Chilly and Lentil Burgers , and I could go on and on and on ! Oh , did I mention the Creamsicle and Mango Fruit Pops ? Yum !! As for my non-vegetarian friends and family , I have cooked the Salmon with Teriyaki Sauce and the Swordfish with Basil Oil and have been subject to rave reviews !! I have to admit that I 've used this little recipe book more than any other recipe book in my collection . The ingredients can be easily found in any regular supermarket and for vegans , certain ingredients can be easily converted with wonderful results , except for the fish of course , but then again , most of us have to cook for other people in our lives who are not vegetarian so that works out perfectly.Enjoy this book , it 's one of the best !
 Did you know that there is a lasagna recipe in Gary 's juice cookbook ??!! Last Christmas I went home to be with my parents , and I was looking for recipes that we could all share as a family.My folks knew that I had become a vegetarian , but they were careful about saving me the non-meat portions of their meals and preparing me lots of salads . This was very sweet , but I wanted to find some meals we could share together , -LRB- and evangelize them a little , too . -RRB- In the local health food store I found Gary 's Joy of Juicing recipe book that he had done in collaboration with his daughter , who is a chef . The lasagne we had that afternoon was delicious , and even my dad , a real meat and potatoes kind of guy , really liked it.In addition to the food recipes there are delicious fresh juice recipes . Sometimes I have a little trouble being creative with juicing , but I get a little tired of the standard carrot juice with parsley and lemon that I usually prepare . Gary 's recipes are very varied , for those who like standard vegetables , and those who are a little braver , and wish to increase the antioxidant level in their diet . There are also recipes for ` regular ' drinks , such as lemonade and iced tea , which are delicious and tasty .
 A fun book to introduce variety into juices and make you stretch to herbs and vegetables you might not use on a regular basis . Includes more then jusic recipes .
 I 've been a fan of Gary Null for a long time - from his PBS specials , radio shows , books , etc. -- I always find him to be the # 1 source of cutting edge natural health information . Gary is big on juicing and with good reason as the health benefits are tremendous . I picked up this book because I needed something to push me to begin juicing and to have a bunch of recipes to keep it interesting . -- This book has more than helped in both areas , I keep it right next to my juicer in the kitchen and I never get bored with all the tasty juices I make !! There 's also some other juice recipes for soups and other things that are great as well . An invaluable book !!!
 This is my fifth juicing recipe book . I got all the books I purchased from Amazon and was not sure if I 'd find what I was looking for if this one did n't work out . I was not looking for something that was just about fasting or cleansing or detoxification . Many of the books about juicing take a seriously holistic approach which is wonderful if that 's what you want.We make our own juice simply b/c buying the organic fruit and making it has turned out to be cheaper than buying organic juice . -LRB- We go through a LOT of juice -RRB- . So from making all this juice , I was generating a lot of pulp . I did n't want to just toss it . It contains fiber , nutrients , and taste . I was able to use some in muffins but wanted more creative and diverse ways to use it . I think this book has that . It has seven different categories of recipes and I am looking forward to trying several of them.The two I 've tried so far are the Tropical popsicles and a Watermelon Raspberry popsicle . Who knew you could use the pulp in the popsicles too?Mostly I am looking forward to trying the sauces and dips once the veggie garden starts to bear .
 I was told that he loved all of the books I bought for him on Amazon . Thumbs up ! He recommends this for other juicers .
 good recipes , although some are a little hard to digest . good information about health and how to take care of yourself . .
 Dr Null wrote the bible of juicing books when he wrote this one . It tells the reader what to do for a variety of ailments to help you get the most out of juicing . I love the carrot-spinach juice and I felt great all summer when fresh spinach was available . Really a fabulous insightful book .
 It depends on what you are looking for but this book is just recipes for smoothies and juicing . . There is some other information but it is very limited.So if you just want a juicing book you will like it but if you want more maybe not.I like it so much that I have 2 of them-one for travel and one for my house .
 Love the book , has many recipes in it . I have used many of them and they not only taste good but do help u feel better
 Gary Null is an indipendant researcher , a consumer advocate , investigative reporter , environmentalist and nutrition educator who has written more than 50 books on health topics . He is not funded by any drug or medical companies and is therefore free to follow where the truth leads concerning physical and social health . He has also conducted over a hundred major investigations and has produced numerous douments and documentaries in which he encourages his viewers to take charge of their lives and health . He fouses on alternative methods of healing and aloughth mainstream medicine would like to discredit his work with outragous statments , all of his research is supported by documented science as well as other doctors , researchers and people whos lives have been changed . All of his books are filled with great information and are easy to understand.Jucing is a great way to release the nutrients in fruits and veggies that our bodies would have trouble extracting . They taste great and better than anything you can buy ! . Most all juices in cans , bottles and containers have had their vitamins , minerals and enzymes destroyed through processing . You have not had juice , vegetable or fruit , until you 've made it yourself ! . ...
 The author is a Brit who has lived in India for a long time . He has written a number of books on travels to various parts of India , most of them covering train journeys to some extent . This book may be considered as a series of somewhat unconnected essays about different aspects of the Indian railways . He has a keen eye for observation of the nuances of life in India . This is not a travel guide , but a good account of various things which would be of interest to the railfan or anyone who is interested in knowing more about India and its trains .
 Trade paperback from Oxford India published with two different cover images .276 pp , b & w ; illustrations . Bibliography . Index.TABLE OF CONTENTSIron VirtuesLaying the LinesSpokes in the WheelA Thousand ParticularsForeign ExposurePassenger DelightsExpress LineamentsTrack RecordsConveyance of MerchandiseKafka 's Railroad CastleFrom Classic to VintageBroadly SpeakingElate MetreSteam Kindly LightDown by the StationPaperworkWheeler and DealersProsaic Mosaic `` No Mention Please `` The Real Thing
 This tape can be the key to opening up a whole new happy life for anyone who wants it . That is exactly what it did for me when I learned the Option Method 17 years ago . On this great intro to the Option Method , Bruce DiMarsico dispells the mystique around unhappiness by exposing the notion that the experience of unhappiness is always based on what someone believes ... often erroneously . Questioning the belief -LRB- or judgement or assumption -RRB- can effectively vaporize the unhappy conclussion . Hearing one of Bruce 's original lectures on Option rekindles the fire in me to spread the word to other happiness-seekers . Do yourself a favor ... get this tape and let yourself out of YOUR prison of unhappiness . If I can do it , anyone can !
 Bruce Di Marsico presents wonderful ideas about how we are the creator of our own personal happiness . The beliefs we hold determine the feelings we experience in any given situation . This tape explains the Option Method - a simple , non-judgmental questioning of your beliefs and whether or not they support your happiness . A simple and insightful tape . Thank you , Bruce ! And , thank you , Debbie . .
 For most of us this is the first opportunity to hear the voice of Bruce Di Marsico , developer of the Option Method . The Option Method is a process using a handful of questions to examine our beliefs , more particularly those beliefs we have about why we are ` unhappy ' -LRB- letting that word stand for any emotional state we do n't like -RRB- . On this tape , Bruce Di Marsico speaks about what might be called the Option philosophy lying behind the Method . The radical suggestion is that , on examination , we can find no valid reasons for being unhappy . Yes , put like that it may sound a bit glib . That 's one reason it 's a delight to hear the case being made in Bruce Di Marsico 's voice , a voice which conveys an inherent reasonableness , as if it were the voice of what common-sense ought to be .
 This tape is a rare and beautiful example of the legacy of Bruce Di Marsico . His gentle , kind demeanor , his tone of genuine feeling as he offers almost humbly the incredibly liberating message of his creation , the Option Method
 Certainly worth listening to and sharing with others . The best part is that Bruce does n't deliver a big spiel , telling us how we should go about reorganizing our lives , but instead shares some simple -LRB- as in not over-the-head philosophy -RRB- observations and musings.As Bruce himself puts it , what he really wanted to do was leave us with a question , `` Is our unhappiness really necessary ? '' -LRB- once again , the nice thing is it is the question he wants to share , not the answer -RRB- . If one stops and think about it , as he obviously did , it 's a very profound question . I hope you have enjoy it as much as I did .
 I personally found this tape starightforward and revealing , much like the option method itself . After learning the method from various other authors and finding it VERY useful and practical in everyday experiences , its even more clearifying to hear it described from the one who ` invented ' it ! This is a must have tape for ANYONE who wants to be happier and get more living out of life . Thanks Bruce !
 Bruce Di Marsico was an extraordinary man who developed a simple , yet profound method to help people deal with their problems . His method is taught and practiced by hundreds of people all over the world and has changed the lives of many , many more . Yet very few people had the opportunity to hear his words first hand . In this tape of one of his earliest lectures , in 1973 , he shares his vision of the possibility of perfect happiness , even in a world that is rocked by turmoil and uncertainty . If you are looking for a way to find peace in these extremely troubled times , spend some time with Bruce Di Marsico . It could change your life .
 Option method is truly a way of putting thought into feelings . I think it basically encourages to think before we commit to certain idea , and ideas lead to beliefs , beliefs lead to feelings and emotions . Option method is a way to pause , think and take a rational decision , which would most possibly lead to better emotions and therefore happier life.Bruce di marsico says that happiness is an option , and we have to choose it , by thinking through what lead to unhappiness . There are however , certain things which we have to feel unhappy , and are un avoidable.This is similar to cognitive therapy , where mood disorders , depressions , anxiety are treated by changing our feelings by rational and positive thinking . I would recommend Mind over mood , if you like this video by bruce di marsico.This is just my opinion , and I like any comments or suggestions , because I am still learning .
 This timeless tape is filled with humor , wisdom and wonderful liberating questions to help you get to the real cause of your emotional pain and self-limitation . I had the life-changing privilege of studying with this inspiring teacher in the early 1970 's , followed by the joy of teaching others how to change their unhappy belief systems for over 30 years . I can not imagine what my life would be like had I not had that opportunity , so I am especially glad that everyone can now hear these simple , powerful ideas from the man who originated the Option Method , himself , Bruce Di Marsico .
 There are countless collections of Shelley 's poetry , of course , but this is the one that introduced me to his work . While best known for such short poems as the justly celebrated `` Ozymandias '' & `` Ode to the West Wind , '' there 's far more to his genius . The longer narrative poems are bejeweled , dazzling pieces that convey his philosophical & political thoughts in a structure of memorable images & lines.For instance , his first such poem , `` Alastor , '' is a spiritual autobiography of sorts , depicting the doomed journey of the outsider , driven by his vision of transcendant release from the mundane sphere , even if the only path leads to & through Death . As a visionary work , it is superb.Both `` Queen Mab '' & `` The Revolt of Islam '' examine the nature of & need for revolution -- again , in both political & philosophical terms . Far from the image of the ethereal poet divorced from the social forces & injustices of the day , Shelley emerges here as fiercely involved with them . He pursues these ideas even further in `` Prometheus Unbound , '' struggling with oppression & tyranny , both human & divine.But his most sublime poem , at least to my mind , is his elegy for Keats , `` Adonas . '' In these lines , all aspects of Shelley 's nature & interests intertwine in one golden braid of beauty & thought . It deepens & ripens with every re-reading over the years.Harold Bloom provides an insightful overview of the poet & his work in a fine introductory essay , which is reason enough to seek out this particular edition . Poet , skeptic , radical , Shelley not only remains an exemplar of the Romantic , but a remarkably timely thinker even now . Most highly recommended !
 This is an excellent book . It almost ended me up in divorce court though . I spent all weekend reading the book that I ignored my husband who threated to tear up the book , even set it on fire . I just could n't put it down . If you read this book take a couple of days off work to read it . It 's that great . You wo n't want to put it down .
 I could not put this book down . I almost ended up in divorce court because I spent all my time reading the book and not paying attention to my husband . When you think you knew who it could be , it was n't that person until the end . This is an excellent book and take it from someone who hates reading , you will not be able to put it down . You may want to take a couple of days off work to read it .
 This book kept me guessing and at times I felt I could n't read fast enough to get to the answers . I thoroughly enjoyed it ! Melda , where is the next book ?!
 The book kept me guessing . There are tons of hidden clues that made me want to keep reading . Its a great mystery with a realistic theme .
 I thoguht this book was OK but could 've been better . It has an exiting plot wiht a hunter trying to hunt the gator -LSB- dajun -RSB- but the ending is so typical . They end up finding ... oops I should n't give away the story ... but the book 's ending is not as fun as it could 've been . But if you love animals and a good mystery you should definitly read this book .
 My story was about a missing gator . Travis is a gator hunter who is trying to shoot the gator . The gator is too big for the protection law . All the characters except Travis are trying to protect him . The main characters are Dujen , Travis , Liza K. , and James James . Because he is a smart young man , James James is my favorite character . In my own life I try to be good and kind to others . James James is like this , he is always considerate and thoughtful.I liked my book . I do n't have a single favorite part ; My least favorite part is the authors choice of where the characters lived at the end of book . My favorite part was that Travis did n't find Dujen.I would recomend this book to a person who likes mysteries .
 If you are a teacher in search of examples for descriptive writing , try this book . George uses adjectives in a way that makes the students ' imagination work . Their pictures to illustrate scenes are clear . Their writing also improves as they try to model her writing style .
 This fascinating novel is for anyone who has ever fallen in love with a wild place , with a wild animal , or who is concerned about our jeopardized natural world . Only Jean Craighead George could write such a comprehensible and informative children 's book about nature . While they 're not JULIE OF THE WOLVES or MY SIDE OF THE MOUNTAIN , Ms. George 's Ecological Mysteries Series are sure to be enjoyable for any naturalist -- inspiring and educational . In THE MISSING ` GATOR OF GUMBO LIMBO , Liza K. Poole lives with her mother and some eccentric neighbors in the heart of the Florida Everglades . -LRB- Anyone who was born to live in a tent and fish for food will be envious of this `` wild '' lifestyle . -RRB- When the woods peoples ' `` dragon '' , a regal alligator , disappears , they begin to try to track down the great beast , especially Liza K . A ranger is after the gator , for he has been frightening nearby home-dwellers , and should be shot . Liza K. and her unique friends -- including a talkative African gray parrot -- go through a series of clues to find out where the gator has disappeared to . The ending , I admit , is slightly disappointing -- the threat of the ranger seems to be forgotten after the gator is found , Liza K. and her neighbors must abandon their way of life -- but all in all , it 's a fine read . The other Eco-Mysteries should be kept in mind -- WHO REALLY KILLED COCK ROBIN ? , in which a boy tries to solve the mystery of his clean town 's feathered mascot ; THE CASE OF THE MISSING CUTTHROATS , quite a lot like THE MISSING ` GATOR ; and THE FIRE BUG CONNECTION . No young naturalist or ecologist should overlook the wide , wonderful world of Jean Craighead George .
 FOR THREE NIGHTS BEFORE I WENT TO BED MY MOM READ THE BOOK TO ME . AT THE END I WANTED TO HEAR MORE . DONNA
 My 8 year old grandson needed to read this for a summer project . Could not find it in Albany , Ga. and I looked on Amazon . Not only did I find it , used , it was here in two days . Now I , and everyone I know knows how to get a book in a hurry with the grandchildren do not tell youl until 4 days before he has to have it , and have it read . He is 8 years old , and he truly loved the book . His Mother was so excited that I found it that quick , and got it here . I will be back .
 Awesome book about the Everglades and nature . Students love to read it and can not wait to find out what will happen to Dajun !
 My son is reading `` The Missing ` Gator of Gumbo Limbo '' at school . I like to read what he reads in case he needs help understanding any part of the story . I also like to ask him questions . By reading the book , I can do both . The book arrived quickly so I did n't miss any time . Thanks .
 The Missing Gator of Gumbo Limbo is about a little girl named Liza Poole which lives with her mother in one of the last balanced ecosystems in North America . She lives on a Hammock which is deep in the Florida Everglades . Liza is different because she does not like to live in a house instead she would rather live in the outdoors under an Oak Tree , in a small yellow tent . There 's also an alligator who she calls Dajun . She loves this gator named Dajun because it protects her and her woods people from the public . Then one day an official went to the Hammock with orders to kill the gator because people around the area have said that Dajun has been scaring people near by . Liza gets real mad and springs into action . Now Liza has to find Dajun before the official does .
 If you do n't know what a comix is , maybe you should go on e-bay and buy yourself a copy of ZAP . While you still can.For those who are familiar with underground comic books , Patrick Rosenkranz has provided an amazing amount of background information about the creators and the times that produced what could be viewed as the trashiest and/or the most significant cultural artifacts of the second half of the 20th Century.Unlike previous histories and articles that simply reprint the more or less shocking comic pages and regurgitate the same old information , misinformation and opinions about the hippies and their graphic art , Rebel Visions is based on Mr. Rosenkranz own interviews and correspondence with the first wave of underground comix creators . In lengthy footnoted quotes , the artist/writers are finally allowed to tell their own strange and wonderful stories . And by following the stories organized in yearly chapters , I cames to understand something of the birth , bloom and demise of a phenomena that never made the transition to mainstream product or the 1980s . Rebel Visions also presents a significant amount of previously unpublished art for the connoisseur as well as an exhaustive index for the scholar.A word of warning
 At a time when a museum like the Guggenheim is reduced -- as of this writing literally -- to emptying the paintings from its walls to make `` room '' for a new exhibit of essentially next to nothing ... a couple lying on the floor simulating a kiss and a few actors hired to ask long-suffering museum `` viewers '' annoyingly trite questions , such as `` what is progress ? '' one begins to wonder what art historians of the future will think of late 20th century/early 21st century `` art . '' What will become emblematic of our times when our times are long over ? What will remain ? Will nothing remain ? I mean , you have to have something to see , right ? `` Rebel Visions '' makes a strong case without so much as raising the issue that what might very well be considered the most important art of our age was that being produced in the underground comix movement of the late 60s/early 70s , and which still continues in various incarnations today . As fine art moved from distortion to abstraction to minimalism to conceptualism to what some might argue is little more than flim-flam chicanery cloaked in elitist pseudointellectual gobbledygook , the disdained creators of such work as filled the pages of Zap ! and Young Lust and Raw , to mention just a few , might in the meantime actually have been producing the `` real '' fine art of our time.As the so-called `` real '' artists turned their back and raised their noses at mere `` illustration , '' as they disdained the world of things in their canvases , and eventually disdained even the canvases themselves , as they `` thought '' up concepts instead of making images , and as they jockeyed for notoriety and government grants and invitations at all the swell parties , guys like R. Crumb , Robert Williams , S. Clay Wilson , Rick Griffin , and Art Spiegelman were drawing -- yes , actually drawing -- and the stuff they were drawing directly reflected and directly influenced the culture of late 20th century America.This should n't be all that surprising insofar as comic book elements made their way into the paintings of Warhol , Lichtenstein , and a whole bunch of other established fine art types . And before that you 've got George Grosz and Max Beckmann . Take a look at their works and tell me you cant see them as akin to comic book panels . While the Julian Schnabels of the world party , the folks in the underground comix movement were actually doing the grunt work , walking the walk , and usually doing it without much appreciation and even less financial reward.Ach ! Listen to me blabbering on about art history like EH Gombrich ! I know nothing about it -- what I know about art history could n't fill an Idiot 's Guide . What I do know is that I like blobs of paint thrown all over canvases as much as anyone ; I swoon over string , nails , crushed cigarettes , dirt , poop , yesterday 's lunch , and whatever else spray-painted over and glued onto billboards of plywood just as much as any art critic at the New York Times . I 'll even nod appreciatively and chuckle knowingly along with the rest of the cognescenti when some downtown goofball paints a box of toothpicks white , sticks them in his nipples , and photographs them in the pitch-dark with a pinhole camera.In other words , I 'm no phillistine!And I like minimalism ... I love minimalism ... as an anorectic , I am minimalism incarnate!But when it reaches the point when a museum empties itself out and asks people to pay admission to look at its bare walls I start to think I 'm being taken for a fool.Listen , when `` fine art '' gets to the point that youre literally looking at nothing then the eye starts looking for stimulation . A superhero , a talking aardvark , one of those jittery Crumb characters ... anything ! When it 's been so long since we saw anyone actually take a pencil and put marks on a page that resemble something we recognize that we begin to suspect that no one remembers how to do it , when art no longer seems to be making any attempt whatsoever to reflect and comment about our lives and the world we live in , when you need a card full of philosophical rigmarole written by some tenured academic to explain the blank space on the museum wall as a work of art and not , as you originally suspected , the spot left behind when a painting was removed for cleaning - then you begin to think that maybe when the fork in the art road was reached between representation and abstraction , we took the wrong road ... or maybe just went too far down the right road.No matter . Just the fact that that the US government tried to shut down the publications featuring these mere schlockmeisters , these adolescent smut peddlers , these underground comic `` artists '' should tell you something.Aside from all that , `` Rebel Visions '' is just a lot of fun to read . And it 's inspiring too . It makes one envious of the exciting times , the camarederie , and the commitment to engaged art that these guys had -- and that is so lacking in today 's art world . It shows you just how much people will do , the lengths they will go to do it , the sacrifices they 'll make and for no discernible reward ... if they love what they 're doing.These guys were , and in many cases , still are , true artists of the first rank . And I would n't be at all surprised if in a hundred years from now they will be regarded among the foremost of our time .
 This is an all-new edition , following the 2002 hbk , but Fantagraphics do n't flaunt the fact . Why not ? The hbk 's long sold out and they could sell this all over again to nerds like me . Seriously -LRB- OK , I was serious -RRB- , the hbk 's heaven -LRB- snap 'em up , fellas , while you can -RRB- and this is bliss , apart from the curious -LRB- and curiously irritating -RRB- typography chosen for the headwords . Trina Robbins went , or was pushed , down the same route when A Century of . . morphed into The Great Women Cartoonists - the Women and the Comics original I 've not seen - but we 're not talking wacky here , fellas , this is serious art ! Well , OK , fun art . Thanks a million , Gary -LRB- Groth -RRB-
 I 've seen several of these books and I think this is the best of the lot . I was very impressed with the total vision of the book .
 Great textbook . Everything is extremely detailed , but not to the point where there 's useless information . The problems throughout the chapters have answers in the back , and the end-of-chapter problems have answers in the solutions manual -LRB- which , by the way , is also excellent -RRB- . There are also lots of examples provided , which are very helpful for those who are visual learners.This is a very good textbook and I would recommend it to anyone who is learning organic chemistry .
 I used this book for a two semester course in organic chemistry . Of all the textbooks I have read , and believe me I have read a LOT , this is among the top 3 of all time . The authors clearly explain the material and the order of the chapters is great , starting with a quick overview of chemical concepts , then going into haloalkanes , alcohols , alkenes , alkynes , specroscopic methods , and finally some more advanced reactions and functional groups like carboxylic acids and their derviatives as well as a few ending chapters on biochemical topics like amino acids and carbohydrates . This book is great for a student who has never had exposure to organic chemistry as it presents the most fundamental reactions for a given functional group as well as clear descriptions . One thing I really enjoy about this textbook is the summary of reactions at the end of each chapter which allows you to look up a reaction easily . Another thing I really like is the problems that are placed directly in the chapter , which have answers in the back of the book ; these make sure you really understood the material you just read.Note
 This book is simple to understand even amidst all the details it provides . The explanations are clear and concise while explaining all the jargon and convention . The Vollhardt text also gives a really good background to why reactions occur rather than plopping reactions on the page .
 It seems like it does n't have any highlighting and notes . Just the cover was damaged and I understand this because it 's &#34; used book . &#34; It took less than a week .
 To all you Organic Chemistry majors ... this book is surprisingly good ... It really teaches you how to understand the basics of ochem ... but as the book progressed , it got confusing . Unfortunately , the solutions do not come with the book . You need to purchase a separate manual with this book .
 Exactly what I ordered and even a better shape then was told ! Thank you so much . I also got it in a reasonable amount of time before school started it . No torn edges or writing in the book !
 Amazing service , I 'm so very excited to be taking organic chemistry especially since I thought I was done with chemistry forever until I decided on a whim to minor in it ... well anyway I am very pleased with the product and the service was amazing . thank you for making all my dreams come true !
 Even if you do not attend any O. Chem class , you can study this book and learn a lot . I took Organic Chemistry at University last year and we used a different book for that class . O. Chem by Vollhardt provides some more materials than needed for the first and second year of O. Chem class , but it helps you to have a better understanding about the subject .
 Easy to order , prompt delivery to Australia . The book is written in a complete manner that is easy for me to understand the difficult subject
 A very useful study tool and helping improve my knowledge in organic chemistry . Good quality and , with work , easy to understand .
 Yup , this is an Organic Chem textbook ... it 's well written , but still not enough to make me a fan of ochem . I guess that 's more my fault than the author 's though .
 My class lecture was great ! So I did n't really use the book as much . If anything , I used it for the questions after each chapter and reviewed it on the study guide which I purchased separately . Ca n't say too much , but it definitely came free shipping , fast shipping , and was priced below what the school was offering .
 `` As a long-term fan of JRR Tolkien and all things Middle-earth , I was very happy to pick up this concise and readable book tracing the main mythic sources that inspired Tolkien . Most books focus on the Norse and Germanic myths to the exclusion of all else , and while Dr. Jones covers these areas , she also goes well beyond to look at the Celtic myths of Ireland and Wales to complete the picture . Put this on your holiday shopping list if you 're a fan of The Lord of the Rings ! ''
 I just finished reading this wonderful book about the Northern European myths that Tolkien borrowed and reshaped to make the lands , people , and languages of Middle-earth come alive . For the price and content , this is a great value . I highly recommend it to anyone interested in Tolkien 's fiction ! ''
 An extra aid to ease the transition for parents and children of divorce as they move from married to single life , and it 's bilingual in Spanish and English.Las tres estrellas y las dos nubes * The Three Stars and the Two Clouds is a tender , heart-warming explanation of divorce .
 John Durham has provided a commentary in keeping with the rich tradition of the Word Biblical Commentary series . This 516 page commentary of Exodus presupposes the divine nature and inspiration of the text . While Durham gives information about sources of the finished text -LRB- Source Criticism -RRB- , he approaches the text of a `` Canonical '' method , dealing with the text as it has come to us in its current form . His emphasis is on extracting the theological meaning of the text as opposed to defending or debunking various theories about the historicity of the book or particular events within it . For example , Durham does n't get caught up in the debate about where the Red Sea was , or if this was a real historical event . He focuses on the meaning of that event for Israel , and the latter Christian community that would also consider the event apart of their faith heritage . Durham uses his own translation which provides a hosts of insights about the original language uses in the canon . This book will be a valuable resource for scholars who are searching for a reliable example of Canonical Criticism of Exodus . It will also be helpful for the pastor or Bible teacher who seeks greater theological understanding of Israel and her dramatic beginnings .
 John I. Durham is a professor of Hebrew and Old Testament at Southeastern Baptist Seminary in North Carolina and the author of many scholarly works on Old Testament studies , including this volume in the Word Biblical Commentary Series.Of the Volumes in the Word Commentary that I 've read or consulted , Durham 's treatment of Exodus ranks among the best . One of Durham 's greatest joys in preparing this commentary is the fact that he is required to make his own translation of the Hebrew text . His skill and enjoyment in this area certainly shine through as he jumps from wooden translations , to phrases that capture the spirit of the Hebrew -LRB- as opposed to the literal translation -RRB- , with all his translation decisions explained in his translation notes . I learned more about Exodus than I expected from reading the translation and notes!As for the commentary proper , I am pleased to find that John Durham is easily one of the most readable contributors in the Word Series -- he seems to know when a point needs more explanation and when he 's `` beaten a dead horse . '' I was also pleased to find that Durham , a respected scholar in an academic setting , was able to briefly cover `` Ivory Tower '' theories about certain portions of text , but then have the wisdom to put such theories in their proper place . He often mentions an academic controversy or debate , but then does a great service to the reader by putting the debated portion of Scripture in its proper theological context.This last point is perhaps the most valuable aspect of this commentary -- the author never forgets the major theological themes and points in the book of Exodus . Whether the text is about Ten Plagues , Ten Commandments , Tabernacle Furniture , or rebellious Israelites , Durham always puts these portions of Scripture in context -- theological and historical . He is one of a shrinking number of Old Testament authors that actually has respect for the textus receptus.While this commentary has many strengths , it also has some disappointing weaknesses . The first among these is the absense of any New Testament applications . Durham begins by pointing out that Exodus is the third most quoted OT book in the New Testament -LRB- running behind Psalms and Isaiah -RRB- , yet does not make the connections between the Testaments . Whether a portion of Scripture is quoted by Jesus , Paul , etc. , or whether Messianic prophesies are apparent -LRB- Passover , the table in the Tabernacle , Moses ' arms being supported in a crucifix position , etc. -RRB- , Durham ignores it.A second disappointed aspect of Durham 's commentary is the amount of respect and credit -LRB- and space -RRB- he gives to source-criticism and `` later editors '' theories . At many points , it is very difficult to tell if Durham actually BELIEVES that some of the events recorded in Exodus actually happened . He clearly does not believe that Moses wrote the book , but he does believe that the Lord descended onto Mount Sinai , but he 's not sure if the Tabernacle and furniture actually existed . It often seems as if Durham deliberately avoids taking a position on historical reliability and the like . If , in the Introduction , he stated that he is simply giving an overview of others ' ideas -LRB- see Beasley-Murray 's commentary on John -RRB- , that would be one thing . However , Durham makes no such claim and the reader is left wondring where the author 's religious convictions lie.In all , this is a solid commentary on a difficult and diverse book of the Bible . While there are flaws , the book 's merits far outweigh them . I recommend this book .
 Judging by the title and cute illustration on the cover , I first thought this was a humorous book . However , I quickly realized it 's a real cookbook . Recipes for a variety of homemade breads , quick and easy sandwiches and even a chapter titled `` Exotic Sandwiches '' are included . Sidebars with / instructions on how to fry an egg , make marinated artichoke hearts , make dressings/season mixes and many more make this an interesting read.Simple , easy to follow instructions make this a great book for the inexperienced sandwich-maker that wants a little something more than mayo , meat and cheese on whole wheat .
 This book opened my eyes to issues every man faces every day of his life and must deal with to not just survive but to have great success . This is a must read without a doubt , I could hardly wait to read each chapter and put into practice every recommendation as soon as possible . Few books every written for men by a man come close to waking up the powerful , successful man lying dormant in all men .
 This is a great book , I could not put it down , I read it in two days then passed it on to my son . Once he is done I will read it again as a means of connecting with him . He is 18 years old and I want all of God 's blessings that are in store for him ! On the other hand I want him to be aware , so that when he faces his enemies , he will be well equipped to identify his battles ! I also have a 16 year old son , and when the time is right I will have him read it as well . As an associate Pastor , and Leader of Our Church Men 's Ministry , I will purchase several copies and then use it in a Bible study format . I HIGHLY recommend this book to young and old alike !
 What a great book . Short and sweet and full of juice . Salient , insightful , practical and full of great examples that are easily remembered .
 This book helped me to prioritize some issues I had been struggling with and so impressed me that I purchased 6 additional copies and gave them to friends . We started a men 's small group . I asked them to provide a copy to any of their friends that they thought would benefit from reading this book.At times I could n't put it down and at other times I had to put it down to consider the ramifications of what the author had written.This is a `` must read . ''
 I was given this book to read -LRB- Six Battles Every Man Must Win -RRB- by my wonderful Pastor at one of the lowest points in my Life . I have been a Christian Man and Christian Music recording artist for approx . 26 years . I have been married for 18 Years to a wonderful Christian Girl and I have three wonderful Children . I have struggled with a Severe Problem with Prescription Pain Medicine Substance abuse on and off for the last 10 years . I finally realized that I was either going to have change or I was going to Die . I started reading this book and the brilliant God given insight of Bill Perkins has for the first time in my Christian walk given me the recipe to become a strong and mighty warrior for Christ . I recomend this book to every man in America . THIS BOOK HAS CHANGED MY LIFE . THANK YOU BILL PERKINS AND I WILL PRAY FOR YOU DAILY.Thank You Bill and God Bless you and your Family , MichaelCharleston S.C.
 Bill Perkins has succeeded with this book in what many other authors have failed to do
 Bill Perkins does it again ! This is a very practical book about being a man at war with our culture . His six battles are Fight for your identity , Fight for personal holiness , Fight for your family , Fight through pain , Fight for your friends and Fight for a strong faith . Bill 's personal examples and insights will help you fight these battles . Become a mighty man today ! < a href = `` http://www.millionmightymen.com/ '' > http://www.millionmightymen.com&lt;/a >
 I lead a group of Men who are studying this book and it has stimulated the best discussions we have ever had ! The concept of battling against spiritual passivity has given us a fresh challenge and new focus . We want to get out of the eddy , going round and round on the edge of the flow of God 's work in our lives , families and community . We are encouraging each other to boldly take on each of the battles - for our hearts , our identity , our purity , our families , against pain & hardship and for a strong faith . This is life changing material that I would recommend for devotional reading , for small group study or for Men 's retreats .
 I believe every mens group should study this book . I know everyone who reads this book will see a bit of himself somewhere while reading it . I will be taking this with me to my next mens group and i will make sure our group studies it.I enjoyed reading about David 's Mighty Men . How great would it be if we all had our own group of Mighty Men to encourage us through the battles of life . How much better would it be if we were asked to be a Mighty Man for someone else . A great book .
 I had the oppurtunity of attending a Six Battles event in April of 2005 . I met Bill and spent time talking with him . What an awesome man for God ! My interest was initially peaked when I read his life changing book `` When good men are tempted '' that helped fuel the change in my life . When I met Bill and he walked us through the `` Six Battles '' that this book outlines it was and continues to be life changing . I have since read the book 3 times and using this book have started a new men 's small group study . I look forward to what God has in store for me and it all started with this Book ! So Men , Yes this book will help you get on fire for him and help you in your daily battles .
 Bill Perkins makes it perfectly clear that we are in the midst of a battle and that we are not alone.The battles that David 's mighty men fought all those eons ago are the very same battles that you and I face today.Our church was searching for a way to reach more men . We found this book and set up a 6 week study with our pastor . In the past we had n't had more than 30 people to any teaching event . When we introduced this book we knew it would connect so we planned -LRB- and prayed -RRB- for 100 ; we got more than we bargained for . We have had more than 500 Mighty Men sign up for the class and I would say that it took our ministry to a completely new level reaching men we never even prayed to connect with . These are men that will go home changed and benefit their families for GENERATIONS to come . Are you a Mighty Man ? Are you everything God wants you to be?This is ministry that gets to the heart of men 's issues . If you think you have it all together or if you are at your rock bottom , this book is for you . If you are looking to reach men at your church or just someone you know that could use some good advice , this book is for you . If you know a man or if you are a man ~ this book is for you .
 This was pretty good stuff . I did n't agree with everything , but it did cause me to think about some things .
 I absolutey love thsi book if your needing to find a way to belive that you are the Head of your household and that there is no greater joy then to be firm in your faith this is a book you will read over and over ...
 I like it so much that we are using it to in our weekly men 's study group . The men really have enjoyed it all !
 I believe this is a good book that gives good insight in advice if your struggling with an addiction as mentioned in the book , and your following God . No one said it would be easy to take up your cross daily and follow God . I picked up this book because I am struggling with one such addiction . His book he gives funny examples that other men to fail to live by and funny examples that he mentions that he has encountered during his ministry . Although I have n't been truly ` healed ' by it yet I know through faith in God , good fellowship with other Christian men that anything can be achieved through our Lord almighty . This book is also essential to men who feel alone , discomfort and have no one to turn to - we should comfort one another and tell our struggles . At the end of the book he lives an outline how to win those battles .
 This is a must read for every Man . It is spiritually up lifting and you do n't have to be a preacher to get it . I could not put it down once I started . This is going in my Library and I will revisit it often .
 There are few things I like less than Christian books and programs that offer easy answers , for nowhere does God promise that living for Him will be easy . It seems , though , that the Christian world just laps these books up . Those dealing with Christian living seem to be particularly prone to `` easy-answerism . '' Fortunately bestselling author Bill Perkins avoids this concern in his new book entitled Six Battles Every Man Must Win . Based on the Biblical account of King David 's mighty men , this book seeks to address the cultural bullies that continually attempt to steal men 's hearts . Perkins offers insight on how men can set their sights on God 's will for their lives and escape the destructive behavior that is keeping them from being warriors for Him . `` This book was written for men who ... are tired of living like spiritual weaklings . It 's for men who believe they were created to be warriors but are n't sure how to fight or what they should be fighting for . It 's for men who want to lock on their purpose for living . And it 's for men who want to learn ancient secrets from some of the greatest warriors of the Bible
 I love this book . My husband owns it and I was intrigued by the title so I picked it up . My first thought after I read it was that every church should buy this book in case loads and give it out to every man in their congregation . This is exactly the book that I was hoping would be written . I talk to alot of women , and I keep hearing over and over again a heartfelt desire to see our husbands quit the complacency and passivity that seems to plague the modern Christian man.Bill Perkins ' book is an easy read with great stories to illustrate each point . He does n't use technical language or deal in theory . Every point is clearly made with practical application that can be implemented today . This is definitely a book for any man , especially the men in my life . And , I think that women should read it too . It has certainly given me a window into the way a man 's mind works and the struggles that they face . I feel that I can pray more effectively now for what my husband is facing . I 'm ready for the men in the church to take up the fight and be strong leaders again for the sake of all of us !
 `` Six Battles Every Man Must Win '' by Bill Perkins is focused on the spiritual battles men must face every day . The six battles listed include :1 . Fight for your identity2 . Fight for personal holiness3 . Fight for your family4 . Fight through pain5 . Fight for your friends6 . Fight for a strong faithEach of the battles made sense , although I could n't really relate to the family fight as I 'm not married . However I 'm sure that many men could relate to it.I was most impressed with the chapter on fighting through pain . Bill nails the internal struggle that Christian men go through when dealing with pain . Temptation always starts with a baby step , disguised to seem like nothing at all . However it always leads to a slippery slope.I enjoy Bill 's idea of `` buddyship '' or the need to have male friends . Bill lists a number of reasons why it is important to have male friends , but like the majority of the book , he does n't give practical advice regarding how to develop relationships . I really would have liked to have seen more practical advice regarding what to do , not just what I should do.Regardless , this book is a good easy read . I did n't find it life-changing but it was a good review of issues that need to be dealt with as a man . 4 out of 5 stars .
 Hello , my name is Daniel . I am 27 years old and from Edmonton , Alberta Canada.I just finished reading `` Six Battles Every Man Must Win
 This book has been such an inspiration for me and my daily struggles of creating balance between God , my family and work . Bill really puts things in perspective and creates an easy to understand guide of what truly works . Breaking things down into 6 battles we struggle with day to day is perfect for any man . I feel that my relationship with God and my wife has grown so much stronger and deeper because of this book . Thank you Bill ! I highly recommend this book to anyone !
 Right on target ! I 've read Maxwell , Morley , and now Perkins . Bill Perkins write 's to heart of men 's issues in a Personal , Powerful and Practical way . His insights to David 's Mighty Men reminds us of God 's power and grace in transforming our lives . I needed to be reminded about the six battles thatwe as men must fight and win . The first two , our positionin Christ and God 's holiness are foundational to the other four . I really appreciated Bill 's honesty and humility ... and humor ! It cut to my heart ... reminding me to fight the good the good fight on a daily basis . This book is a must read for men ... because it 's straight forward ... a man 's book , it 's simple to read ... most men are not readers and it 's memorable . Also , the four daily disciplines are achievable.Now I 'm going to reread it ... applying it to my life . I need to refocus and recommit myself to the 4 daily disciplines ... so I can walk and live victoriously in Christ . By God 's grace and power I earnestly desire to impact the world for Jesus ... to be one the Mighty Men !
 I just attended a Bill Perkins seminar & read this book cover to cover afterwards ; I would highly recommend both to any Christian man -LRB- even if you do n't consider yourself a strong Christian -RRB- . Todays world is so full of ` advice ' and I 've read many self help books plus attended many seminars both for professional/business and personal reasons ; this little book is more important to me than I can express but fortunately everyone can read it for themselves and/or attend one of the ` Six Battles ' seminars . Thank you Bill .
 Have you felt alone or bewildered by the messages that society sends you . Bill Perkins ' book , `` Six Battles Every Man Must Win , '' puts your role in society and , in your home , back into perspective . This is a MUST READ for every man who really wants to understand his role in his home and in the work place.This small book is pack with tons of thought provoking advice and instruction on how to become a man of integrity , and response to those most dear to us . It will guide you in your everyday living . By-The-Way ... this is a great book for your wife to read as well .
 There are countless books written about the things men should and should not do , but many lack the ability to motivate us to change . Six Battles Every Man Must Win not only spells out what our responsibilities are as husbands and fathers , it provides that spark needed to light a fire under us.This book is a wake-up call for Christian men , at any stage in their relationship with Jesus.My life and the lives of my family will never be the same now .
 This book is powerful and life-changing ! Bill Perkins clearly describes the ongoing battles all men face . More importantly , he provides an understandable , step-by step plan to win those battles . Bill `` takes off the mask '' and allows us to see his own humanity , something I can really relate to . He then encourages us with truth from God 's word , reminding us that we really can win these battles and live a victorious life . As Bill writes
 This book is precise and to the point . The book is very well written , organized very well and has one object in mind - helping you to learn real estate rules and passing the salesman exam.The Real Estate Primer is also an excellant tool for somebody who wants to improve their knowledge of real estate terminology , laws and procedures.After each short chapter you will find questions which can easily be answered or you may choose , as I did , to fill in the answers and then study the question with the proper answer thereby reinforcing your understanding of the chapter.I passed the exam the first time after reading through this book . I have used it many times since for review and to look up specific areas.It is A MUST for anyone taking the sales exam.Jerry Zeldes , CPA
 I 'm studying this book to pass my broker exam . A friend was using a terribly rated study guide and failed twice . He then studied with this book and passed . It 's clear , factual and does n't include trivial facts or try to be clever .
 After 30 years The California Real Estate Primer is still the best . My email address has changed but my comments have not.Jerry Zeldes , CPAp.s . many of my friends have decided to pass the Salesman exam , and most of the texts that they use have hundreds of useless pages and many hours of vague information which only makes the learning process harder .
 Excellent reading for preparation California saleman real estate examination , easy to understand and to the point on subjectand real estate law , contract law , etc. .
 One of the first Time Magazine covers to feature all woman - pioneers of TC - Farrah Fawcett alone is a landmark !!!!
 This story is not for the faint at heart . Once you start reading it , there is no way you can put it down . The writing was straightforward . My only wish is that the family that was written about would have been more caring about the lives of their children . How can we let our kids down ? The world will never know .
 Sometimes a book grabs my attention because of the overall look of the cover , the title and the graphics . This book with it 's interesting title and strong purple cover caught my eye and I had to explore further.It 's not a real long book , but it is filled with some solid insight and advice.I 'd recommend it to any in a sales or business environment . Self employed entrepreneurs as well as corporate managers would gain something from a reading.Each chapter has a short story that makes a point about a topic and then a discussion of that topic follows . There are quotes on the bottom of each page and several pages of quotes at the end.What are some of the things I gained an insight into?Time . We all have the same amount but we do n't all use it the same , an interesting look at how we deal with time.Creativity . What is the difference between being creative and simply following the crowd ? How can we `` steal '' ideas yet still be creative?Learning . This was perhaps the most important chapter . Do we really learn to learn or do we just memorize facts and figures ? How learning , continual learning , is so important.Supporters . The people we surround ourselves with.Does the idea of an `` honest '' thief sound like a contradiction ? An oxymoron ? Perhaps , but the author here makes a clear cut and compelling argument about using the foundation set by those before us to climb even higher and reach our goals.A very strong recommendation .
 God bless her . She will be missed . I have loved her works for over 20 years and this one is as good as it gets .
 Late in the nineteenth century northern England , Hector Stewart decides that two years as a widower is enough . He announces to his children , Pattie and Daniel , that he plans to remarry . His bride to be is a wealthy Irish relative , Moira Conelly , whose father happen to be his father 's half-cousin . Hector expects Moira to bring money as a dowry that he can use on their failing farm.Moira wed Hector to escape her home , but she honestly thought she married a wealthy landowner . In spite of the lack of new capital , at first everyone is happy with the marriage as Moira adds a dimension of happiness into their lives . However , over the years as the family fiscal crisis worsens and Moira seems to be in a constant state of pregnancy , Hector blames everyone , including the `` deceitful '' Moira , for his troubles . How will the lack of nurturing from the angry , cold Hector impact everyone else in the family , especially as they reach out for love?THE DESERT CROP is the last novel from the great Catherine Cookson , who passed away last year . However , the story is a tribute to the talent of one of the hall of famers of romance writing . The story line is vintage Cookson , taking place in her usual time and universe , and involving individuals and a family struggling to cope with pending disaster . The characters are somewhat simplistic , but perhaps that is where the charm of Ms. Cookson lies as their motives are easy to understand . Fans of the deceased superstar have a gold medal final novel of love redeemed.Harriet Klausner
 Cookson has been writing historical fiction for over forty years and I have been reading it for close to thirty . After her death in 1998 her estate released this last book . As always she gives us strong characters with loving ways , drama , death , murder , class struggles , and even a bit of lust and loving along the way.Set in Northeast England we are entertained by the comings and goings of the Stewart family . Patti the rebellious daughter , and Daniel the subservient son , manipulated by a father Hector Stewart who is evil and pathetic . After their mother 's death , Hector finds he has n't the money to run the farm , so is forced to marry an Irish woman with the promise of an inheritance.I love how Cookson is able to take the reader into her world and make you want to return to it . Even after years without one of her books , I find myself drawn to them , like a renewal of something wonderful never to be forgotten . She will be sorely missed . Kelsana 9/24/01
 Good historical about an English family in decline due to the tyrannical father 's squandering of the wealth . The father , Hector Stewart , marries an rich , or so he thinks , Irish woman.The story deals with the existing children and the new step-mother from Ireland and how they all cope with the abuses of the Hector Stewart.A tragedy frees all of the family to live different lives and find a better future.This is a good historical saga and well worth reading .
 Set in Northern England in the late 1800 's , widowed farmer Hector Stewart decides to marry Irishwoman Moira Conelly but here 's the rub - he thinks she 's coming into money and she thinks he 's much better off than he truly is . Nor does Moira realize at first she 's married a drunken , womanizing wastrel on the edge of running the farm into the ground . Nevertheless , Moira has a secret or two of her own and she does her best to make the best of it , which includes an ever growing brood of children.Hector 's debts and drinking continue to drag down the family 's livelihood , until a fatal accident changes all their lives - but it forever binds Daniel to the land and Moira 's children . Will Daniel ever be able to break free and claim the woman he loves ? Does Frances really love him or is she just looking for the best free ride life can hand her ? Will Daniel ever wake up and smell the coffee and see the woman who has loved him for years ? Inquiring minds want to know ... While this is n't the fasted paced , page turning , action packed book you 're likely to come across I enjoyed it a great deal and definitely plan on seeking out more from the author - and at about 100 novels she should keep me very busy for quite some time . This is the kind of feel-good comfort book that 's perfect for snuggling up with on a rainy day or a wintry afternoon . 4/5 stars .
 I totally enjoyed this book . It covers a period of time and shows how people lived in those days . It was very interesting .
 I 'll make no apologies for thinking highly of Phyllis Schlafly . Regardless of your politics , you have to admire the energy of someone who could obtain a law degree , raise 6 children and home school them , be highly active in the political arena , do a weekly radio program , author countless articles and books , and then deliver this book as she approached her 80th birthday . Love her or hate her , she is n't showing signs of slowing down.And , as I said in the title , you will either love this book or hate it . In fact , as I read through the 20 existing reviews here on Amazon , there was an almost binary pattern of how people responded to this book : Category A
 In this day and age when Truth is questioned , the source/author of a book is important indeed . If one believes that God alone is Truth , then one can read with confidence , The Supremacists . The author , P. Schlafly , is on God 's Wavelength.The Left have sought for more than 50 years to control our nation . They can not do it by the ballot box so the revolution is therein by judges , as we have seen in the past decades but even more so in the past years -LRB- Mass -RRB- , judges making rules/laws whereas they were meant only to INTERPRET the laws.Their revolutionary rulings have and will continue to cause a great divide in the Culture War , which will define us as a nation that will live forever , or go down the sad pages of history as so many nations before us have gone , e.g. , Ur . of the Chaldees , Babylonia , Persia , Alexandria , Egypt , Rome , mighty Rome , she merely disintegrated from within.History is making its torrential mark on the world , and let us not be asleep while it rages .
 THIS IS ABOUT HOW THE JUDGES INCKLUDING THE SUPREME COURT WHO ARE CHANGING THE MEANING OF THE CONSTITUTION AND MAKING LAWS THAT ONLY CONGRESS SHOULD BE DOING . WHAT WE CAN DO TOCHANGE THINGS .
 This book is an excellent summary and analysis of our current constitutional predicament . Even if Mrs. Schlafly 's legal and historical arguments are incorrect -- and I do n't believe they are -- it is at least a problem that the behavior of the courts in recent decades has become such a source of division . We need a way out of this mess , and we wo n't find it by being complacent.The previous review speaks for itself . For every person on the Right who is annoyed by challenges to his unexamined opinions , there is at least one such person on the Left.Is it really so obvious , for instance , that there is no problem with the Supreme Court seeking `` precedents '' for its opinions in the legislation and case law of foreign countries ? Is it irrational to wonder whether one judge should be permitted to nullify laws passed by a majority of citizens -- based on his divination of the `` motives '' behind the law ? Are we so sure that this is what the Founding Fathers had in mind -- or that our judgment is better than theirs ?
 Phyllis Schlafly masterfully presents the core problem in American government today
 Great book . This is the only book that correctly identifies judicial supremacy as the core of the problem with the courts , and gives practical suggestions on what to do about it . For example , we do n't need a constitutional amendment to stop same-sex marriage , because Congress can just withdraw court jurisdiction to DOMA -LRB- Defense Of Marriage Act -RRB- . This book clearly proves that the courts do not need to be making law in the way that they do . It all started in the Warren Court about 50 years , and the bad , activist , anti-democratic decisions have been the result of erroneous thinking about the constitutional role of the courts .
 One can hardly think of a better author to take on the judicial activists . Phyllis Schlafly has been a dogged defender of freedom , and the matriarch of pro-family activism for four decades now . Both as a mother and a lawyer , she is well qualified to speak on how the tyranny of the courts is stamping out our freedoms and laying siege to our families.Her thesis is simple . For the past fifty years liberal judges have moved beyond the strict interpretation of law to the creation of law . They have become legislators , and have sought to impose their leftist bias on the rest of the community . The rule of law has thus been replaced by the rule of judges
 I totally agree with Phyllis Schafly and I gained better insight into the whole judicial process and the long-term disastrous social effects of judical inperialism by those who make up law and precedent from their own minds and ambiguous feeling.Phyllis takes you through watershed judical pronouncements bysubject and summarizes simialr cases to give the reader a focused understanding of rulings by subject . If you are in a hurry and are looking for a quick , but telling understanding in diverse areas of law -- this book is helpful and a good primer for those who want to an introduction to the originalist or texualist view point of judical interpretation.I bought the book because I am doing research on abortion and I needed a practical grasp of the underlying social and political climate that coalested into the convuluded judical reasonings behind that fateful Roe decision . I feel that this book , rounded out my view and I gained a fuller understanding of the interrelated issues.Men In Black by Mark Levin gave a chronoloical approach to the devolution of the renegage court -- where Pat Robertson 's Courting Disaster gave the religious and social context of the constitution 's framers to give tremendous depth of understanding into the thinking and background of that brilliant God-given documentation . His book peers into the soul of the constitutional writers and I gained a new revelation and appreciation of the indispensibility of the Christian faith as absolutely critical to the success of our nation.This book rounded out my understanding , reinforced introductory legal concepts so I was better able to grasp the guiding principles and reasonings of the clandestine supreme court .
 The author is one of the most potent grassroots politicial activists in the country over the last generation , so she does generate controversy , and her effectiveness inflames the passions of her opponents which probably accounts for most of the one-star ratings.Okay . But what about the actual merits of the book ? The author is also an attorney by training . She has researched the subject well and supports the premise with a clear and cogent survey of the history of judicial activisim and the mischief it has caused . For those who have had enough of judges overreaching the duties of their office and snatching legislative powers away from congress and state assemblies , this book is a refreshingly candid look at what 's wrong , how we got into this mess , and constitutional remedies to get back on track . I always appreciate the glorious combination of brevity and clarity , and this book does not disappoint.Many people are unaware that the constitution grants Congress the power to legislate exceptions to the court 's jurisdiction -LRB- i.e. tell federal courts what they can and can not hear -RRB- . Mrs. Schlafly 's development of this idea is worth the price of the book alone .
 This book is another in a long line of evidence that many of our jurists are going stark raving mad . Except for the three bad liberal reviews ahead of this one -LRB- one of which wrote a five star review for that old cuss , Leo Buscalia 's latest `` advise to the lovelorn and those that will never find love because they are crazy '' ... seriously , does anyone still read Leo ? -RRB- , the other reviewers seem to realize this . The question is what can be done and I agree with the author ... it 's tough particularily when congress and the Prez do n't seem to want to do anything about these judicial zanies ... Remember that California got rid of Rose Bird and two other state supremes for their refusal to apply the death penalty , actually flaunting doing their duty in front of the people for ten years , daring them to do anything about it ... the people did , and Rose was out and even then she never `` got it '' . Get this book ... you need it to fight the liberal virus of `` gon na get ya '' . One way or the other , they mean it .
 In addition to being one of the most effective grass-roots leaders in America -LRB- she is credited for defeating the ERA among other things , -RRB- Mrs. Schlafly is also a briliant scholar with several advanced degrees , including a law degree . However , this book is easily readable to the average person . It is factual , well argued , and concise . She diagnoses the problem of judicial tyrrany , and offers practical , well needed solutions.The book has twelve chapters . Three chapters review how judicial supremacy got started , and how it grew . Eight other chapters examine eight important political issues , and how judges have illigitimately inserted their own policy preferences for the clear words of the Constitution . She shows how judges have acted to censor religious expression , undermine U.S. sovereignty , redefine marriage , foster feminism , promote pornography , interfere with elections , and even levy taxes -LRB- a chapter is devoted to each of these topics -RRB- . The best part of the book though , is the last chapter , entitled , `` How to Stop the Judicial Supremacists . '' This chapter alone is well worth the cost of the book . She gives 10 action steps that people can take to restore the Constitutional Republic , and curtail judges . One of the most important actions she recommends -LRB- and others are echoing this plea , -RRB- is that Congress must limit the jurisdiction of courts , which it has full power to do , under the Constitution . Another well needed remedy would be for Congress to stop funding the ACLU , and its legal war on American values . I personally was shocked to find out that my tax dollars go to fund this dangerous group of bullies.We as citizens can not simply continue to think that the solution to judicial tyrrany lies in getting the `` right '' people appointed to the courts . That notion used to be applied to kings . `` If we can only get a good king , monarchy should be supported , '' it used to be argued . No . The genius of the Founding Fathers was that they invented a way to peaceably get rid of bad leaders . However , we have now become brainwashed into thinking we must accept Supreme Court decisions as royal edicts with no way to veto them or remove justices from their lifetime appointments . Phyllis Schlafly points out the already available means by which the out-of-control judiciary can and should be made more accountable . I hope this book inspires average citizens to become more active and restore government by the people .
 With the looming battle over the Supreme Court confirmation , I find Phyllis Schlafly 's book The Supremacists a useful tool to educate readers about the growing problem of judicial activism.Mrs . Schlafly correctly sums up the ideology of these `` legislators in black robes '' by quoting Supreme Court Justice William J. Brennan : `` The Supreme Court has been , and still is , called upon to solve many of the most fundamental issues confronting our democracy , including many upon which our society , consciously or unconsciously , is most deeply divided , and that arouse the deepest emotions . Their resolution , one way or another , often rewrites our future history . `` Mrs. Schlafly is exactly right in calling this arrogance . Schlafly illustrates that our form of government is established on a genius system of checks and balances . This means that , despite what Judge Brennan thought , no single branch of our government `` can solve many of the most fundamental issues '' . Each branch of our government must keep the other in line.Mrs Schlafly also quotes Brennan in saying that `` evolution of constitutional law has been , in fact , a moving consensus . '' In saying this Brennan is trying to tell us that our Constitution changes with the culture and times . That doctrine of course defeats the very reason for having a Constitution . Schlafly makes it clear that these judges on the Supreme Court , lower federal courts , and state courts have as much duty to follow the Constitution as those elected by the people.Schlafly finishes her book by offering solutions to remedy judicial tyranny . She emphasizes the need for Congress to reign in the judicial `` supremacist '' . I highly recommend this book to those who are concerned about this growing problem
 A really good read about an extraordinary job by an ordinary bloke . The book is no nonsense and unputadownable . I highly recommend you give it a go .
 What can I say , I am a collector of cooking books . I buy at least once a week . When I bought the Pie and Pastry Bible my baking lifestyle change . I kissed the books a hundred time . My english is limited but I still able to bake successfully . Thank you Rose . I can get rid all my cooking books and buy all your books . I just made my first time Tiramisu and I ate them all too .
 If you bake pies or tarts you have to get this book . I have never been able to make a pie crust worth eating . Following the step by step directions for her basic pie cust , I made my first -LRB- successful -RRB- apple pie and received raved reviews!I have tried at least a dozen pie dough recipes and this is by far the easiest and best-tasting . I would have given this book 5 stars if it had more color pictures of the finished product.I 'm at the airport posting this review and looking forward to my long flight now that I have this book . Halfway through I simply can not put it down . -LSB- ... -RSB- Oh , got ta run or I 'll miss my flight ! . Highly recommend this book .
 This is a wonderful book -- I just wanted to call attention to an error in the Chocolate Cream Pie recipe . The ingredients list calls for 3 cups of milk , divided . In the recipe it says to add 1/4 cup milk to one part of the recipe , and use the remaining 3 and 3/4 cups for another part . Obviously , this would equal 4 cups rather than the 3 listed in the ingredients list . We have no way of knowing which is the right amount . I am hoping the author or publisher will answer this review with a correction . In the mean time , if you want to make this pie -LRB- fabulous and easy , by the way -RRB- , I split the difference , using 31/2 cups of milk in total , and it came out wonderfully .
 I 've been baking for more than 30 years , and I thought I did OK - as did my family . But there were a lot of answers to questions that I had n't even known I had in the Pie and Pastry Bible , and some new techniques that really have made a difference ! I 'm not enthusiastic about the way the book is set up , because I have to keep flipping back and forth from the filling to the crust until I get her crust recipe memorized . There are some recipes that are quite simple , but are presented in a complicated way . However , the information is very , very complete , and there are many entertaining comments and lots of recipes for any level of training and experience . I like it - and she makes a better pie crust than I do !
 The crusts you make with the help of this book are magical . My husband looked at me and said this is absolutely the most wonderful thing I have ever eaten . Even the bottom crust is flaky and gives the most satisfying crispy sound as your fork dives in for one more delectable , scrumptious bite .
 When I discovered Pillsbury readymade -LRB- pre-rolled -RRB- pie crusts in a local grocery store 's cold case , I started making pies again for my pie-loving husband . THE PIE AND PASTRY BIBLE is rather famous for its great , detailed instructions on making the perfect pie crust , but I use this book for its equally great pie filling recipes.Recently I made an absolutely scrumptious blackberry pie , the `` secret '' being author Beranbaum 's recipe that calls for a few tablespoons of lemon juice and lemon zest . She also cautioned -- quite correctly -- that the quality of my finished pie would depend on the quality of the blackberries used . My second blackberry pie was delicious , but not quite as scrumptious as the first , because I combined farmer 's market and grocery produce department blackberries , instead of using only fresh blackberries from the farmer 's market . This book has recipes for all of the classic pies -LRB- e.g. , apple , berry , lemon meringue , banana cream , pumpkin , chicken pot , quiche -RRB- , and for many variations and other varieties . There is , for example , a recipe for making Napoleons -LRB- one of my favorite pastries -RRB- ! The author 's folksy text about her early experiences , and her serious experiments , with pie making is another pleasurable `` plus '' factor with this book.Mine is the Kindle edition , which is quite satisfactory when viewed on a 1st Gen Kindle Fire or 8.9 '' Kindle Fire HD tablet . The 70 color photographs from the original hardcover edition are missing , but the charts and line drawings are there . -LRB- The charts are very small in a Kindle Keyboard . -RRB- To navigate , I use bookmarks at the recipes I 've used , at the Table of Contents , and at the Index . The Index is very detailed , and has working page links to the indexed recipes and information.If you could have only one book of pie recipes , this one would be an excellent choice . Two other pie recipe books that I like very much in Kindle editions arePie
 Definitely a good reference book great recipes and many pointers many different types of pie shells if you 're a pie maker or simply want to make your own pie shell this book will not dissapoint
 The Pie and Pastry Bible explains in fabulous detail how to make a wide variety of crusts and fillings . It covers wonderful things I 've not seen explained elsewhere , including the first recipe I 've encountered for Chocolate Croissants . This book will appeal to modernist cooks and those with an international outlook because it provides measurements in metric in addition to those in standard imperial units.The 70 page discussion of crusts at the beginning gives the reader a good picture of the level of expertise available to those who work through this book carefully . Towards the back you 'll find good discussions covering ingredient-specific techniques . The too-brief photo section includes gorgeous open-faced apple and peach pies that look like roses , and novel ideas like the use of bubble wrap to produce `` honeycomb tart . '' I like to go light on flour , so my greatest interests were in the sections on fruit , chiffon , and custard pies . Your interests will differ.I rate cookbooks based on the number of recipes I find interesting . By the time I got one third of the way through , I 'd marked more recipes than in any other cookbook I 've perused . So there are n't enough stars for me to describe this no-holds-barred 674 page collection of desserts . Since I do n't usually eat dessert , it 's hard to imagine how long it would take me to test out more than a sample of these appealing recipes . Still , the Pie and Pastry Bible belongs on the bookshelf of every excellent dessert baker .
 The flaky cream-cheese pie crust recipe alone is worth the price of the book . Additionally there are other excellent recipes and techniques . Everything is very clear and fail-proof . There are recipes for various types of pie , struedel , danish , and savory pastries like quiche and empanadas .
 I bought this book because I loved Rose 's Bread Bible and I wanted to make really good pies and pastries . Before using this book I had not had a lot of experience making pies , I had made a couple apple pies and pumpkin pies , but they were all kind of blah . Not anymore !! Even with my little experience Rose transformed me into an awesome pie baker !! After I made my first pie from the Pie Bible , people were telling me it was the best pie they had ever had in their life ! Now , I have to warn you , her pies do take a while to make . In many cases it 's an all day -LRB- or multiple days -RRB- affair . However , I promise you , if you diligently follow her instructions , the results will be worth it !
 Mme Rose 's book is one of the best cooking books around ! All is complete
 I discovered RLB when I decided to make my own wedding cake . After finding The Cake Bible , I never looked back . My guests still tell me it was the best wedding cake they ever tasted.While chatting online one day , I admitted that I was n't very good with pastry . Someone teased me about it ; I got ticked off and decided to make myself a pastry expert . Whom else would I turn to but Rose?Thanks to this book , my pies and pastries are flawless now . And do try making your own strudel using Rose 's instructions ; thanks to her detailed instructions , it 's easier than you 'd think . Once you 've mastered it , your friends will love you and your enemies will fear you.To echo other reviewers , this is not a book for those who want something quick and easy , but for the cook who wants to know how and why things work . If you 're willing to put in the time and effort , you will be rewarded with superior results .
 I have been baking for many years and own tons of books . But with this one I have truly mastered some things . The pie doughs are incredible , and although the explanations are long , they can be shortened if you have some experience . I do n't ever put the butter and flour in the freezer , but use ice water and very cold -LRB- from the refrigerator -RRB- butter and keep the processing to a minimum . And they turn out EXCELLENT . This is definitely a book to have even though there are some recipes that might not be exactly what you are looking for or expecting , but then I think no book will do that . And her Brioche recipe is totally worth the price of the book .
 I just finished my first pie out of this book , and although it was quite time-consuming , it was truly delicious . The book holds so many wonderful recipes , that I ca n't decide on which one to try next , and with Rose 's detailed instructions you just ca n't fail , even if you have never made a pie before . More pictures would have made this a five-star book . .
 Ms. Beranbaum is the dessert chef 's dessert chef . This is a superb book for serious home cooks and professionals . While I might not give this book to a beginner or casual cook , I would definitely recommend it to anyone interested in dessert making who wants to improve their skill level in a dramatic way .
 I am a good cook , but I do n't often make pies . I bought this book -LRB- because I have The Cake Bible by the same author and I love it -RRB- and made 2 pies from it . The second pie I made , I submitted to my company 's pie-baking contest . I won first prize ! If this cookbook can do that for me , it can do that for anyone willing to follow its instructions.Truly , the author gives you everything you need for success
 The recipes are delicious , and directions are thorough , as other readers have noted . I have owned this book for several years , and have one complaint . No recipe is all on one page or even consecutive pages . Once you find what you want to make , you have to flip back to the pastry part of the recipe . Then you have to find the cooking directions for the pastry . Then you flip back to the item you want to bake . Sometimes , in the course of that recipe , it says to use a particular technique and refers to another page . I made a pecan tart with wonderful results -LRB- and many compliments -RRB- , but had to find information in no fewer than four different parts of the book to accomplish this . This book is only for people who are very good readers who follow directions well and are not easily discouraged .
 I asked for this book for Christmas . I made my first pie ever -LRB- apple pie -RRB- and it turned out perfect ! I was very pleased because I did n't expect it to turn out at all since I 'm an inexperienced baker . I plan to make more of the recipes . It 's definitely a book worth having in your cookbook collection .
 I learned so much from reading this book . Beranbaum not only explains every step in her recipes ; she also inspires and directs you to the perfect ingredients . The many charts about quantities , pan capacities , etc. are invaluable for making many things besides pies and pastries .
 This book is excellent . As stated in other reviews it is not for the casual baker . It is for serious people trying to perfect an art form . I have researched pastry making from pie to croissant quite seriously and this book was still able to impart very valuable insight into the details of why things work -LRB- or do n't work -RRB- the way they do . I was especially relieved at the inclusion of mass measurements , which in the era of cheap digital scales , is de rigueur for any serious pastry chef -LRB- see p. 656 -RRB- . Some people complained about the recipes not `` working '' . I have n't tried any yet and am not going to discard my own standard pastry recipes , however the insights provided by the clear explanations are valuable to anyone . Even if you disagree with the approach , the rationale is always explained so you can make up your own mind about how you want to develop your baking . Of course , this is n't the level of sophistication normally found in a casual baker . I would say , however , that if a novice was starting out without a clue and knew in advance that they were going to be serious -LRB- opening a restaurant , let 's say -RRB- , this book would be a terrific place to start . I wish I had been able to read it before my first ill-fated baking experiments . Although this book is definitely broad in range , it is not absolutely comprehensive . Things I would have liked to see were a history of pastry and a discussion of various regional styles . I also have n't found a listing of all the recipes . The table of contents is very general and the index is very specific . And being English , I immediately looked for Cornish pasties which have their own peculiar issues . I did find its South American cousin , the empanada , but the explanation reveals the author is just getting familiar with this kind of dish . I did n't find any mention of boeuf en croute , although there was a wrapped meatloaf . Hopefully that helps you calibrate the level of detail you need in a book about pastry . In all the recipes looked pretty appetizing .
 I 'm a student for patisserie and cooking -LRB- in culinary arts -RRB- and I really loved this book and the author.She did a very well research on the topic , and there are a lot of options for everyone for plenty of pies - even if you dislike any of the recipes or pies alternatives . She explains a lot more know-how than our textbooks would bother.Also
 I recently acquired this book ... As I love baking . It is almost overwhelmingly full of information . Almost to the point on not knowing where to begin . I think a person should sit down and take the time to dig in and read it . As I have n't had the book that long yet I can not comment on the whole thing ... but I did find what I wanted ... The reason I purchased it in the first place and so I am very excited to sit and read and try out some of the recipes it has to offer . It is well worth having on your shelf if you are any kind of a baker at all . If you do not want to pay retail ... you certainly can find a clean 2nd hand copy as I did , and save yourself lots of money . The one that I received looked brand new with the dust jacket and all .
 I can not tell you how much I love this book . I received this recipe book as a gift years ago and have used it extensively ever since . This is the ONLY pie crust I use now . I use the basic butter recipe and it turns out great every time . I have gotten tons of compliments over the years on my pie crust and each time I send up a silent thank you to Beranbaum . Now do n't get me wrong , this book is not for everyone . Baking is a tough art that requires much attention to detail and let 's face it , TONS of practice . This book is really for someone that at least knows the basics and wants to improve upon their skills and the quality of their crust/dough . If you are just starting out , make this a book you work up to . Lots of people have complained that this `` bible '' does n't have enough recipes or enough variety . To me , these people are looking for an encyclopedia of pie , not this book . To me a `` bible '' lays out the ground work , the basics , so that you have a good knowledge of how everything works and some good basic crust/dough recipes . Then you can go out and build upon this knowledge . If you are serious about baking , this book could really help you . If you are a whip it up in 20 minutes kind of person , this is n't really for you .
 I am a rabid fan of Roses cake bible , heavenly cakes , the pie & pastry bible , and also her bread bible ! This book is a wonderful addition to her writing and baking ! She always gives wonderful tips , and she inspires me to try new things . i love to make something with her recipe then add in my own little twist to see if it works out or if it fails . With her recipes as a guide I have made some incredible creations ! Two thumbs up for Rose again !
 Rose Beranbaum 's `` Cake Bible '' and `` A Passion for Chocolate '' have long been part of my library and I have just added `` Heavenly Cakes '' and `` Pie and Pastry Bible '' to the collection . She obviously has devoted her life to the perfection of baking and her enthusiasm is infectiously palpable in every book she has written . The Pie and Pastry Bible is another beautiful book absolutely crammed full of tempting recipes . Just like her other books , some of the recipes in Pie and Pastry Bible are classics while others are her creations . Admittedly I have not tried to recreate the elaborate gateaux or fancy cakes in these books but all the recipes I have tried have turned out very well . So far , I have only tried the Sweet shortcrust pastry and classic American Apple Pie from the Pie and Pastry Bible but I have earmarked lots of other recipes to try . While some may find that her recipes are daunting in the level of detail and precision , I love them for exactly that reason . She demystifies the methods and ingredients of recipes in a way that I have not seen anyone else do and to my mind provides a mine of information to benefit bakers of all levels .
 Rose does it again ! I have only just begun to indulge in this book , but have found everything so far to be as expected ... spectacular ! This has joined my other two favorites ... The Cake Bible -LRB- of course -RRB- and Bernard Clayton 's Book of Bread . Thank you Rose . Keep up the awsome work !
 Just when I thought that The Cake Bible was the ultimate culinary experience , Rose Levy Beranbaum strikes again . I just bought a copy for my mother who taught me to love and bake my own pies from scratch . She lays it all out for you , step by step , and never leaves you hanging . Not only are there wonderful decadent recipies for pies of all kinds , but also for savory breads as well . How do I feel about this book ? To paraphase a famous saying -- you can have my Pastry Bible when you pry it from my cold dead fingers !
 First off
 This is a cookbook for the perfectionist . If you like to understand exactly why things work the way they do so that you can be in control of your baking projects , then this is the book for you . If you get excited at the thought of being empowered to create pastries more delectable than the very best you have ever tasted at the finest gourmet pastry shoppes , then you owe it to yourself to get this book.If you 'd rather not be bothered with too many niggling details and just want something quick that reliably comes out OK , even if you use the wrong type of flour , then stick with the Fannie Farmer Cookbook.Be warned . These recipes generally do n't have much margin for sloppiness built into them , the way ones from other cookbooks do . That 's why they taste so good when they are done correctly . You should read all of the background information on a topic before you start baking . Rose 's backgrounders are interesting , helpful , well-written and will make you a better baker . At the absolute minimum , you must follow the recipes to the letter . No substitutions or shortcuts whatsoever can be allowed unless you 've read all the background information so that you know * exactly * what you are doing.I can see only two legitimate grievances . The structure of the book is sometimes a bit scattered , which often makes it necessary to flip through to a half-dozen different places to get through a single project , and , -LRB- although this is not a concern for me -RRB- Rose makes no mention that I can see of what sort of adjustments one might make to achieve perfection at 9000 feet above sea level , and I could see how someone up in the Rockies might run into some difficulties.I can only think of one other `` downside ''
 I 'm new to pastries and have been using this book for about 6 months . It 's like having a graduate course in baking and I feel it 's the book to buy if you 're only going to buy one . And if you 're going to buy more than one , it 's still the book to buy . I 've noticed that some of the reviewers complain that there 's too much information . Difficult for me to understand how there can be too much information if your goal is how to make great pastries . The book is complete . You do n't need anything else .
 I asked for this book for Christmas and ended up staying up all night reading it straight through like a novel -LRB- porno actually -RRB- And I had made 4 peanut butter tarts before New Years . This book will join The Cake Bible as the only book I need to maintain my reputation as a serious baker . Very detailed and sometimes time consuming recipes , but they always work , and they always meet with rave reviews ! Plus its just SO PRETTY !!!
 I was a pie-making wannabe . I bake 6 or so a year , and could n't ever understand why they were so inconsistent . Sometimes the crust was great . Other times , the dough would break in half as I was moving it to the pie plate . It would taste great , but I was forever patching the stuff on the bottom to eliminate the obvious problems . Decorate the edges ? You must be kidding , as I rarely had edges . Too thin , too thick , whatever.When I read the first few pages of the book , RLB guarantees consistent results . Just what I wanted . And it works perfectly , even if you do take an occassional detour from the detailed instructions . 4 pies now in the last month -- every one had perfect crusts that rolled out beautifully , could be easily placed in the plate , could be manipulated easily for decoration and were yummy as all get out . Delicious beautiful and utterly professional . The best cookbook purchase I have ever made.Yes , the phrase `` easy as pie '' no longer exists , but my the time I made my third pie , the prep time had declined remarkably . -LRB- It 's still longer than any other pie or tart recipe you 've ever made , though -RRB- .
 Rose has pie and pastry baking down to an exact science . Her recipes are very exact , they specify ingredients frequently by brand name , baking techniques , and even which bakeware to use . I find that if I follow her recipe EXACTLY , the results are spectacular . However , following her recipe exactly takes a lot of time , if you take any shortcut , or delete a setp , then the results are less than average . I recommend this book for people who want excellent results and are willing to invest a lot of time , effort , and money in their baking . Rose 's instructions are very precise , so I think all levels of cooks could use this book successfully . I would not recommend this cookbook for anyone who wants to spend less than an afternoon baking a pie or pastry .
 Whether you are a novice baker or an old hand around the oven , this cookbook will never cease to amaze . Recipes are highly detailed but do not let this intimidate you . Each step takes you carefully from preparation to plating . Ingredients are list three ways
 The cream cheese pie crust recipie alone is worth the price of admission to this book . I had never made an edible pie crust before I tried this one . Directions are explicit and step by step.The recipies for pies and tarts are wonderful . I 've never had a failure using this cookbook .
 This is a very good book with useful tips . I tried baking my pie on the floor of the oven like she suggests . The first time it turned out amazing . Every time since it has burned . Anyone have ideas why this happened ? I have tried reducing the temperature and the crust comes out nice and golden but seems a little tougher to me .
 The cookbook is very nice and the receipes are great . Pictures are appealing and the summer fruit that is being harvested right now will be used in dinner party pies and to share with coworkers .
 I was surprised at how BIG this book is - 674 pages NOT counting the index . The recipes are well written and easy to follow with detailed instructions . I love that she gives the ingredient measurements in Volume -LRB- cups , etc. -RRB- , Oz . and grams . And the hints !! Now I feel like I can tackle anything from pie crust to Napoleons to Steak and Kidney pie with confidence . I 've actually spent a few hours just reading through parts of it . This book belongs on the shelf of every woman/man who has even the slightest interest in baking !
 This is an in depth cookbook detailing why certain steps are performed and in what particular order . If you had issues with prior pie baking experiences , this book will help you to figure out what you were doing wrong . I recommend it for anyone who really wants a comprehensive understanding of Pie and Pastry baking .
 If you really want to know how to make great pastry/pie crust , or if you want to understand how it works , then get this book . As with her Bread and Cake Bibles , RLB does an encyclopedic job of explaing pies/pastries while sharing her enthusiasm for them . She even admits to liking pie more than cake !
 Doing one thing and doing it well is often better than doing many things either averagely or poorly . The Pie and Pastry Bible does one thing and it does it extremely well . Rose Levy Beranbaum breaks down all the secrets to making pie and pastry as well as many variations . Too many cookbooks are pretty but not really informative . This one is not one of those , it will get constant use over the years in my kitchen . I know this because it will take me a long time to work through all the recipes . It will be worth it though .
 This book will be of extreme good use by new cooks and revered by old cooks with excellent instruction and upper crust receipes !
 Last week I recive the Pie and Pastry Bible and I 've already try out three recipes with good result . The children absolutly loves the Peanutbutter mousse pie and me and my husband hacve the pear and ginger cake as a new favourite .
 This book has answered many questions I have had regarding which crust to use with which type of filling . I have already tried several of the recipes and they have all been hits !
 This really is a glorious book , a must-have for any serious baker . Her cream cheese crust is unparalleled in my experience for achieving the perfect flaky texture of a pie crust . And the chocolate-peanut butter tart has quickly become a family favorite . Detailed recipes are a great help for the relative novices out there . For the more experienced cook , you can easily incorporate many of her ideas and tips without taking too much extra time . And I 've been known to take a few shortcuts too , still with excellent results.It 's quite helpful how she provides ingredients by weight or measure , something that 's rare for an American cookbook . And her tips on understanding what 's happening `` behind the scenes '' of the recipe appeal to the amateur chemist in me.I also own the Cake Bible by Beranbaum and , while it is the cookbok that won awards , I far prefer the Pie and Pastry Bible . The recipes suit my taste better and are much more likely to elicit the `` oohs '' and `` aahs '' that good cooks love to hear .
 This is a great book to learn from . If you are going to take the trouble to make your own pie crust , why not learn to make the best possible one right off the bat ? Take the time to learn it correctly , and it will become easier and easier with each one you make . Eventually , the book can be left on the shelf . Pie is my absolute favorite dessert in the entire world , but it can be my least favorite if it is not made well -LRB- as is often the case in the U.S. I am sorry to say -RRB- . I watched my husband eat most of a cherry pie that I made last night from the season 's first cherries with a certain joy I had never seen him express when eating pies that I made from online recipes or simple cookbooks . The details in this cookbook for chilling the dough , not overhandling , and using the best ingredients were great . The pictures in the book are also very inspiring . Thanks to the author !
 First of all , this is NOT a book for those wanting to make something up quick . If you want a quick and easy dessert , go somewhere else . If you enjoy the process of baking and -LRB- even more so -RRB- the pleasure of eating homemade goods , this book is for you.The piecrusts -LRB- as other reviewers have noted -RRB- are not the easiest . But , they do come out very well . It is possible to use the freezer bags as noted -LRB- only one is necessary per piecrust recipe -RRB- . On the crusts , I recommend using the food processor method . Also , I noticed that it takes a lot less time to bake the crusts than the time recommended in the book . I have never had them become soggy either . Brushing on the egg white after you bake them helps to prevent that.As for the time-consuming quality of the recipes , be prepared to spend a long time on any one of these . On the Strawberry Lover 's Chiffon Pie -LRB- my first pie ever to bake and the first from this book -RRB- , I spent around 9 hours over a two-day period . I just made the Apple Crumb Pie , and it took probably five hours though a lot of that was dead time -LRB- i.e. , baking or chilling times when I could be doing something else -RRB- . Before making any of these recipes , carefully read the instructions to get an idea of how long they take.And , the photography is excellent . It makes you want to make every single one in the book . The Pumpkin Pie and Honeycomb Chiffon Pie are coming up next -LRB- that is , after some recipes in her Cake Bible -RRB- . The recipes are meticulously detailed . If you follow them EXACTLY , you should get good results . If you take shortcuts or decide that something is n't necessary , you 'll get less than perfect results.The recipes range from traditional favorites like cherry and apple pies to more exotic pies -LRB- like the Honeycomb Chiffon pie and Tiramisu -RRB- . Recipes for savory pies -LRB- like Shepherd 's Pie and Chicken Pot Pie -RRB- are also included.This is my second favorite cookbook after Rose 's The Cake Bible .
 Every time I use this book I look at my wife , shake my head in wonder , and say simply , `` Rose knows . '' Her attention to detail is unsurpassed , and her instructions are clear . The book has many great recipes , although not quite as lavish or sophisticated as some books , but plenty impressive by my guests ' standards . Her explanation of chemistry and technique is top notch.This is one book -- the other is her Cake Bible -- that can truly call itself a bible .
 I have used this book on several special occassions . I do n't even have to do a trial run before I present the final dessert , because I am confident that every recipe in this book will turn out just as promised . Easy to follow instructions , and ingredients that you find at your local grocery store -- what could be better ! By using Rose 's recipe book , I have become the automatic dessert maker in my family ... especially when it comes to pies .
 Rose Levy Beranbaum uses her knowledge as a food scientist to perfect the art of baking . It helps you understand the methods behind baking and how to manipulate them to create amazing pastries . This book is as essential as The Cake Bible only better because she covers more ground with this book - everything from pate a choux to basic pie dough .
 As a formally trained & accomplished baker and long time fan of The Cake Bible , I love Rose 's latest publication . I have baked many of these recipes and all have been wonderful . I love making pies just to try new recipes -LRB- and now have many new friends to help me eat them -RRB- . Thank you Rose for my ever widening hips !
 Having heard Rose speak on Public Radio about the value in baking homemade pie for family and guests , I had to order the book if only to have the Flaky Cream-Cheese Pie Crust recipe , which Rose said , '' ... is the soul of this book . '' I was impressed when I heard her say she 'd tried the recipe 50 times to get it exactly , scientifically right . I am happy to report I tried the cream cheese crust , open-faced fresh blueberry pie yesterday , and it was worth every puttering step . Absolutely great ! It looked just like the wonderful color photo provided in the book and tasted fabulous . Rose 's book answers every possible question a baker could have about ingredients , storage , problems , you-name-it ! What could be a lost art for those of us who grew up with European-born , stay-at-home expert baker moms , Rose 's book is indispensable . The mystery and science of my childhood 's translucent apple strudel dough is included in this great book . She 's translated pinch-of-this , handful of that into very exact weights , measures , and procedures for any kind of putsy pastry , but DOES offer her recommendations for brand mixes for when you 're in a hurry .
 This is a terrific cookbook for a seasoned cook with a lot of time for preparation-intensive , step-intensive recipes . The few items that are photographed are beautiful and true to the recipe . There is excellent information on the `` science '' and `` technology '' of pastry making that is really useful . The storage information and resources for difficult to find ingredients is also great to have . The recipes are quite detailed and I really appreciate the fact that she offers ingredients by measurement and weight , as I much prefer cooking with a scale . However , the first two recipes I tried had errors -- one SERIOUS measurement error -LRB- the Chocolate Cream Pie recipe -RRB- , and the other two are errors in steps or in referring to an incorrect recipe as part of the main recipe -LRB- Lime , Kiwi , Blueberry Tart -RRB- . The Creme Anglaise recipe appears to be egg-yolk heavy -LRB- especially compared to other tested recipes -RRB- and may or may not be an error . Needless to say , I was less than thrilled to have to figure out what SHOULD have been printed in the recipe , while I was scrambling to get them finished in time for a party . I now know to try these recipes waaay in advance of actually needing to make them ! This is definitely NOT a cookbook for someone who is in a hurry ... many of the steps for normally simple recipes are quite complex and tedious . If , however , your goal is to really shine -- many of the desserts in this book are incredibly impressive , and all have been delicious . The Lime Curd used as a base for the Lime , Kiwi , Blueberry tart was so good by itself that I had to make a second batch for the tart !
 Good recipes , easy to follow instructions but just a few pictures . I think that an author as famous as Rose Levy should spend a little more in pictures .
 This is clearly a very thoroughly-written book on a subject that is often intimidating to American cooks . It will be an essential addition to any serious baker 's collection , but I wonder if it will be approachable by the average cook . The recipes can be very lengthy , with little picky steps that could be side-stepped by someone with a bit more familiarity with technique . However , her pie pastry is incredible , and though challenging , is well worth the effort . Everything I have made from this book has received high praise from my guests , too . Just do n't plan to whip something up from this book .
 She is a master of baking . Have tried several recipes ... turned out great . With the beautiful photos , I plan to be baking for a long time !
 i love this book and i get very fast from seller after i have been order
 The book is good . The crust instructions are great . The author recommends 2 tbsp of starch for berries pies . I made four blackberry pies with two and more tbsp of starch , and it was still runny , fool of juices on the botton , does n't matter how long you bake . There is no way it would work . I was dissapointed until found blackberry pie recipe on allrecipes.com with only 4 reviews , and it was the best berry pie I ever had . Add 3 to 4 Tbsps of tapioca instead to all her recipes . Also she recommends to add 2 tsp of lemon zest . I add a pich , and it was very much enough . The author says that she tried most of her recipes fo up to 50 times . In other words
 ... put this book on your shopping list , but then LEAVE it there for a while , get yourself a more pedestrian introduction , and practice for a while before presuming you are ready for this tome.I recently thought to teach myself pastry-making from scratch using this book . Mistake ! Halfway through another night of carefully cutting unsalted butter into '' cubes , wrapping them individually in plastic wrap , putting 2/3rd of them in the fridge and the rest in the freezer , all the while muttering `` Ours is not to reason why ... '' , Ms. Beranbaum 's lovely photo on the back cover got decorated with a short moustache that makes her look a little like . . eh ... let 's be polite and say `` Charlie Chaplain . `` I 'll leave it to others to sing this book 's well-deserved praises . If you just want to get dinner on the table , it is not for you . I recently spent eight hours over three nights making her chicken pot pies . The result ? My wife fainted clean away , and my teenager actually lifted her head out of her plate and pronounced -LRB- as close as I can approximate -RRB-
 I should start off by saying that this cookbook is not for someone who wants to throw together a pie quickly . This cookbook has recipes that take a little work , but are definitely worth the effort ! This book is entitled `` The Pie and Pastry Bible '' for a reason - it is a bible for spectacular desserts that taste like they came from a pastry chef . I 've had plenty of pies from bakeries that have n't tasted nearly as good as the ones in this book.Most of us have probably eaten pies where the crust was just functional - meant to hold the filling in , but really tasteless . How about pie crusts that could stand on their own without the filling ? The crusts in this cookbook are that delicious ! They may take a little effort , but the results are spectacular.This cookbook is a wonderful source of recipes if you really want to impress someone . You will be amazed to discover that you , too , can make terrific pastries . Rose 's directions will walk you through it step-by-step . Bottom line - I absolutely love this cookbook , but I admit it may not be for everyone . However , if you are a serious baker , this one should definitely be on your shelf !
 I have devoured this book -- I have truly enjoyed reading it . If you enjoy the '' Why '' behind baking you will love this book . This is an excellent reference . Better yet , I got raves on the cherry pie that I made . I 'm buying her book on cakes and cookies TODAY !
 I can always rely on Rose ! I have read the book and made many of the recipes . The cream cheese crust is the best -- tender and flaky . My husband does n't like blueberry pie , but he thinks the open-face blueberry pie is outstanding
 It 's simply amazing ! The recipes here never fail ! I recomend this book to everyone , but remember : patient is everything.If you are the kind of person that not use to follow each detail that the recipe calls for , go to the supermarket and buy something frozen .
 First off i love rosie she is the best ... i have all her cookbooks and they truely are my bibles for cooking and baking ... I use the Pie and Pastry cookbook all the time . . And everyone loves my pies and the butter pie crust is to dye for ... I have maded alot of the pies and they all have come out great ... so if you are looking for the prefect pies and crust this is your book ...
 The Pie and Pastry Bible by Rose Levy Beranbaum is one of my favorite cookbooks . It 's definitely the one I use the most , as is obvious from my version 's dog eared and splattered pages . This book contains a section on crusts from which I learned to make excellent crusts . She describes in detail how to produce no-fail tasty crusts , the foundation of pies and tarts . As for the recipes themselves , here are a couple of my favorites from the Pie and Pastry Bible
 I love most everything by Rose L. B. I like owning anything written by this author . I am a baker and care most about the quality of the recipes . So far , I 've never had a bad recipe written by Rose L. B . The pictures are pretty nice too and an extensive collection of recipes can be found in this book . What 's not to like ... she 's the best !
 I have not ever read a more detailed book on this subject yet . The author explains not just how to buy why . Every one I have showed it to has ordered it . If want to know everything there is to know about pies and pastries , then you have found the ultimate ! GREAT
 I have only just discovered `` reader reviews '' and want to thank you all from the bottom of my heart for the wonderful thoughts you have shared about my work . I also want to address the people who are having trouble with one of my all time favorites -- the lemon meringue pie . There is no mistake in this recipe . More yolks result in a thicker filling not a thinner one UNLESS they are not brought to a temperature of over 160 degrees fahrenheit to destroy the amylase -- an enzyme which will , within hours , thin out the filling . Since the rest of the filling is boiling hot when contacting the yolks , this should ensure that the yolks get heated adequately but evidentally in some cases this must not be so . Perhaps the yolks were cold from the refrigerator . SOLUTION
 When I heard that Rose Levy Beranbaum was coming out with a new cookbook , I was very excited . The author of the Cake Bible and Rose 's Christmas Cookies , she is known for her excellent recipes and very detailed instructions . Her new book , The Pie and Pastry Bible is no exception . The book contains not only 315 delectable recipes for pies , tarts , quiches and pastries but also has sections on techniques , ingredients , and equipment . She extensively covers these topics explaining , for example , how to make the perfect pie crust by giving step-by-step instructions on how to blend and measure flours , roll , cut , shape and bake the crust . In every recipe , if you follow her instructions to the letter , a three star dessert will be your reward.In reviewing The Pie and Pastry Bible I made the Lemon Pucker Pie , Brownie Puddle , Great Pumpkin Pie , and the Open Faced Designer Apple Pie . Every recipe turned out and tasted wonderful . It is obvious that Rose Levy Berenbaum has tested every recipe to ensure perfect results . This book however , is for the professional or serious baker . To go through this amount of trouble to make something , you must really know and appreciate quality . This is not the sort of book you buy if you want to make something quickly as it could easily frustrate the novice baker . For example , making the apple pie involves many steps . The apples are first cut , mixed with ingredients , macerated for 30 minutes to 3 hours , and then placed in a colander to drain . The liquid is reduced and then re-added to the cut apples with cornstarch . This does result in a wonderful apple flavor , but is it worth the effort ? When I weigh the extra time and effort involved , I would rather sacrifice a little taste and make it the old-fashioned easier way . Rose Levy Beranbaum has aimed for perfection and this takes a lot of time and much effort . This is a great book for the serious baker who wants to make perfect pies and pastries and understand the science behind it . The recipes are given in both volume and weight , which I appreciate . She gives storing instructions for every recipe and pointers for success . At a list price of $ 35.00 it is a great textbook .
 As someone who had tried various pie-crust recipes over the years and never gotten it quite right , reading Berenbaum 's aptly named bible was a revelation . The complex and rather unorthodox techniques for cutting in fat into the flour had me skeptical at first but , having tried several of the various crust recipes in this book , I will never make a crust the easy old way again . If you want to make consistently perfect , by which I mean delectably tender and flaky , crust , this book is for you . The cream-cheese crust that Berenbaum calls the soul of her book is alone worth the price of the book.In addition , there 's the fool-proof technique for ensuring an apple pie in which the juices cling just so to the apple slices yet puddle just a little on the plate -- no more runny apple pies . The multi-step technique , which involves macerating the apple slices , draining the liquid that forms , and boiling down the liquid to a syrup before baking , is time-consuming , but the results are worth it . I tried the apple pie recipe , and my husband rated it a 10 ! I am one reader who will never again simply toss the apple slices in sugar and bake , on the off-chance that the liquids might -LRB- or might not -RRB- reduce enough during baking.The book is invaluable also for the understanding it gives the reader of how the various ingredients in pie crust work , e.g. , why the addition of baking powder to pie crust is a must for flakiness , why the crust dough needs to be kneaded harder and longer to make it strong enough to wrap around a meat loaf or the filling of a turnover , etc. I could go on and on about the merits of this book . Although I wish no one else would read it so that I could be the only person in the world -LRB- besides the author -RRB- who can make marvelous crust , I can not help thinking this is a book that should not be kept a secret .
 Now this is what folks mean when they talk about a definitive book . I will never have to purchase another pie and pastry how-to . This book covers it all with a depth that satisfies all questions . If you love Alton Brown and judiciously read all of the Cooks Illustrated background testing info , this book is for you . I am so happy with this book that I am not just looking up specific recipes , I am literally reading it as if it were a novel . -LRB- I am a curious cook . -RRB- For the novice pie and pastry baker , you may think this will be too overwhelming for you . I think this is written in such a way that you will `` get it '' and thus start out making things correctly . For the experienced , this book is a problem solver and is the road to perfection.This book contains more than 300 recipes . There are more than 15 recipes for pie crusts plus variations . With that said , obviously not every pie under the sun is here , but there is enough information for you to make improvements on any recipe that is not covered.This book is so close to perfect , I gave it five stars . However , I do have some criticisms . First , this book needs to better catalog the recipes . The table of contents lists simply the chapters , such as fruit pies , tarts , custard pies etc. . The chapters delve into the subject without listing the recipes . I would prefer that each chapter had a mini table of contents that listed individual recipes.My second criticism is the altering of classic recipes to suit her personal tastes . I realize this is completely subjective , but if she were a Southerner , I would n't have to continue to hunt for recipes for chess pie and coconut custard pie . This is the same criticism I had of the Cook 's Illustrated baking volume too . However , we 're talking about two or three recipes in each book that I do n't agree with , so the books were still worth the purchase.Speaking of Cook 's Illustrated , if I had to choose between this book and Baking Illustrated , I would go with this book . If both are an option for you , get both . Cook 's does a good job of balancing flavor with speed . The bible series seems to be all about flavor with little regard to speed.My last criticism is a minor one and I realize it is as subjective as the author 's taste when writing the recipes ; I find the language and recipe structure awkward at times . I think the Williams-Sononma Collection , while not the most exhaustive collection of recipes , is the best example of recipe writing.I wanted to make pie crust from scratch for Thanksgiving , so I paid rush shipping charges to get this book here and it is worth the expense . I made a test basic flaky pie crust and it came out perfectly . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 While I have found Rose Levy Beranbaum 's other major tome `` The Cake Bible '' a source of nearly unending frustration , `` The Pie and Pastry Bible '' is a triumph . I can think of no other pastry book that comes close in either breadth or depth . Every pastry topic is covered in detail , and most recipes work as advertised , at least in experienced hands . Like the author 's other books , everything is spelled out in glorious detail , and ingredient measures are given in both weight and volume . Most important , the formulations seem battle-tested , and I approach them with far more confidence than the recipes in `` The Cake Bible . `` The pie crust recipes are outstanding , and I like the fact that the finished pies are designed to slip out of the pan so you can serve them from a cutting board . The fruit pies are innovative and an extensive table takes the guesswork out of adding starch thickeners . The puff pastry , croissant , and Danish formulas work as advertised , and they produce a final product that simply can not be bought . -LSB- Note
 This book can be great but only if you have a lot of time to invest in making a pie or tart . And , while Rose does do a masterful job of teaching the fine art of pastry making -LRB- and it is an art ! -RRB- I think complete novices would be better off making do with a simpler book for awhile . But for those really serious about pastries and pies this book can be terrific . There are many recipes for different kinds of pastries as well as many different kinds of pie fillings . The directions are detailed and the illustrations mouth-watering . I enjoy it more than The Cake Bible because I do n't find the recipes quite so exotic and so am able to use more of them , more often . Just be prepared to spend the entire afternoon or evening making one pie . On the plus side , if you follow Rose 's directions , the time will certainly be time well spent .
 One would expect such an authoritative volume on baking to come from a chunky Frenchman with a very tall toque and an accent you can cut with a pastry knife , not from the ever so sweet and coy face smiling at you from the back of the dust jacket of this very large book on a very serious subject . But , this book from this author should be no surprise at all , as it is the middle volume on a trilogy that does for baking what Tolkein did for epic fantasy in ` Lord of the Rings ' . Before I even start to talk about the virtues of the book , just consider the difference in content you are receiving from Rose Levy Beranbaum 's three books when compared to Ina Garten 's three cookbooks . For a 30 % addition to the price , Beranbaum is giving you approximately 300 % more information . Another comparison is to compare Beranbaum 's 2000 pages with the very authoritative sounding ` King Arthur Flour Baker 's Companion ' weighing in at a mere 607 pages . That is just to put these works in perspective.To most newbies , cooking may seem relatively easy , but one glimpse at what you need to make a decent pie crust has most novices running to the megamart refrigerated cases for those premade Pillsbury pie crusts . First , you have to pick the right ingredients . Can I use all-purpose flour or should I use pastry flour . Can I use King Arthur or should I use White Lily ? Should I use butter or vegetable shortening or lard ? Should I add vinegar or not ? Should I add an egg yolk or not ? Then , you have to be concerned about the weather . Is the barometer rising or falling ? Is the air humid or dry ? Then comes the technique . Do I use a pastry cutter or do I use my hands ? How long do I work the flour and fat before adding the liquid ? How much do I work it after adding the liquid ? How long do I rest it before rolling it out ? How do I lay the crust in the pan to avoid shrinking ? What kind of pan do I use to bake the pie ? Do I blind bake the crust for this pie ? How long do I bake ? What do I look for to know the bottom crust is done?I 'm exaggerating a little because many of these variables are usually well enough in control that they do n't ruin a pie . But , every variable offers a way for things to go wrong . Now , millions of people , myself included , have successfully made good pie crusts without having read Ms. Beranbaum 's book , but millions of people , myself included , have made pie crusts which just did n't make the grade . Rose Levy Beranbaum tells you why , and gives you all the information you need to avoid each and every problem.One of the very few problems I find with Ms. Beranbaum 's work is that there is so much information , it is difficult to whip out a simple recipe or find the solution to a simple problem without literally studying the information for some time . But , the only thing that means is that this book , however good , may not be for everyone . For the casual baker of pies , I strongly recommend Wayne Harley Brachman 's ` American Desserts ' . Ms. Beranbaum 's book is for the serious baker and for people who really like to read about baking in order to troll for ideas and projects . The depth of information exceeds virtually every other work I have seen so far . Where other books give you measurements by both weight and volume , Ms. Beranbaum gives you measurements in both Metric and English system units . Where others recommend a fat to use , Ms. Beranbaum explains why the fat of choice should be used and how to make intelligent substitutions with various kinds of ingredients . While I have not yet read Shirley Corriher 's book ` Cookwise ' , Rose gives me the same kind of intimate knowledge of my ingredients and techniques as I would expect from Shirley . Rose even quotes Shirley 's recipe for Southern biscuits as the model recipe for same.Speaking of biscuits , if I were to write a tutorial on pastry making , I would probably start with biscuits . As Beranbaum points out , the techniques and results when making biscuits stand you almost exactly halfway between pastry crusts and cake making . I would add that it also puts you very close to the bread baking world , with a product where the time between cracking open the flour canister and pulling the finished product out of the oven can be less than 30 minutes . This makes biscuit baking a perfect intro . to baking in general . Needless to say , Ms. Beranbaum covers biscuits with her usual thoroughness.I would very strongly recommend this and all of Ms. Beranbaum 's books on baking as a perfect second book on their respective subjects . As a first book , get ` Baking with Julia ' and follow the directions with the diligence of a Viennese pastry master . Very highly recommend to those in love with baking . How can you possibly resist so sweet a smile on Ms. Beranbaum 's face as she kneads her dough on the dust jacket ?
 Like The Cake Bible , this is a very detailed , incredibly researched book . Ms Berenbaum tolerates nothing short of perfection . If you 're interested in EXACTLY how to make the perfect pie crust or puff pastry , this is for you . If you find analyses of Heckers flour vs King Arthur mind-numbing , you might want to pass it up and go back to the baking chapter of The Joy of Cooking.Although it 's geared towards the more serious baker , it 's useful for novices too , as the instructions are very detailed and she goes to great lengths to explain why she does everything she does -LRB- this is good for bakers of all abilities , because some of her techniques are nontraditional -RRB- . Many of the recipes are time consuming , but they are worth it -- gorgeous to look at and delicious to taste .
 When I heard that Rose Levy Beranbaum was coming out with a new cookbook , I was very excited . The author of the Cake Bible and Rose 's Christmas Cookies , she is known for her excellent recipes and very detailed instructions . Her new book , The Pie and Pastry Bible is no exception . The book contains not only 315 delectable recipes for pies , tarts , quiches and pastries but also has sections on techniques , ingredients , and equipment . She extensively covers these topics explaining , for example , how to make the perfect pie crust by giving step-by-step instructions on how to blend and measure flours , roll , cut , shape and bake the crust . In every recipe , if you follow her instructions to the letter , a three star dessert will be your reward.In reviewing The Pie and Pastry Bible I made the Lemon Pucker Pie , Brownie Puddle , Great Pumpkin Pie , and the Open Faced Designer Apple Pie . Every recipe turned out and tasted wonderful . It is obvious that Rose Levy Berenbaum has tested every recipe to ensure perfect results . This book however , is for the professional or serious baker . To go through this amount of trouble to make something , you must really know and appreciate quality . This is not the sort of book you buy if you want to make something quickly as it could easily frustrate the novice baker . For example , making the apple pie involves many steps . The apples are first cut , mixed with ingredients , macerated for 30 minutes to 3 hours , and then placed in a colander to drain . The liquid is reduced and then re-added to the cut apples with cornstarch . This does result in a wonderful apple flavor , but is it worth the effort ? When I weigh the extra time and effort involved , I would rather sacrifice a little taste and make it the old-fashioned easier way . Rose Levy Beranbaum has aimed for perfection and this takes a lot of time and much effort.This is a great book for the serious baker who wants to make perfect pies and pastries and understand the science behind it . The recipes are given in both volume and weight , which I appreciate . She gives storing instructions for every recipe and pointers for success .
 I never thought of myself as a truly serious baker , although I 've always preferred baking to actually `` cooking '' -- but this book has made my reputation -- to the point where I 've now been asked to bake a cake for a friend 's wedding -LRB- so of course , I 've just ordered the Cake Bible ! -RRB- I think the scientific explanations are interesting , but just skip them if you do n't have time to read a treatise . Also , I found it REALLY helpful to carefully read the recipe -- the day before you start baking , if possible -- so that you 're not stuck waiting for butter to freeze or fruit to macerate when your guests are starting to arrive ! The results are spectacular -- the pear tart was perfection and I 've never had any of my attempts fail , which is more than I can say for both Bon Appetit and Gourmet recipes .
 This book tends to read at times as though it were longing to be classified as a science text . This is not necessarily bad . I found it very interesting to read about what makes a good pie crust
 Please be aware of an error regarding the lemon meringue pie on page 178 . The recipe reads `` 8 -LRB- eight -RRB- eggs , separated yolks . '' I followed this exactly -LRB- questioning this as most recipes use 3 or 4 eggs at the most -RRB- ; however in a book entitled the `` Bible '' , one does not question the authority . This mistake spelled disaster ; the pie looked beautiful but was simply egg soup . I trust this will save someone from a similar disaster .
 I never make a pie or pastry crust using anyone else 's recipe . I know it wo n't be as good , so I just do n't do it . I always use one from this book . That way , there 's no anxiety . I know with certainty the crust will be perfect .
 Rose has created yet another essential guide to the world of baking . My only concern is that it might take her another ten years to put out her next masterpiece . She is , as usual , concise , clear , and oblivious to calorie counting , so you can be assured of turning out desserts that your family and guests will swoon over without having had to attend culinary arts schools around the world . For those of you who have and enjoy her Cake Bible , ponder this a moment
 The book is a real treasure to any baker
 I bought this book as a gift , it was well received and highly recommended by others who knew of the book . The used book part was a plus due to cost -LRB- I bought the series -RRB- and it/they were still in perfect condition .
 Great recipes , easy to follow . If you like the Cake Bible this is a perfect companion .
 And the Lord did sayeth , `` Let there be pie '' , and there was pie , and yea it was good . And the Lord did eateth all the pie , and that did maketh everyone else Angry , and it was all not that good , but nobody did sayeth anything to the Lord because they know that if they Did than the Lord would smiteth them with a Thunder-bolt , and believeth you and me a Thunder-bolt is not much fun.The Pie Bible does n't have phrases like that , but when you think about it , it really should . As long as you do n't think about it that much .
 I am happy that I purchased this book . It is an excellent reference book !
 This is an excellent book for a wide range of cakes , and for a great introduction to or review of baking chemistry . The only thing worth noting is that Levy Berenbaum is n't very good with the heartier cakes , as the concentration on centerpiece creations should have tipped me off to . The carrot cake is n't terribly carrot-y or hearty in the way I 'd hope for , the banana bread is a light banana cake , and there 's no gingerbread recipe . However , the variety of well-explained basic cakes , rolls , creams , icings , and fillings , the explanations of the differences among the various recipes , the wealth of confections assembled from the building blocks , and the recommendations for storage make this great as a baking playground for those looking for fairly refined results . I suppose the only thing I find fault with in the book is the title , which gives the impression it 's a bit more all-encompassing than it turns out to be . Still , highest marks .
 How wonderful it was to read this book to my 4 year old , and for them to fall asleep smiling . What a sweet story . The pictures were beautiful .
 This book is one of the most amazing childrens ' stories I have ever read . Its vivid detail creates a real-live depiction of Bess and her adventures in her big , sleepy room . The illustrations also are absolutely beautiful , capturing the emotions of Bess and her adventures . I recommend this story to any parent looking for a beautifully-written , wholesome story to read to their young children . A great present from a family member or simply a wonderful addition to a bookshelf .
 What a great story to help young children fall asleep . The room felt magical and the words were almost lyrical .
 I loved this book for my kid . He thought the pictures were great . The are so colorful and lively . He is four and just loves all the baseball stuff . The story is pretty good too . I am going to buy this book for all my neices and nephews cause i am sure they will love it too . BUY THIS BOOK !!!!!!!!!
 This is a fictional story , but the tale might as well be real to a Taiwanese . The story starts in near Lukang when KMT soldiers steal the god from a family and he is sent to bring it back . Much of the story focuses around an American newsman stationed in Taipei and how he learns Nationalist Taiwan is not what it seems . The true story behind the fiction is that Sneider met Ed Paine , an eye witness to the 228 massacre and Paine hooked Sneider up with his interpreter . The history is fuzzy , the places are not where they should be , but the story is more an allegory of 50 's Taipei with the dreaded race track and deaths . This book is now considered rare following years of KMT student spies stealing it from libraries . -- not my review , but Maowang from Forumosa
 If you 're reading this it 's probably because you are a Richard Thompson fan . And if you are a real fan , you should get this because
 Although most likely meant for his small cadre of fans , `` Richard Thompson
 When i read this book for a class project i was amazed with it when i realized it was written in 1962 . I read it several times as it is not the most easy of reading , but once i did so i thought it was maybe written in the eighties with a backward-looking viewpoint . When i learned the actual date of publishing ... i was stupified . Must read for any of Bucky 's fans .
 The thing I like most about this directory is how easy it is to look up the cross referenced information
 Nope it does n't replace a tome costing much more . Yes it does solve all those annoying ZIP confusions and the Area Code look ups are excellent . Good value .
 The short introduction by Rudi Giuliani gives weight to the value of this slim book . We become great leaders by reading about the lives of great leaders and examining the thoughts of great leaders . That 's why quotes are so great . They capture key thoughts in a way that is elegant and easy to learn from.This book is short . What it lacks in length it attempts to make up for in depth of meaning . The quotes are divided into sections
 Rudolph W. Giuliani will never be forgotten for his display of Leadershipin the streets of New York City after the planes crashed into the Towerson September eleventh , two thousand and one.Though living through the same emotions as the people he was elected to lead , he held his ground , and gathered his teams of first-responders together through thenetwork of Department heads he had put in place . Everyone did the best they could to `` circle the wagons '' , pick up the dust of the dead , and eventually begin again.In this 115 page soft-covered book , published in 2003 , we see the reflective thoughts of others who had/have qualities that made/make them inspirational people , able to influence those around them ; and we are urged to wonder , to act , and to reflect on our own actions ... remembering that someone is looking to each of us to lead in a way that would inspire and encourage that person to follow our lead.Look through the table of contents and pick a topic of interest . Whose wordsinspire you ? Think about them . Act on them . See where you can be of service that day ! Do your best ! Blessings to you and Peace to our world !
 If you are looking for a not-too-big-yet-not-too-small collection of good leadership-related quotes from a wide variety of authors , then this book is for you.Organized into 19 specific leadership-related sections with each section focused on a specific leadership-related topic -LRB- character , courage , compassion , posterity , service , vision , wisdom , power , conviction , action , work , inspiration , change , the oval office , risk , failure , teamwork , challenge , self-knowledge -RRB- , this 275 quote collection was focused and easy to read . Each page featured no more than five quotes , and contained plenty of open space that allowed me to jot down my thoughts , comments , and observations.The challenge with any collection of quotes is that each collection is limited by the personal preferences of the compiler , and the value of any collection is determined by each individual reader . I was familiar with many of the quotes -LRB- from my years of collecting quotes -RRB- , and enjoyed many of the quotes that were new to me -LRB- they will be added to my personal quotes database -RRB- . This book contains enough good quotes to make it a valuable addition to anyone 's leadership-related library , and its length and organization made it a perfect public transportation commute companion .
 This is a small but interesting book about the thoughts of various leaders throughout history . It is sold as a companion book to Giuliani 's best selling book , Leadership -LRB- two volume set -RRB- . The book is introduced by Rudy Giuliani who has put together a collection of over 250 inspiring leadership quotations from individuals like Lee Iacocca , Will Rogers , Martin Luther King , Abigail Adams , Eleanor Roosevelt and many others . Giuliani explains why he compiled these quotations by saying , '' ... leadership is mostly a skill that people learn . They learn from their parents , from their friends and colleagues , from their teachers , and from their clergy . But leaders also learn from leaders they 've never met - by reading about them '' . These quotations are organized in 20 subject chapters and include titles like character , compassion , vision , conviction , action , inspiration , failure and teamwork . Some of these quotations are well known but others are unique . Leadership Through the Ages is intended to provoke serious thought and reflection . Here are a few examples ... Example moves the world more than doctrine . - Henry MillerThere are two ways of spreading light
 I read this years ago , as a child and in Russian , and I still remember the feeling of genuine dread -LRB- and triumph -RRB- this story inspired . Even as I think of it now , I feel the hair rise on the back of my neck . The evil in the book does not chase after you -- it waits for you to come to it , and invariably , you do . In that sense , the title THE SATANIC MILL is unfortunate -- you expect the mill to be Satanic ; in Russian translation , the book was called simply KRABAT -LRB- the main character 's name -RRB- , and you did not quite know what to expect.The story begins as a young boy named Krabat , somewhere around present-day Eastern parts of Germany , falls asleep wandering , and dreams of ravens crowing . Their message is for him to go to the mill some miles away , to sign up as an apprentice . Which he does , of course , and soon learns that it is no regular mill . -LRB- Nor is it quite Satanic , actually -- for it is not Satan who runs it -RRB- . He may stay , or he may go ; if he goes , he will learn magic from the Miller himself . Of course , he stays -- and becomes one of the apprentices , who turn , at their Master 's command , into black ravens . All peachy so far -- until the cleverest -LRB- and the kindest -RRB- of all the apprentices dies an unnatural death -- but not before having made his own coffin and dug his own grave.In the -LRB- happy -RRB- end , of course , Krabat will have to choose between love and good and fairness -- and magic . Between being a regular boy and a powerful Miller himself ; but such a choice will not come to him easily -- and he will have to fight for his life , and that of his love.My favorite characters in the book were the idiot Yuro and the Great Pumphut , who gives the Miller a run for his money . The story is very creepy -LRB- or I think it would be for a 13-14 year old ; I know it was for me -RRB- , poignant and beautiful .
 It is a shame that this book is out of print ... find a copy if you can ! Although it contains very little gore or violence , it is one of the creepiest books I have ever read . It is an excellent account of the manner in which evil attracts and then enslaves the will . Krabat learns to use extraordinary power at the mill , yes , but only at the price of enslaving his being to the evil miller . The manner in which the miller dominates the wills of his workmen is truly horrifying . Since magic is ultimately about power and domination , it can only be defeated by its opposite , self-giving love . Krabat finds this salvation in the humility of a village girl.This book is the alternative to Harry Potter that I have been looking for as reading material for my kids . It is surely creepy , but not too creepy for 12 year olds and up . The Potter books treat magic and evil as something trivial that can be toyed with impunity . The Potter kids find they can defeat the most horrifying evils with a few magic tricks and a little cleverness and courage . Evil deserves more respect than that , because it is far more dangerous and powerful , working primarily through corruption of the will . Preussler is a master at depicting this process , with the miller breaking the wills of his apprentices through pointless work . Eventually , the men are so dominated that they acquiece in their own deaths , literally digging their own graves.This is a wonderful book . It leaves the reader with a lasting impression of the dangerousness and horror of evil , as well as the power and joy of agape - self-giving love .
 I first read this book when I was a kid , and have re-read it several times since . I gave it to my husband as a gift , and although usually he is not too thrilled with the books I pick , he loved this one.Krabat , the protagonist , is a young orphan who starts working as an apprentice at a mill where black magic and witchcraft are at work . The miller has made a deal with the devil , and each year one of the apprentices has to be sacrificed by the miller to keep his side of the deal . Some of Krabat 's friends end up dead . Krabat , however , finds salvation through his love , a singer from the nearby village . She is able to rescue him from certain death and put an end to satan 's reign , even when the miller casts an evil spell , because her love for Krabat is stronger than witchcraft.Otfried Preussler accomplished a miracle with this book
 I read this book as a child about 25 years ago , and it seems as if it was just yesterday . I read the German version which is simply titled ` Krabat ' . I think the English title might prevent people from buying it , and that 's a real shame . This is a very special story that I look forward to sharing with my children .
 The Satanic Mill by Otfried Preussler is a great book to read . It is about a begger boy called Krabat who gets called to a mill in a dream . The mill is also a Black School . He met a female singer , and they both fell in love . Krabat wanted to leave the mill , but to do that the Singer -LRB- the book did not give her name -RRB- had to pick him out while he and all the other miller 's men were in the form of ravens.This book is very creepy , mysrerious , and unpredictable which , I think , is great . There are several things to focus on , so it does n't get boring . It 's very nervewracking , too . All in all , it is one of the best books I have ever read . I give it a five-star rating .
 I bought this book in 1974 for 30p , purely because of the title . At the tender age of 11 I loved it . I have read it numerous times since then , the last being at the moment at the age of 40 . I still ca n't put it down . Even though I know the story I find it enthralling , and it still keeps me on edge . I so wish they would make it into a film . Each of the 3 segments builds up to a great ending . You are really rivetted throughout . I can not recommend it enough . . it is my favourite book I have ever read . It 's amazing how something costing 30p has given so much enjoyment over the years !!
 I have read this book five times now , and it is still one of the best books I have ever read ... It takes you right back to a time where black magic was a thing you would accuse and drown a witch for ... At the same time there is romance in it , and because of that the story is even better . According to my mind there should be made a film about this book !!!
 I first read this book very very many years ago , in French , as a young boy . Since then I have re-read this book at least 15 times . There is something indescribable about this book , that draws me back to it even if I already know the story by heart , and even if I am not a child anymore . As I read it , I feel carried away to that time , I feel I am in the mill with them , I feel I have the same powers they do ... that is how well written this book is . I think what I enjoy the most is the camaraderie that exists between the book 's characters ... This book teaches great lessons on trust , friendship , and self-confidence . In all my years of reading , I still have not found a book to compare to it ... or that can compare with the feeling I have when reading this book .
 When I was in fifth grade , my teacher read this to our class -LRB- early 80 's -RRB- . It had such an unusual storyline and setting . Krabbat must resist the evil goings-on in the mill while also trying to understand his place in it . I think I liked all the transformations and magic in this book , the theme of the battle between good and evil , his prophetic dreams and that love `` won '' in the end . I 'm sorry to see it 's out of print . It reads like a fairy tale , maybe owing to its German origins .
 This book is wonderful . You get caught up in the story of Krabat and his friends -LRB- and foes -RRB- at the mill of black magic . The earthiness of the story is great .
 This book is a piece of art.Finished on the day my teacher gave it to me ; she let me keep the book soon after.About dark arts and a desire to escape these arts , this book is extremly good and if you were to buy it you would not regret it.Thank you Ms.Frank !!!
 I first picked up ` The Satanic Mill ' when I was in Primary School . Now , seven years later , the book popped back into my head and I remembered how much I had loved it when I first read it all those years ago . So I bought a copy , and read it - and despite an ice-age of seven years , I still loved it .
 This is a book that you do n't just read , but you FEEL ! Takes you back to the times when technnology was n't the key factor , when the real things in life mattered the most !
 I do not know if `` Otto '' is an artist ` s name inAmerica , as `` Otfried '' is rather unusual , even here in Germany . Anyway , all the other books from him in your list show the correct name.Thanks for your attention . Best wishes Oliver
 Ottfried Preussler , a German WW II veteran , wrote about his book
 Krabat follows his dreams to a mill.After some time at the mill he tries to escape .
 John Brunner 's novel Polymath , written early in his career , is a gem and highly recommended . This tale about survival on an alien planet by shiploads of refugees escaping from a home world with a star going nova is not very original . In these types of stories we are confronted with , well , the usual
 Brunner is rightly famous for his masterpieces Stand on Zanzibar , Shockwave Rider , and the Sheep Look Up . However , his earlier pulpish sci-fi such as Polymath is actually a pretty good survival tale on a very interesting planet . Secondly , I did not find its slight disturbing nature annoying at all , perhaps since I have managed to read Sheep Look Up and tons of Philip K. Dick . Yes , Captain Gnomes is unbelievable -LRB- but are the villains in 8/9 of fiction ? -RRB- however Devia and Lex are suprisingly well rounded for characters for such a brief book that probably took Brunner a few months to write . For its one hundred and fifty four or so pages its a suprisingly good read . 4/5
 Yes , this type of story is a staple product of scifi . But it 's an important staple.John Brunner fleshed out an amazingly complicated and intelligent character - Lex - who is a polymath -LRB- essentially a savant planetary engineer -RRB- . The story centers around his leadership of a coastal colony of survivors on an unknown planet 70 light years from their own star system after their sun went nova . This leadership is sharply contrasted with the failed leadership within a second castaway colony on a plateau some miles from the coast.This is scifi at its best , where Brunner shows us how humans react in times of need , in close quarters , in novel situations , etc.The TV series Stargate Universe was an attempt to do this . So was the season where the Battlestar Galactica survivors landed on a planet for a year , and were ultimately overrun by the Cylons . But this novel came before those TV storylines - and Brunner did it right.I highly recommend this story for anyone who enjoys this brilliant author . The Crucible of Time is another of his novels , entirely different from this one , which I also HIGHLY recommend .
 Usually when I read cat stories they are true stories of some antics or heroism of the feine species . This book is a collection of fiction stories by famous authors like Mark Twain , Rudyard Kipling , Dorothy L. Sayers , Anton Chekov and others . Reading about cats in fiction is a new and interesting experience for me as the felines take on larger than life personalities and roles.Anyone who is a fan of cats and literature will probably enjoy this book . My favorite story was the one by Rudyard Kipling where he writes `` I am the cat who walks by himself , and all places are alike to me . '' I beg to differ , I think the food dish takes priority over all other places , at least for my cat that is so . This is good reading . -- Val Lull
 Well , y ' know , I love these books , and they 're full of wonderful stories told by terrific story tellers . They are great short stories to relieve the relatively nauseating , growing ever-more-expensive rides on San Francisco 's MUNI busses . At the very least they `` entertain '' this rider in a diversionary alternative to that reality . I recommend them otherwise , as well , especially to soothe the savage beast , ha , ha . Great reads , people !
 This is a good book for a starter in the topic of personality assessment through drawings .
 I had this book -LRB- 1973 edition illustrated by L. Lorenz -RRB- as a child and recently dragged it out to read to my 9-year-old son at bedtime . He typically prefers nonfiction -LRB- yes , we read that too -RRB- , but I thought he might like this one . He 's loving it ! I 've had to explain a few things -- like the late 60 's slang sprinkled through , and why live TV was such a big deal , and George 's dad 's obsession with Jackson Pollack -- but he gets it , and we 've had some great discussions about popular culture , modern art , self-confidence , placebos , and what makes a family . We are both amused by George 's frequent exaggerations , like `` Pop would have me drawn and quartered on Mondays , Wednesdays , and Fridays , and tortured on opposite days . '' And then , of course , there 's the gripping story of George 's run-in with jewel thieves . Will he get out of this alive ? Will the teddy ? Will George ever become a winner ? Of course -- and so is this book .
 This is a great book to read . As soon as I started reading this book and could not stop . When I was reading THE TEDDY BEAR HABIT it felt like a movie and if I stopped reading , I missed the whole book . I also read the sequel called RICH AND FAMOUS and it was also good . I think that THE TEDDY BEAR HABIT is better because it has a new character and a new plot . This book is funny and sad . Once again you should definetly read this book-and it 's sequel !!!!
 Back when I was in grammar school -LRB- I 'm 45 now -RRB- , my teacher asked me what I would like to read . I had friends who liked Tom Swift and Nancy Drew but I did not have a preference nor a love of reading . She handed me this book and said I would like it . She was absolutely right . I was so wrapped up in it that I read it over one weekend and asked if I could borrow it again . I read the book three times and was hooked . It was the first time that I was able to `` see '' the story as I was reading.Within a few months I was devouring every book I could get my hands on and have every since . Seeing this entry made me very nostalgic . A great , great book for getting your kids to read .
 This is my favorite book from childhood.George Stable is an amazing character . He is introspective and self-depricatory , creative and extremely perceptive . Somehow Collier makes his character believable despite George 's young age.I love the humor in the book ; the crazed bohemian artist of a father , the strange world inhabited by child performers and their dreadful parents , and criminals who can never seem to do anything right.The illustrations by Lee Lorenz are wonderful . Mr. Lorenz was a cartoonist for the New Yorker AND had graduated from my high school . I decided to use an excerpt from the book as my Senior Year Book quote .
 This is such a cute story . I read it as a child , and ca n't wait to read it to my kids . I have been looking for this book for a few years , but have been unwilling to pay -LSB- price -RSB- for an older copy.I hope you enjoy this blast from the past as much as I will .
 I read this book in the fifth grade after my teacher , Mrs. Scarpetti raved about it . I am now in my fifties and smile every time I remember this wonderful story !!
 To this day , this is one of my all-time favorite kids ' books ! Back in 1979 , my sixth-grade teacher read this book to the class and I was hooked by the story of a New York kid whose dad drew comic books . In my 20s , I re-read it and considered it great source material for a cool movie ! George would be a really relatable kid -LRB- a latch-key kid before the term existed -RRB- and the comic book angle is very current . -LRB- Imagine a `` Garbage Man '' movie ! -RRB- And what about Wiggsy ! He became one of my favorite bad guys , and in a movie , he could come across as very sinister . -LRB- I always loved the chase across the New York rooftops . What a great adventure , and very cinematic . -RRB- A funny , charming book that even adults would enjoy .
 This is a great book to read . As soon as I started reading this book and could not stop . When I was reading THE TEDDY BEAR HABIT it felt like a movie and if I stopped reading , I missed the whole book . I also read the sequel called RICH AND FAMOUS and it was also good . I think that THE TEDDY BEAR HABIT is better because it has a new character and a new plot . This book is funny and sad . Once again you should definetly read this book-and it 's sequel !!!!
 George Stable has a problem . George is twelve and still needs his teddy bear to make him not nervous when he sings . George wants to become a rock starbut on his journey he discovers a problem . There 's a case of stolen jewels . I really liked this book because it was like a roller coaster . There were some really good parts and some really bad parts . You ca n't tell what happens around the corner ! I would recommend this book to people who like teddy bears . I ca n't wait to get the sequal .
 As soon as my 10 year old daughter was diagnosed with OCD , we bought this book . I found it very helpful . It made her realize that there are other children just like her . I also let friends and family members read it . It gave them an easy to understand look at what life with OCD is like . I would reccomend this book to anyone who has a child in their life with OCD .
 This was written by my grandmother and great-grandfather ! Silvia Holton Bensley was the first woman to graduate from the University of Chicago School of Medicine . She was also a graduate of Mount Holyoke College .
 Came as promised - in great shape - very fair price - and delightful sketches from our state 's past . What else can you ask for ?
 Skipping over Meek 's few features in `` I Might Just Be Right , '' the question is whether subjects of his newspaper columns have stood the test of time . Some definitely have . His pre-war prediction that the Bush administration was not planning for taking care of the Iraqi War vets was on target . The Veterans Administration last year came up with a `` surprising `` shortfall of $ 1 billion . And as far as his column poking fun at the CIA , to quote former CIA director George Tenant , `` It 's a slam dunk . ''
 Meek seems to be an interesting person . His book of newspaper columns and features is very readable and one you can put down and pick up to choose a subject from the different categories in the index.The book reflects the views of someone who obviously has spent a lot of time dealing with national and international issues . Some of his opinions have proved to be true , some will take time . I 'm betting most will . And I especially liked the feature on his friend 's long effort to win a gold medal in the Olympics .
 A nice collection of editorials and essays written by Meek over a 50-year period from a college editorial in the 50s to current opinions of potential presidential candidates . His humor is biting and his depth of knowledge is impressive . You may not agree with them all but you WILL think about them .
 I know the author . He writes cleverly , as he talks . The book is a series of short essays , covering the many years of this man 's remarkable career , and discussing a wide range of topics . He discusses with considerable insight his experience with the famous and the infamous in Washington DC , and elsewhere , encountered over a lifetime of being an `` insider '' among the politically powerful in the Beltway . Most of the commentaries are fascinating , and many involve the authors experience with persons we have all read about in the national news . The number of prominent people the author has had interactions with is astonishing . It will be interesting to see if his political predictions come true , but his reasoning and the insights behind it leave one thinking ... He might just be right ! I would certainly recommend his book as a most interesting read .
 summer and winter and beyondby clotilde barrett1982from introduction '' The words `` Summer and Winter weave structures '' bring to mind certain old American coverlets . These were often woven in blue and white or natural . The cloth has a plain weave foundation for which the fiber is cotton , linen or both . The pleasing geometric patterns are woven with an indigo dyed wool . The pattern weft makes short floats which appear either on one side or the other of the foundation cloth . These floats are held down with great regularity by certain warp ends which are called the tie-down warp . Often the colored pattern weft floats more frequently on one side of the coverlet than on the other . This accounts for the lighter and darker sie of the coverlet and for the name Summer and Winter.The popularity of the weave must be related to its tremendous design possibilities , especially if the weaver has a loom with more than 4 harnesses . The name Summer and Winter may be American in origin , but the weave structure is found among a variety of ethnic cultures . Summer and Winter is unusual in Sweden , but it is often seen in Findland where it is named `` kuvikas '' . Certain Navajo Indian double-faced rugs and saddle blankets have the structure of the weft face Summer and Winter weaves without tabby ... ''
 Jacqui Jackson is a single mother with seven children , four of whom are autistic.this is not a sob story about the difficulties she faces but one which shows people that living with autistic spectrum disorders is all about embracing the positive . Through reading the book she shows the strength she has had dealing with autism in the family.she writes with great humour to give a refreshing and insightful view of autism whilst providing great tip sections on adolescence , holidays , sibling rivalry and all other factors involved in family life and in particular a family with autistic children.the book deals with the issues surrounding autism , asperger syndrome and AD/HD . this book is great for parents , siblings , professionals carers and gives a real insight into autism instead of spouting off facts and figures.After all the parent is the professional on their child at the end of the day . for anybody with a large family this is a must read , and for everybody else it is too !!! it is a modern parenting book for the 21st century !
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book from start to finish , i wasnt able to put it down ! I especially like Jacqui 's anecdotes about the ` girls ' relationship with the ` boys ' in their family , as the girls seem so charming and delightful , whereas the boys often sound like little terrors ! Far from complaining about this however , jacqui takes real life situations which may sometimes be the absolute opposite of comical , and changes them into hysterical tales . an altogether fascinating book !
 After a short , but important , autobiographical note , Bertrand Russell brushes sharply delineated portraits of notable writers , philosophers and politicians.AutobiographyThe world in which he grew up seemed indestructible as granite . His grandfather , who brought him up , was in Parliament when Napoleon was still Emperor . The downfall came with WW I
 Just what I was looking for in an orchestration book , the translated words of Rimsky-Korsakov . Great price , nice cover and durability .
 Es un buen libro y a pesar de tener muchos a & ntilde ; os , fue de gran utilidad . Pude aprender muchas cosas de la musica que hacia tiempo lo quer&iacute;a aprender . Recomiendo este libro
 My mom bought this for me when I went to college . She felt that it might help in preparing quick , cheap meals . While the book does detail some decent recipes and contains some basic tips for the novice cook , it also provides instructions of a different type , that of cooking up some romantic love . The main theme of the book is that if the co-ed can not cook , then she can not catch and keep a man . The book is damn funny with chapters titled such as `` Day Dreams Do Come True '' , `` Men Love Meat '' , and my favorite chapter `` Is He a Fisherman ? '' . If you want to learn to cook or to make cheap meals , skip this book , but if you want to laugh your ass off , do n't miss this one .
 I was assigned to read the introduction for class but was so captivated that I had to buy the book in its entirety . Moten is a scholar and a poet . This book will be a staple in my research repertoire .
 An outstanding book for any field of engineering responsible to deliver projects in on schedule and under budget . Book is filled with examples from all areas that ease comprehension and make the book enjoyable to read . Specifically enjoyed the treatment of risk as more than the classic `` potential to do harm '' , but also includes `` opportunities for gain . '' The chapters on cost and schedule risk management are refreshing , informative and through the use of examples allows the concepts to be easily applied . At times the book can be whimsical , adding to the readers enjoyment . I most strongly recommend this book to engineers who want to sharpen their engineering and project management skills .
 Have lived in Germany and Austria several years . Used this book when I initially moved to Germany and literally was comfortable speaking after only 3 months ! I recommend this to all my colleagues who travel abroad . Also , anybody who is serious about learning a language must realize that classroom instruction is very purposeful to get you in the right direction for both pronunciation and grammer , but sitting down and learning on your own is unquestionably the absolute only way to really learn a foriegn language -LRB- I speak 3 -RRB- . This book RULES !
 I too , like the previous reviewer , have never regretted buying this book . I 've since moved on to other texts , audio , and so on . But I will always cherish this book for having shepherded me gently into this marvelous , and sometimes perplexing , language .
 I have never been sorry about purchasing this book . I 've been learning German for just over two years . This book has been a great help , and has not been frustrating in the least . It 's set up to where you can just open it to any of it 's pages and start learning . It 's not arranged to where you have to go from front to back . I have many tools to learn German , but this is one of them that truly shines out . Das ist ein gutes Buch ! Kaufen Sie es . This is a good book . Buy it .
 This book is good for begginers and people who are going to a german speaking country and have only a short time time to learn some german . This book starts you off with some german pronunciation then you start to learn phrases in german and they are shown with pictures to help you remember them . After a few pages you have 10 questions to see what you have learned and if you should move on . You also learn how to conjigate verbs whether they 're past , present , reflexive , regular or irregular . There are also glossary 's for restaurants and hotels and at the end of the book there is also a german to english glossary . This book does have it 's flaws like it does n't have the informal forms for ` you ' they only use the formal forms . If you do n't learn du for you singular and ihr for you plural then you wo n't understand what someone might be saying and you would n't know how to conjigate the verbs properly when you want to use informal language.You might also be confused because ihr has other meanings besides you . This book also does n't use the es-tset which is a letter that is n't in the english alphabet . It looks like a capital B but in it 's place they just put 2 ss 's which is how you pronounce it but if you come across it somewhere you wo n't know what it is and it will confuse you . This book also does n't explain too much about grammar so it leaves you with some questions.So if you want a book to learn some german fast or you just want to see if you might like it then this is the book for you . On the other hand if you want a book that really gets into learning german then you should look elsewhere .
 This little pocket book is very useful to go along with whatever German language course you 're taking . Not only will this book help you to learn how to pronounce German syllables and letters correctly , but there are simple drawings on each page to help you become familiar with each new word or phrase.I 've been studying German off and on for the last twenty-one years and I bought this in 1980 to go along with the language course I was taking . Without it I doubt I would have come this far . I met my longtime German penpal many years later and got to try out my German with him . He was impressed with my pronunciation . I highly recommend this book as well as the other editions for French , Spanish and Italian .
 Kingsley interprets the writings of Parmenides and Empedocles in a different way than the usual mainstream traditions . Easy to follow and understand without all the intellectual jargon , also very enriching . I enjoyed this book and think it deserves the 5 stars . Some philosophers will disagree with his handling of the texts and interpretations but he shines a new light on a tradition that has otherwise been stagnating , and one that is refusing to accept new fresh ideas or theories . I would qualify him as a `` modern '' philosopher and his writings as `` modern '' philosophy . A definite read for all those with broad minds and horizons .
 Aphrodite ; She who binds so freely & beautifully not even the Gods know they are bound nor are they capable of recognizing it . Surely we can nowise come to our senses as they 've been filled to overflow with th sound , light & fury of `` the real world ' with all it 's societal conventions & trappings that pull us closer to Her & bind us even more tightly.That 's the path most of us in the West tread - sometimes reluctantly but then other times gleefully as we close in on new car , higher social status , or some other form of material attainment . Most just rumble along this path with the herd taking what scant pleasures get too close to escape our desperate grasp & allow the path to dictate the terms of our aquiessence ; '' Paris Hilton is a Star ! / OldNavy makes Fashion/GeorgeBush is a president '' . The sheeple nod & go along , convinced that the world is outside themselves.I mean no judgement - I was there too . I used to think that being a caucasian/hetero male meant I always had better ideas than any woman or minority in the room & if one of them used a word I was n't familiar with , I just assumed it probably was NOT a real word.The only thing that can pierce the veil is Death.Hekate / Persephone ; She who holds the keys to Death & rebirth is the one who cuts through bindings - ALL of them & the more tightly you have wound yourself in illusions , the more merciless She seems to you . `` We 're all in control , until we 're not '' as the saying goes & then happens a breakup/divorce , loss of job , wealth , or most dreaded - health . Suddenly , all those things which were the axis upon which your world turned , -LRB- what the neighbors/your friends etc. thought of you , getting into `` the right school '' , owning a pair of Jimmy Choos et al -RRB- must be abandoned & your old identity burned . Her force separates the dissimilar & makes like things go together & contact upon themselves in Her Helish cold . And it is here we learn to reconcile ourselves to the many Deaths we all experience throughout Life which preceed rebirth.Reality by Peter Kingsley is a transmission - possibly for ANY who can read -LRB- & reread ;-RRB- it start to finish , but surely for those who 've familiarized themselves with ancient symbolism & `` the occult '' . If you 're looking for practicality , checkout the Chilton 's car repair manuals . It 's unlikely that humans were meant to evolve toward practicality - it 's just one of the first rungs on the ladder of development - important for sure but a poor arbiter of value in matters of higher learning.I look forward to several subsequent rereadings .
 The book is based primarily around two Greek characters , Parmenides and Empedocles , but others are mentioned . Peter Kinglsey offers a new view of their teachings whose thought has guided Western civilization since its inception.He goes on to say that scholars have misunderstood their teachings , and offers plenty of evidence in prolific notes at the back to justify his claims.The primary aim of the book is to guide the reader through the poems written by Parmenides and Empedocles . Peter offers not only a new translation of the texts based on knowledge of Greek , but guides us to their esoteric meanings , in the hope that these will influence the seeker in a way to help them to come to a realization of Truth or Reality as he calls it.Peter offers the view that these two were teachers in a long line of esoteric teachers whose access to higher understanding started even before the Greeks ; came through the Greeks , to the Egyptians , then the Romans and others , then to Islam where it is currently embodied in Sufism . Today Sufism has a Western component as well as the Islamic version . However , some organizations are genuine , some are not.For me , it was a thoroughly good read , even if a little long at 559 pages not including the notes ! I would recommend the book to those who are seeking either to get some direction in their spiritual search , or to those who are interested in the above two characters , and need fresh insight into their teachings .
 This is the book I was looking for in Highschool , but never found , it not having been written yet . So , I started writing it myself . I am still writing , and then a friend points out its existence . Better than mine , and as if a commentary on mine . Excellent work . Only those who have spent a large portion of their lifetime asking the right questions will realize this book has many of the right answers , and , expressed very succinctly . what I took 20,000 pages and 20 years to find , he condenses beautifully to his first 100 pages . Awesome . Sublime . Profound . Genius unrecognized as such in his own time . If you think it is too long , you have no idea how short it is ; you are too immature for the subject and should indeed go with your gut feeling and not bother to read it and go watch Paris Hilton or The Jonas Brothers ; such greatness you are not worthy of .
 Reality is long and repetitive for a good reason . The repetition helps the author as he is constantly expounding upon how reality was perceived and experienced by Greek philosophers who were also mystics . The book is written for a general audience and the writer writes as simply as possible , using the modern form of mostly short chapters and eliminating unnecessary language and academic techniques . My favorite part is when he talks about incubation , which can be seen as the Greek mystical form of meditation , and it 's relation to Apollo . He presents some interesting ideas which rival many modern ideals of Greek philosophy , especially in terms of logic and rationalism . Does logic merely refer to that which is seen and presented in a `` regular '' since of living ? Did the Greeks not give into mystical ideas of reasoning like the Indians , Persians , or Egyptians ? Kingsley would say no to both questions . Kingsley is a brave man that stares academic stiffs in the face and says `` read again '' . Kingsley is a writer that does not embarrass or insult people of the past by thinking of them as primitive or outdated . Sure , some smug guy brainwashed by school will look at a book like this and laugh , thinking it does n't have enough footnotes or ego strokes for college kids . With that , they can be referred to Kingsley 's earlier work - Ancient Philosophy - where he barked up the textbook tree before . This is something different . This book is about addressing the reader honestly and respectfully . I 'm glad I read it after reading `` In The Dark Places of Wisdom '' . Another book that seems like a good read is Burkett 's Greek Religion .
 If you feel like challenging yourself with letting Kingsley reshape your thinking process , about the world around us , and how we really perceive it and why then this is a read for you . He urges the readers to rationalize their way out of the ordinary way of thinking and invites to the origins of logic and origins of sacred tradition . Essentially he does what Parmenides and Empedocles tried to do through their poems only in more detail and in a language that we mortals are able to understand . He reveals the truth through trickery which we are accustomed to which we call life and is the only way we know how to communicate . This might seem like gibberish but should make sense upon reading . Looooved it .
 I finished this book the other day and as soon as I digest it a bit , I will read it again . To me this is a very important book.For someone interested in witchcraft and shamanism this is essential reading .
 Reality was a wonderful confirmation of what I already have found out for myself in daily life . The vast majority of people in the world are stupidly sleep-walking through life . This book will wake them up if they have the courage to read it .
 Peter Kingsley has written a beautiful book . It 's a masterpiece of scholarship , a landmark in classical studies and the history of philosophy . But more importantly , it 's one of those rare books that can so alter the way you look at the world that it changes you , stays with you for the rest of your life.In Reality , Kingsley presents two titans of early Greek philosophy in a startlingly new way . Parmenides and Empedocles , so crucial to the foundation of western philosophy , logic , cosmology , and science , were , he argues , mystics . They were ecstatic healers , shamans , sorcerers whose poetry was suffused with humor , trickery and magic . They were initiates in a long and all-but-forgotten line
 A thick book that I found a bit difficult to read through until the end because of Kingsley 's elaborate writing style.But as someone who is very familiar with the tradition of The Fourth Way -LRB- G.I.Gurdjieff , P.D.Ouspensky etc. -RRB- I had no problem recognizing what this book is all about . Those old Greeks were teaching the same thing . RS .
 Read this book once . Then , read it once more . Have you heard ` her ' yet ? If not , then stop at the fork in the road and wait , with all your senses lit , and expect a peek at Reality . It 's there , right Now . By the way , do n't read this book ... do it .
 Delightful , stimulating , profound , enlightening , exciting.Deserves to be read more than once .
 For over half a century many people in the West have looked to the Eastern world for spiritual insights and practices . There are many reasons , but many , including the Swiss psychiatrist and philosopher Carl Jung , have suggested that it is difficult for Eastern practices to take root in the Western mind . Many of us have never been taught that there is a vigorous Western mystical and contemplative tradition that goes back thousands of years and existed even before the Christian era.This book is about one of them.Most of us would probably agree that there are many ways of knowing , the power of reason being but one of them.Some books are to be understood by the use of this reasoning , by making sense of the data , the meaning and interpretations of the author . Others create images in the mind and stir the emotions . There is yet another group - and it is by far the smallest - that communicates at many levels , producing shifts and insights in the reader . You can enjoy Shakespeare for his masterful use of the English language , or for the ways in which his words suggest and conjure profound meanings . More than one person has found that Shakespeare has the power to transform and change them.This is Peter Kingsley 's third book about the ancient Greek philosophers Parmenides and Empedocles and it is most definitely in that third group . It is his belief that over the centuries rational philosophers have edited , distorted and corrupted their work by ignoring the non-dual mystical and shamanic origins of their insights . So what we have is a neat and tidy rationalism , rather than the profound and challenging works that would mark the beginning of a process of initiation.Kingsley could have played it safe , and produced an academic treatise . Instead he decided to re-create the works of the philosophers as they were meant to be . So the book is mystical , subversive and passionate
 Peter Kingsley 's book `` Reality '' is that rare kind of book that comes along every once in a while that will kick the legs out from under you and leave you precariously holding onto the thread of the reality that you once took for granted . But do not read it unless you are ready to live without the reassuring substance of the material world and the cozy little circle of thought that we in the West have built for ourselves , cutting off the otherwise disquieting pieces of our experience that cause us to question our surety that we have got it right.Kingsley , who is a master philologist , takes us on a voyage to rediscover the man Parmenides and the man Empedocles -- not the abstract Pre-Socratic Greek philosophers of crusty old books , but the men who were more than just philosophers . They were participants in , and indeed prophets of , a sacred tradition -- a way of life -- that existed for hundreds of years , perhaps longer , and which , according to evidence presented by Kingsley , was shared across the known world , at that time . In short he presents the human sacred tradition that predated what we now call the `` West '' and the `` East . '' And he presents it as a story that will sweep you along , if you are open to the truth about these men , and leave you gasping at the treasure that was stolen from us in our march to rationalism.In the ontology of Parmeneides , uncontrived and elegantly expressed in his poem which Kingsley provides a more accurate , contextual , translation of , is a foundation that has tremendous ethical and practical implications for human society and what it means to live a human life . For over 2,000 years we have stubbornly refused to see the holes in the fabric of Western Materialism . And I think it is fair to say that nothing would survive a reanalysis that took into account reality as Parmeneides presents it to us . Kingsley shows us how this tradition , which Parmenides and Empedocles shared , is in fact the foundation upon which our Western intellectual tradition is built ; a fact which has been successfully pushed into the background or glossed over -- until now.Kingsley 's work presents a fundamental challenge to the edifice of Western intellection as it strips the past of its convenient shrouds and lays bare an imperative to once again contemplate the Sacred in Philosophy and in our lives . It is not just the clarity that he brings to the works of Parmeneides and Empedocles that lends a powerful force to this `` striping bare , '' but that he connects disparate cultures in a once-widespread , shared , sacred way of life that existed before the transistor and integrated circuit . But beware
 In `` Reality '' , Peter Kingsley makes a convincing -LRB- at least to the philological layperson -RRB- case for the presence of a non-dual mystical teaching right at the inception of the tradition of Western rationalism . Written in a somewhat poetic style that demands and rewards slow reading , the beautifully printed and presented text gradually clears away what Kingsley sees as the multitude of interwoven misconceptions that have veiled a simple , precise , yet subtle meaning in the fragments that have come down to us of Parmenides and Empedocles . He also traces the echoes of traditions stemming from these two ancient philosophers down through later history -LRB- although this is not the main focus of the work -RRB- . One of the most amazing insights Kingsley offers is revealed in his reading of the central `` practical '' teaching given by Empedocles to his disciple in one of the Empedoclean fragments - the practice of `` common sense '' . We are accustomed to thinking of this term in a somewhat Blimpish way . According to Kingsley , the practice of common sense was actually a way of `` pointing '' to that which , common to all the senses , both `` perceives '' , and is , Reality ; a teaching startlingly reminiscent of the teachings of non-dual Advaita . -LRB- So startling is the similarity that one is tempted to wonder to what degree this book represents a kind of special pleading , which is why I give it only 4 stars . There 's an ever-so-faint whiff of histrionics in this book that makes me ever so slightly suspicious . One would very much like this book to be true , but to what degree it represents a kind of sophisticated intellectual hokum that only experienced academics could see through , is a question only an experienced scholar could answer ; unfortunately , that scholar would have to be as experienced in both philology and mysticism as Kingsley apparently is ! Has Kingsley just made it all up , cobbled it together out of his own experiences and his readings of Eastern mystics , and read his conglomeration into those texts ? It really does n't seem so to me , but I 'm in no position to judge . -RRB-
 Peter Kingsley is a man who believes he knows what is Real . In Reality , he is passing his knowledge through the mouths of two famous pre-Socratics that lived in Southern Italy ~ 700 BC . Parmenides and his follower Empedocles were Pythagoreans and , according to Kingsley , iatromanteis - healer-prophets and sorcerers who combined techniques of shamanic ecstasy with what eventually became , through Plato , the disciplines of philosophy , rhetoric and logic.Kingsley dissects a famous Parmenides poem , pointing out evidence ostensibly suggesting that the poem - thought by most scholars to represent a foundation of what was to become ` logic ' - is in fact an account of a mystical journey and a blueprint aimed at guiding the ` mystes ' on his/her own descent into a shamanic Underworld . Kingsley stands on increasingly firm ground with respect to his hypothesis that Greek philosophy originates in shamanic practices . Greeks encountered shamanism from Central Asia through their contacts with Scythians and Thracians as well as through Persian ` Magi ' . Plato himself talks in Phaedo how `` first prophecies were the words of an oak '' and that `` everyone who lived at that time found it rewarding enough to listen to an oak or a stone , so long as it was telling the truth '' . Pythagorean descent into the underworld was apparently practiced through ` incubation ' , a form of shamanic ` dreaming ' first practiced by the Sumerians -LRB- the Sultantepe fragments -RRB- , Babylonians -LRB- the stela of Nabonidus -RRB- and Egyptians , later to be inherited by Gnostics and Hermetics.Kingsley seems to be comfortable with ancient Greek texts and provides a number of novel -LRB- idiosyncratic ? -RRB- translations of key terms such as logos , mythos , elenchos and metis -LRB- awareness -RRB- which seem to have had different meanings for the pre-Socratics than they did for classical Greeks . He also provides a number of intriguing readings of fragments from the Illiad to support his translations.Kingsley 's approach also has a number of disconcerting elements mainly to do with classical scholarship as we understand it . While he lets us know , in literally dozens and possibly hundreds of places , that he , PK , is first person to ever correctly interpret these pre-Socratic texts whereas other scholars had it all wrong , direct references to these ` others ' are unfortunately very skimpy . Attribution is not PKs forte . Many important contributors are never mentioned . Heidegger , who had a similar approach and in fact seems to have had many of the same general ideas is not even mentioned in the text . More worrisome is PKs need to adapt pre-Socratic ideas to fit his own theory rather than what we know from the ancients themselves . If Kingsley 's interpretation disagrees with Plato , Aristotle , Plotinus and Plutarch -LRB- who one would imagine knew Parmenides and Empedocles rather well -RRB- , Kingsley simply tells us the information these ancient guys provide about P and E is wrong - because of their jealousy -LRB- Plato -RRB- , ignorance -LRB- Plutarch -RRB- or their self-promoting philosophical agendas -LRB- Aristotle , Plato and Plotinus -RRB- . There are many extremely interesting pieces of information here about the ancient Greece . I personally liked the chapters on Phocaea and those describing links between pre-Socratic texts and Sufi orders of the 9th century . The Sufis apparently held their own ` Empedocles circles ' and used Empedocles ' ideas as a foundation for their alchemy and ` magic ' . The speculation about the role of the shamanic underworld in Pythagorean practices is in itself a supremely interesting and juicy subject matter . One has to give credit to Kingsley for his boldness and idiosyncrasy , as well as for his decision to eschew a classical scholarly approach for a more poetic , and evocative one . One has an impression that his main motivation for writing the book was less a desire for promoting scholarly dialogue than teaching the reader about the foundations of what constitutes our reality and techniques one might use to liberate oneself from the bondage of the preconceptions and expectations foisted on us by our fellow man . I liked that.Finally , one has to acknowledge the tricksterish quality of `` Reality '' . The book meanders the reader through a maze of ideas , metaphors , allusions and alliterations designed to evoke an altered state , a poesis where things are seen as what they are as well as what they feel like . And those feelings are like a veil drifting in the wind , never making it clear whether they reveal or conceil , enlighten or deceive . I liked that as well .
 This is not your ordinary book . As Kingsley writes on page 315
 In Reality , author Peter Kingsley addresses the necessity of discerning what is `` real '' in the chaos and uncertainty that afflict the contemporary lives of ordinary men and women . Reality presents the story of Parmendides and Empedocles -LRB- ancient masters of wisdom who laid the foundation for our present Western culture some 2500 years ago -RRB- revealing how their teachings had been distorted , suppressed , and forgotten -- until now . Kingsley 's text is direct and accessible as he guides the reader gently but deeply into a body of remarkable teachers which addresses everything from healing to cosmology -- while expanding an awareness of what is real and timeless in human life . Reality is a unique and enthusiastically recommended contribution to Metaphysical Studies collections and a welcome addition to supplementary Philosophy reading lists as well !
 I just want to add a voice to the chorus of accolades for Reality . I came into this world reading , had a library card in NYC at age three , and have not paused in reading for half a century . Simply , there has not been one book better , either in the realms of spiritual literature , sacred texts , philosophy -LRB- in it 's original sense -RRB- , anywhere . This is a book of life , from life and for life . If the possibility of something cracking the cover concealing your life somewhere resonates with you , read Reality . But do n't read it like a newspaper , amassing facts and ideas , read it as if you are hearing birdsong or seeing fireflies for the first time . Find the still place in you that is read by a book .
 The veiled and mysterious world of divine beings -LRB- Gods and Goddesses -RRB- , does not easily lend itself to description , particularly given the criteria for reality which informs our modern Western culture and its vocabulary.The incubation process as transporter to another world is an experiential one , and like many who have turned to the arts when having difficulty in the translation of experiences that lie outside the parameters of our consensus reality , Parmenides turned to poetry to faithfully portray and animate this inner world . But his poem was not simply to be appreciated for its clever prose and beautiful form . Instead it provided an enticing invitation to the reader to share the experience that bore it and heed it 's challenge to Truth.Centuries have passed , and the invitation lay unanswered.Enter Peter Kingsley , an accomplished , credentialed scholar who has managed no small miracle - to bring these ancient mystical experiences into a modern day consciousness . Or perhaps it is more accurate to say that Kingsley takes our modern-day consciousness to the ancient mystical world of Parmenides.Regardless , it is a powerful cultural exchange.This book is revolutionary in it 's bold mastery of that feat alone as evidenced by the stir it has caused among Kingsley 's academic peers . He adheres to the proper dress code by donning the cloak of academic acceptibility through extensive research , a hefty bibliography and a broad historical contextual knowledge of cultural influences that animate Parmenides ' world.Yet Kingsley 's revelations do not seem entirely of this world.They instead seem to have been born of the deep conviction and heartfelt dedication to Truth of one who must surely have bridged this gaping hole in our philosophical/mystical lineage through his own incubation-like experiences , however brief his glimpse behind the veil . And perhaps this , more than academic credentials imparts the powerfully transcendent Truth that resonates throughout his thesis.At least it seems unlikely that Kingsley 's vantage point could have been achieved simply by intellectual means - through research alone - no matter how comprehensive the material or insightful the interpretation.Given that our culture 's topsy-turvy academic criteria for establishing Truth does not value such experiences in it 's formulation , but instead relies on separation from experience , an objectification that is untarnished by the imperfections of our common humanity , it would seem unlikely that any academically trained author would call attention to this ` imperfection ' . But the folly belongs to those who assume such a separation could provide a reliable reflection of Truth , let alone be achievable within the natural laws which bind us all.If this hunch about Kingley 's experiences is correct then there may be important implications in the very existence of Reality -LRB- the book -RRB- for our culture . I wonder if such a book could have been written and received without a broad experience in common with Parmenides and his connection to divine consciousness?If , in order to reap the benefits of Kingsley 's writings , one must first hold a similar vantage - at least some awareness derived of experiential knowledge that provides the foundation upon which Kingley 's interpretations can take root and illuminate the ancient precident laid out by Parmenides - then who is his audience?The book is clearly not meant for those who measure the unmeasurable with leaden weights and circular intellects.In that context this is the most encouraging and remarkable revelation of all ! Kingsley 's revelatory interpretations of ancient text and poems could not have been so well received within the collective were its message unrecognizable . Instead it has struck a chord in empathetic resonance with a shared and transcendent knowledge.So perhaps despite itself our culture has , in however limited or clumsy a way , made itself ready to at last receive this dormant seed . Perhaps we have , in subtle and imperceptible ways , been fertilizing an inner landscape made barren by centuries of neglect and ignorance . Lands that can nurture closer union with divine consciousness through the careful cultivation of the inner stillness at the core of the process described by Parmenides and the embrace of holistic principles within a non-dualistic reality . Kingley 's work seems to offer an important confirmation of this readiness , while providing a reunion with our profoundest roots . He is an Alex Haley for the colorless intellect in search of a soul.Could it be that Kingsley has provided 'em pirical proof ' that our inheritance survives still in a centuries old seed?Ponder that !
 Absolutely brilliant ! Reading Reality is like swallowing a red-hot iron ball . There is no way of undoing its magic . It works in mysterious ways beneath the diaphragm , planting its seeds , growing into ... Reality is a Force of Relentless Wisdom .
 I read this book 2 years ago -LRB- in 2008 -RRB- after a long fascination with Parmenides who I believe to be perhaps the first Ancient to describe a meeting with actual lucid spiritual beings -LRB- as in the fragments they are described in dialogue form -RRB- . The Reality text is about this event and is , in my opinion , an ethnographic reconstruction of what might have taken place based on the historical / philosophical record . Reality as a -LRB- hermeneutic -RRB- text is highly readable , even entertaining to the extent it answers questions from a learned writer . The 2nd part was also a complete surprise as it deals with far more than Parmenides and situates him in tradition .
 Elizabeth Taylor , one of those indomitable Victorian women who hiked their skirts and explored where even tough moderns would pause , faced the wilds of northern Canada and of the Faroe Islands . The miserable weather etched the inhabitants but did n't faze our guide.Taylor was neither a sentimentalist nor a cynic but saw clearly and wrote straight . Trained as an artist and enamored of nature -- especially birds and flowers -- Taylor appreciated people who lived closest to her beloved surroundings . By her account , they responded to her interest by inviting her to share their hard-bitten lives and without pretense , she accepted their invitations.Taylor financed her economic travels by writing for middle class magazines , like Frank Leslie 's , and for outdoors magazines where a female byline was a rarity . These essays come from those published pieces and some journals archived in her hometown , Minneapolis . A descendent has assembled the collection , but the task had real literary and cultural value that counts for much more than familial duty.A book about places few of us ever would want to visit became for me a book full of passages worthy of reading to friends . A description of the whale hunt , for example , rings with authority and subdued horror . Elizabeth Taylor emerges as her own modest heroine , and her quiet , gemhard descriptions stay alive long after the book is finished .
 Interests in Victorian Age travel was not only confined to Britain but also to Europe in general and North America in particular.The travel essays of a Victorian Lady were begun by Elizabeth Taylor in 1886 and ended with a total of 39 articles . This bookhas many . She wrote for the London Globe , Atlantic Monthly , New York Herald , Fishing Gazette -LRB- London -RRB- , Popular Science Monthly , Forest and Stream plus other magazines.She was enthralled with the northern climates
 This is an excellent book for all of us who are in love with the Faroe Islands and/or Iceland . Elisabeth Taylor has a nice and easy language and one really gets involved in the everyday life that she describes in the book . Recommended to everyone who is interested in understanding the history of Faroe Islands and Iceland as well as some of their traditions .
 Blevins is a rare poet - - a writer with a casual sense of fine language , a balance in his view of things , and a grace of expression that stands considerably beyond easy formalism . Few living poets make the contribution he makes . I love this book , and encourage anyone with an interest in words and life to try it .
 Stirling was a ne'er do well who irritated other officers . He created the SAS out of nothing , and used cast off equipment , to harry Rommel 's Afrika Korps with very few people . At one point , a general proposed to give him a Distinguished Flying Cross , because he destroyed over 250 German planes , with far less expenditure than any other branch . He made a lot of mistakes , early on - like Geronimo - but he persevered . Fascinating story.Geronimo
 I THINK THIS IS A GREAT BOOK . OUR TEACHER HAD US READ THIS BOOK IN 1998 . BUT NOW A NEXT TEACHER WANT US TO READ IT AGAIN . I NEED TO REVIEW THE BOOK AGAIN .
 The story seems a bit slow at times , but it 's a good one . The characters are extremely well-developed , and Mr. Anthony has infused them with a touch of humor , which really encourages the reader to care about them . The ending was * particularly * delightful .
 It is essential for all gay , lesbian , bisexual , and transgendered individuals to know their his/herstory . It becomes even more important to know where to look , for this is history not taught in high school . Gay-straight alliances need to encourage , if not demand an awareness of the roots of the gay rights movement in order not to be co-opted by the mega-corporate establishment . This book is a beautiful collection of thoughts , essays , articles and deep analysis created by well-known and almost `` disappeared '' icons in the his/herstory of gay rights . Get this on your bookshelf . Please do n't let it disappear .
 `` What Women Watched
 What Women Watched is an absorbing look at daytime television programming in the 1950s . As the decade began , less than 1 per cent of American households owned TVs , but by the end of the decade , 88 per cent had TVs in their homes . Author Marsha Cassidy explores how women in the post-World War II era were portrayed and how they were targeted as consumers.Evening programming had sorted itself out quickly , with shows that appealed to the whole family
 What Women Watched is an absorbing look at daytime television programming in the 1950s . As the decade began , less than 1 per cent of American households owned TVs , but by the end of the decade , 88 per cent had TVs in their homes . Author Marsha Cassidy explores how women in the post-World War II era were portrayed and how they were targeted as consumers.Evening programming had sorted itself out quickly , with shows that appealed to the whole family
 This is a practical and beautiful 256 page , family reference book portraying by words , pictures and maps our Natural Heritage . It contains 320 original paintings of rocks , trees , wildflowers , birds , animals , reptiles , fish and insects , outlining their most important orders and families.There are 104 full-color , range maps showing where all 320 subjects may be found . It also contains large-scale , colored , sectional maps , covering all of the United States and Southern Canada , showing the finest observation posts from national parks and forests to wildlife refuges and game preserves and the best roads leading to them.Additionally , there are natural distribution maps with emphasis on relief , vegetation , temperature and rainfall , as well as , tables of wildlife refuges in the United States and Southern Canada.Finally , this hardcover book contains a extensive glossary interpreting scientific terms and words often related to the subjects and it is further indexed by both scientific and commonly used names , thereby providing a comprehensive cross reference of each subject .
 At least for the foreseeable future , this superb account of the Dreyfus Affair by Jean-Denis , which appeared first in French in 1983 , will almost certainly stand as the best account of what is unquestionably one of the seminal events in France since the French Revolution . Bredin does a masterful job of assembling all the primary facts of the Affair , introducing and describing all the major actors , and analyzing both the situation that made the Affair possible in the first place and the effects it had on France as a whole . If in the end the account lacks the small degree of passion and moral vision that could have rendered it a masterpiece of historical writing , the dispassion and deliberateness that he employs in his narrative are perhaps appropriate to a tale full of too much passion and too much irrational activity.One of the most striking features of Bredin 's history is the amazingly small role that Captain Alfred Dreyfus himself played in the Affair . Not only did he not engage in the activities that caused his being tried for treason to begin with , he was not a major actor in the events that unfurled in the four years following his conviction . Dreyfus , in fact , was almost completely unaware of the Dreyfus Affair as it raged in France , dividing the nation and almost provoking a Civil War and inspiring a military coup d'etat . For most of those in the military who soon realized that Major Walsin-Esterhazy and not Dreyfus was the person engaged in espionage , and that therefore Dreyfus was innocent , Dreyfus 's sufferings were utterly unimportant compared to the honor of the Army . Dreyfus the person dropped out , and Dreyfus the innocent victim became a potentially more dangerous threat to the Army than Dreyfus the supposed spy would have been -LRB- or Esterhazy the actual spy was -RRB- . Ironically , after Zola 's famous J'Accuse was published and the Affair gripped all of France , Dreyfus again was forgotten as a person . He became , instead , a symbol that the opponents of the Army and the Church could use as a weapon to attack those entrenched institutions . Indeed , when those who were more concerned with Dreyfus the individual rather than Dreyfus the cause , such as his brother Mathieu and his attorney Edgar Demange , undertook actions that were more beneficial to the individual than the cause , they were roundly criticized . Both sides seemed willing to make Dreyfus a martyr.The most painful parts of the book are those that reveal the depth and irrationality of the anti-Semitism of the supporters of the Army and the willingness of the Church and masses to espouse the most paranoid fantasies about the Jews during the Affair . No individual supported Dreyfus 's cause on the merits of the case in these person 's minds , but only because the Jewish Syndicate had paid them off . Every piece of evidence either exonerating Dreyfus or incriminating either the Army or anyone else was declaimed to be a Jewish forgery . The Dreyfus Affair becomes in this way almost a prequel of the events that were to transpire on a few decades later in Nazi Germany . During Nazi occupation , France would cooperate with the extermination of its Jews to a greater extent than almost any other occupied country.The social effects of the Affair in France are incalculable . If there had been a struggle since 1871 between Republicans and Monarchists , there never was one again . France had unquestionably become a Republic for good , and the political power of the entrenched institutions of privilege -- the Army , the Church , and the aristocracy -- was shattered for good . Never again would `` the saber '' truly threaten civilian rule . On the negative side , the Affair also unleashed all the latent anti-Semitism that lay dormant or inactive in the French populace . Many writers have noted that Jews enjoyed a higher standing in French society before the Affair than afterwards . Bredin does an excellent job of noting not merely the main facts and events connected with the Affair , but its aftermath.The book serves also as a cautionary tale . In a time in the United States -LRB- where I live -RRB- where Civil liberties are under constant threat from the government that is supposed to be their guardian , the story of the ignoring of the rights of an innocent individual and the willingness to elevate the needs of the military and the state , this bit of history has an astounding relevance . As George Santayana famously said , `` Those who do not learn from mistakes of the past are doomed to repeat them . ''
 I first read a concise account of the Dreyfus affair in William Shirer 's `` Collapse of the Third Republic , '' where it was treated principally as the story of the `` incredible irresponsibility and venality of the Paris press . '' From Shirer 's acount , I found it hard to understand how so much willful stupidity and dishonesty could endure for so long and survive so many assaults by reason.Bredin makes the answer all too clear . Of the principal players in this horror show , Dreyfus himself comes across as painfully ordinary -- perhaps because the speed of his court-martial , degradation , and incarceration on Devil 's Island left him arguably the least informed Frenchman on the details of the his conviction . The bitter image of Dreyfus , incommunicado in a stucco hut while France was tearing itself apart , is clearest and most poignant for me.It is also the story of incredibly amateurish and unprofessional intelligence services leading France and Germany ever closer to disaster by their ludicrous escapades . But the stories of the incredibly frivolous Maximilian von Schwartzkoppen , who tore up secret correspondence and threw it into a wastebasket to be emptied by a concierge in French service , or the crude and duplicitous Hubert Henry are small potatoes indeed in the general panorama of madness on the eve of a new century in the City of Light.Bredin also makes clear the isolation of a few honest men -- Henri Picquart , Emile Zola , and a few statesmen -- in a turbulent riot of righteous scoundrels , conspiracy theorists , and terrified politicians -LRB- sound familiar ? -RRB- . Also made a little -- but not much -- more comprehensible by Bredin is the stubborn unwillingness of the officers of the French Army -- even those who knew or suspected details of the fraud that had sent Dreyfus into exile -- to countenance the simple admission of error and restoration of justice that would have done credit to French institutions . But senior officers had woven a tangled web of lies that finally bound them in rote denial , and may ultimately have prepared the way for disasters that eventually devoured the Republic.Read this book , and read it carefully . Then watch an investigative report on television , and check out the background for yourself . It 's scary .
 Unfortunately , one seldom finds history as engrossing and artfully composed as Jean-Denis Bredin 's `` The Affair . '' As an American with scant knowledge of fin-de-siecle France or the proceedings against Alfred Dreyfus , I was surprised just how quickly and completely absorbed I was by this book.There are several distinct reasons to recommend reading `` The Affair . '' First and foremost , it is an incredible and sobering story . The plot is filled with so much drama , so many eccentric and historically significant characters , bizarre twists of fate and intrigue that by the time you reach the denouement of Dreyfus ' acquittal it is nearly impossible to believe that what you are reading actually happened.Second , even with a century 's worth of perspective , there are still many debatable points about the Affair . For instance , it has been often repeated that had Dreyfus not been Dreyfus , he would have been Anti-Dreyfus . Bredin explicitly rejects this thesis , but after reading his book I must respectfully disagree . There is much about the Dreyfus Affair that is alternatively poignant , ironic , and tragic . That Dreyfus was personally imbued with and adhered to the principles and cause of his chief adversaries - namely a devotion to hierarchy and order , an unflinching loyalty to the Army and his superiors , and fervent nationalism - is one of them . Ultimately , whether the traitor was guilty or not was beside the point . During the course of the Affair , the Old Regime and its honored institutions , the Army and the Catholic Church above all , were pitted against the agents of Revolution . The Dreyfus that Bredin describes would never have deserted the cause of the Army and national honor to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with the radical leftist elements that made up the Dreyfusard community.Finally , the Affair also serves as a cautionary tale for modern readers . The themes that dominated late nineteenth century France - the imminent threat of war with a long-time rival , agitated nationalism in the wake of a national tragedy , reactionary xenophobia and racial profiling - are not foreign to early twenty-first century Americans . It is important to remember that the Dreyfus Affair began quite accidentally ; it was the mood of the nation that served as the tinderbox that lit the conflagration . There was circumstantial evidence pointing to Dreyfus as the author of a letter written to the German military attach&eacute; in Paris . That evidence was further supported by prejudice that expected an Alsatian Jew to be a traitor . When the French General Staff embarked on their mission to fabricate evidence against Dreyfus , it was with the complete conviction that they had the guilty party and merely wanted to ensure that he was appropriately punished . That first legal transgression , which seemed rather innocuous at the time , was the root of the conflict , for in order to save itself from that first indiscretion greater illegalities had to be committed . It is not impossible to envision something like this happening domestically in the United States in the course of the War on Terror . Let us pray it never does.Few books have as much to offer as `` The Affair . '' It is a truly superlative work .
 This book is the best , by far , most complete , and most satifying book I ever read on the fantastic and fantastically interesting Dreyfus affair . The book is a most absorbing study , and won my award for `` Best Book read by me in 1986 '' beating out the other 74 books I read that year .
 This book was a great read . It was better than any historical fiction because it is so unbelievably real . Yet , the book reads with the tension of a plot which could not have been crafted better by a Dostievsky or Hugo . If the subject interests you , I say - read this book !
 I found Bredin 's book to be most useful while doing a project on the Dreyfus Affair and its impact on the Zionist movement ; namely , Herzl 's personal experience of the Affair and how he utilised the Dreyfus Affair as the pinnacle of antimsemitism in Europe to propagate Zionism.Not only does Bredin focus on the logistics of the Affair with intricate details of the main players and day-by-day accounts , but also uses the impact of the Affair on France and on the world to in a sense show what can be learned from the past , which is what history is all about anyway . A considerable amount of pages is devoted to Theodore Herzl who witnessed Dreyfus ' military degradation and humiliation ; there were excellent quotes that I could use as evidence of historiography and a summary of Bredin 's view.As with any event , there are always ramifications on the individual , the group or the country , which Bredin takes into account thereby widening the scope of the Affair into something of which any reader can take heed .
 This is an excellent overview of and introduction into the Dreyfus case and the transformation of French society at the end of the 19th century.I began the book without knowledge of the details of the affair or of the political background in France at the end of the 19th century
 I agree with all the other reviews - this is certainly a comprehensive account , sympathetic , etc. . There are 2 things I feel make it more difficult than necessary to really sink one 's teeth into this account . First , too many people who are listed as having taken public stands are merely names . One really has to know a lot about the history of France in this period to put these people in their perspectives . Second , which is related to the first , is the absence of a real historical perspective in terms of what else was going on at the time in France , in Europe , or elsewhere . So while we get a LOT of detail about the Affair itself , and background information on Dreyfus , Alsace-Lorraine , French anti-Semitism , and relations with Germany , the chapters dealing with the impact on French public opinion lose some of their impact because the Affair dominates to the point of almost excluding all else .
 I love Piers Paul Read 's erudition . He began THE DREYFUS AFFAIR by going back to the French Revolution , as he went back to Mohammed and the founding of Islam in his THE TEMPLARS . We learn lots of historical tidbits . For example , he discusses duels , an immensely fascinating subject when done by Read , informing us , along the way , that de Lesseps , of Suez Canal fame , married a second time at age 64 and fathered 12 children on his young wife -- of course , de Lesseps was French . We learn too that Dreyfus , a married man , had mistresses . The trial and the degradation make one literally sick to the stomach , and the conditions of imprisonment , remaining deplorable even to this day , is one of the shames that France is ever incapable of remediating . One has to force oneself to read through the suffering on Devil 's Island , but through it all this incredible man , Dreyfus , never lost faith in his country 's final judgment . He was blessed with a wife -- qu'il avait pourtant tromp&eacute; -- and with a brother equal to van Gogh 's . What is extremely upsetting when one reads of Dreyfus 's fight for survival is the knowledge that most of his descendents -- most Jews -- would eventually be totally exterminated , a reason , among others , why Americans , in their vast majority , believe that present-day Jews must be protected at absolutely all costs . And what to say about Zola
 The Dreyfus Affair had ramifications which ring into the late 20th century . This book gives all of the facts and details . There is not much * feeling * for the characters , but this is history and not historical fiction .
 As Civil War autobiographies go , this one is more delightful than informative . Well , Sorrel does tell us what he saw during the war , much of which he spent as adjutant to Lt. General James Longstreet . And in that capacity , he saw a lot . Near the end of the war , after Longstreet was wounded at the Wilderness , he was given a command of his own . Not long afterward he , himself , was seriously wounded.Written at the suggestion of his wife while he recovered from an illness , the general gives a ground level view of the war as a young soldier . Although privy to many decisions made by his superiors , he was not in on the decision making . Sometimes there is a certain naivete about his observances.This more personal view of the battles and times between would be of interest to any student of the Civil War . It is a valuable story , if only for his view of the controversial Longstreet .
 Excellent book for someone trying to obtain insight into characters of the conflict . Sorrel is candid and generally does not fall into the `` hero worship '' that many Confederate Officers did when writing their memoirs.He makes it very clear throughout the book that his observations are his own and may be flawed when viewed historically -LRB- and some are -RRB- . Very easy reading -- not a lot of Victorian memorializing and generally flows well . A real good book for the beginner or historian alike .
 General Gilbert Moxley Sorrell 's memoir of the War Between the States is a must-read for any serious student of the War and a fascinating historical account of soldierly life and experiences . Sorrell served in Longstreet 's Brigade beginning at Manassas and as his staff officer until his promotion to Brigadier-General in 1864 . He paints a vivid picture of camp life and of the political climate of the times that is often overlooked in military accounts . Highly recommend
 Outstanding history from Robert E. Lee 's most important aide . Tremendously insightful into Lee and the ANVA
 Great story from a Confederate insider , with no axe to grind or reason to build his own reputation.Staff officer for James Longstreet .
 This book arrived in good condition in a timely fashion . No complaints . I have n't had time to read it yet , but have studied Lee and hope to tie things more together with this book .
 Vos 's The Pauline Eschatology marks a monumental advance in Pauline theology . The fruits of over 40 years of vigorous Biblical scholarship , Pauline Eschatology is the last work we have from Vos 's pen ; and it is undoubtedly his most substantial contribution -- his magnum opus . The most important developments that Vos makes are the connection between the Apostle 's soteriology -LRB- doctrine of salvation -RRB- and his eschatology -LRB- doctrine of the last things -RRB- . His chapters on the Resurrection and the Eternal State are brilliant . Based on penetrating exegesis , Vos insightfully works out Paul 's Christological perspective of salvation , focussing on the objective acts of the Lord 's death and resurrection as they inaugurate the new creation , the age to come , and relates that to the individual 's personal salvation . Vos further delves the Apostle 's pneumatology -LRB- doctrine of the Spirit -RRB- and demonstrates how the Spirit functions in his central message of salvation.The appendix , `` The Eschatology of the Psalter , '' is truly inspiring , opening up for his readers the Psalmist 's God-centered piety and God-oriented hope.Oriented toward the more scholarly audience , Pauline Eschatology is an invaluable resource for pastors and students alike , but is not completely beyond the grasp of the interested reader . If you pick up only one book on Paul , this one should stand at the top of your list .
 ` Revelation could make use of the pre-established harmony which it had itself laid at the basis of its scheme . ' p 43Geerhardus Vos raised the curtain when he insisted , ` to unfold Paul 's eschatology is to set forth his theology as a whole ' , p 11 , specifically in terms of the two ages , namely , this age and the age to come . The essay which defined Vos ' eschatology was printed under the title ` The Eschatological Aspect Of The Pauline Conception Of The Spirit ' -LRB- printed 1912 -RRB- . The seminal thoughts found there Vos later elaborated on to successfully publish his plenary tour de force in 1930 , which marked a stage of development in the theology of Pauline literature not yet known , and hitherto not yet equalled.In Scripture the rapture and renewal of the earth is subordinate to the resurrection - not preceding the resurrection , but said to follow on the resurrection . In fact , our Lord and Christ explicitly stated
 The Pauline Eschatology , is quite simply what the apostle St. Paul says about the end times . With a title like that , it caught my interest . This is one of the more readable Vos books , he is quite dense -LRB- hard to read . -RRB- It helps if you start from beginning to end while reading any of his works , however it tends to pick up a few chapters in.I do n't have a firm grasp of the material he is putting forth in his work , but it tries to put forward his knowledge of the Greek and Hebrew into a historical interpretative prospective ; meaning that he will break down what words mean in the original language and what it meant at the time of the writing . It is not an account at modern translations , but just how somethings can be lost in translation , or how people view what something could mean to us today forgetting what it could have met to the early church.It is n't a book you can read through in a weekend . It helps to take a little bit at a time . It is not going to radically change your theology or anything like that , however it is wonderfully interesting . I would give this work 5 out of 5 , however because of the difficulty in reading this , it deserves a 4 out of 5 .
 This was the little book that started it all for me when I was 13 ! I read it cover to cover and used many of their ideas to redecorate my and my friend 's room all those many summers ago - Funny how things work out , as it was the very begining of my professional Interior Design career - Very cute and practical `` Mod 60 's '' ideas for teens - if you grew up or just love this era , you will love this book ! The one I had was borrowed and returned - Was not able to find another one until many years later - Newly re-found for all to enjoy - Trust me , this is a time capsule treasure ! Enjoy !
 Dana Fuller Ross ' panoramic saga of America 's great expansion into the western territories is some of the most intelligent , well written historic fiction I have read . `` Colorado '' is Book 7 in a series of 24 novels which truly bring history to life during one of the United States ' most important and fascinating periods.In 1858 , some eight years after the beginning of the California Gold Rush , gold was discovered in the Colorado country . Once again , it was boom or bust as hoards of gold-hungry men swarmed to Colorado , bringing with them many of the same problems that had plagued California before it became a US territory . The North and South were drifting further apart , endangering the Union . The issues went far beyond free vs. slave states . The increasingly industrialized North and the predominantly agricultural South had been developing opposing views on almost every aspect of what constituted US society.General Leland Blake , a veteran of the first wagon train to blaze the Oregon Trail , was called to Washington by President Buchanan . The gold , discovered by southerners from Georgia , was found in the wilderness of Colorado , a place claimed by no state or territory . Geological reports favored finding considerable gold within the next year . The President wanted to secure Colorado country for the Union . He also needed to know approximately how much gold was available . If Civil War broke out , the gold would be of great value to finance the conflict and help to secure a Union victory . Buchanan sends Blake to Colorado with a geologist , both men 's wives , and a lawyer . Since the southerners are not to know of the presidential mission , it is to be kept absolutely secret . Blake is to pose as a retired General . His group is supposed to be on a financial expedition to assess Colorado 's mineral wealth for future investment.Many of the characters from the first six books appear in `` Colorado '' and new ones , both historical and fictitious , are introduced . The author gives these characters tremendous depth and illustrates how life in the new land , along with new responsibilities , changes them and effects their relationships . Chet Harris , another wagon train veteran , goes to Colorado along with his partner Wong Ke , to see if they can repeat the mining success they had in California , where they made their fortune . They join with newspaper publisher Wade Fulton , of the Colorado Tribune , to form a voluntary citizen 's constabulary to provide law and order . Colorado promised to be as bad as California was , in terms of violence , crime and murder . Lovely Susanna Fulton , Wade 's daughter and newspaper editor , solves the mystery of the `` Grey Ghost bandit . '' Lt. Andrew Brandon , son of the Oregon Trail wagon train master Sam Brandon , and many others also have a part to play in `` Colorado . `` The history , characters , plot and subplots in this novel are some of the most exciting and dynamic so far . I love history , and while I have read and studied this period in America 's development , I have learned so much from reading these seven `` Wagons West '' books . I plan to continue until I read them all . A wonderful reading experience.JANA
 I started reading this series last year and even though they were written several years ago , they are more about history -LRB- which does n't change -RRB- and I look forward to each one . The characters that revolve around one another are very interesting , as well as the fact that they age and their children become main characters keeps me anxious to get the next book to see what becomes of that person.I want to read a book that flows and this author does that very well . A lot of research goes into an historical novel and this one remains true to the history . Highly recommend the entire series.I purchased the books from Amazon and only wish they were available for my Kindle !
 What a way to learn about history in a new and different way . It is exciting and what a learning experience .
 Very good continuing saga of the western movement . I feel like I know everyone personally . Just wish the westward trail could go on forever .
 I have read this particular volume which is just one of many sequels on the Holt family saga spanning at last two centuries from the pioneering days of the New World . The stories are amazingly credible . While the stories are fiction , the framework is firmly anchored on historical facts . While the sequels have varied plots and settings , the stories revolve around the Holts and the pioneers of various enthnicities whose courage , honor , selflessness and industry have carved the great nation of America . The wagons west stories are all very fascinating - adventure , humor , pathos , suspense , romance , and drama are all there , presented by the author with sensitivity and good taste that has made the wagons west book series wholesome and knowledge-enriching . The stories have very positive impact on the reader because the author has successfully kept the virtues highlighted while still realistically showing the dark side of men . The stories are universally inspirational in the sense that wagons west glorifies the good attributes of the characters as human persons regardless of their color and creed . The wagons west stories do not only tell the readers how the West was won -LRB- as there are so many stories written on this already -RRB- , but conveys to readers a message that love and justice has no boundaries and out of these virtues - great men and achievements are made . Dana Fuller Ross is a patriot in writing these books . America should thank him for making people appreciate more the value of the American history and its legacy-one that has shaped America 's role as the world 's leading champion of freedom and justice . I have actually read at least twenty of the Wagons West volumes and still completing the set . My high recommenation , therefore for this particular volume applies to the rest of the series . I have great admiration for the author for being a very responsible writer . The story presentation has been very efective in advocacy , too !
 this books give one an excellant felling for the hardship of the time . Also give us a deeper respect for our older family members who went through the ordeal
 I am making my way through this series , and enjoying every book . I love how each one is a specific time in our country 's history - factual with a great story written around the facts . There are characters carried on from book to book , so each time I start a new one , it 's like catching up with an old friend . This particular book deals with Colorado during the gold rush and just before it became a federal territory . I love Western history , especially Colorado . As I finished the last 30 pages or so , the storylines from this book ending , but enough information about storylines that will be carried into the next installment , I wanted to immediately sit down with the next one , Nevada . Highly recommend this series , but do start at the beginning with Independence .
 This is n't a new book , but for anyone interested in the history of plant usage it 's a very valuable one . Roy Vickery of the Natural History Museum in London has done a vast amount of research to produce this very readable volume.While most of the book consists of an alphabetical list of plants by their common or folk names , it has two additional , and excellent , features . The first is an introductory section titled `` Plant Lore Studies in the British Isles '' which establishes a very useful context both for the book itself and for further study of the topic . The writings of most of the earlier English herbalists depended largely on sources from Continental Europe , but from the time Gerard 's `` Herball '' was published in 1597 more and more local uses of plants were incorporated . By the end of the nineteenth century many of the books on local plant uses were merely repeating previously collected information , mistakes and all . More recent work has seen the careful collection and referencing of folklore related to plants.The second excellent feature is the comprehensive bibliography . It 's easily the most comprehensive and wide ranging bibliography I 've seen in a readable book for lay people . If you want to do further research there 's no better place to start than here.The alphabetical listing of plants give their common names from diferent areas of the British Isles , along with their uses and common beliefs about the plant . It 's interesting to note that some of these are remarkably constant throughout the country , while others vary widely.The Oxford dictionary of Plant Lore is like a breath of the British countryside and a reminder of simpler times and a closer connection to our natural surroundings . It is without illustrations but it is a thorough and sensitive compilation of beliefs about plants .
 My son loves this book -- it takes you all around a big building site with Kristin the iron worker apprentice . It has a nice rhythm , and lots of great but simple vocabulary -- like choker cables and spud wrenches.This book is also written on two levels -- you can read the narrative , which is brief and sweet , or you can stop on each page and read the notes . The notes describe what exactly the `` plumber upper '' and the `` deckers '' are doing , and which tools they use.AND - it was written by a woman no less .
 Very cute book for kids of all ages . Illustrations are very original , and you can expand your child 's knowledge with the definitions given on each page , for example `` a connector is the person who ... '' It is not sexist at all . It just happens to be a woman as the apprentice , which I think serves as a great role model . In the back of the book , there is an `` Author 's Note '' which says ALL apprentice ironworkers deliver food and equipment to the others . This review comes from a proud Union Ironworker Family !
 Thank you . It was just what I wanted . The condition is great and my grandchild will enjoy it very much I 'm sure !
 Often regarded as Conrad 's masterwork , Nostromo is also Conrad 's darkest novel , filled with betrayals at all levels and offering little hope for man 's redemption . A novel of huge scope and political intrigue , it is also a novel in which no character actually wins . All must accept the ironies which fate has dealt them . Setting the novel in the imaginary South American country of Costaguana , the story centers around a silver mine in the mountains outside of the capital , Sulaco , vividly depicting its allure and the price each character pays for its success.When Charles Gould , returns from England to claim and reopen the rich silver mine he has inherited from his father , he has good intentions -- to provide jobs for the peasants and contribute to the economy of the town at the same time that he also profits . Soon , however , he becomes obsessed with wealth and power , and as the political climate gets hotter , he must pay off government officials , bandits , the church , and various armed revolutionaries to be able to work . Each of these groups is vividly depicted as working for its own ends and not for the good of the people , and with their goals focused on the real world , these characters have no self-awareness , nor do they develop it during the novel.In contrast to these `` unrealized '' humans , Conrad presents several characters who develop some self-awareness through their experiences . Nostromo , a local legend , is a man of principle who has always kept his word . Martin Decoud , a newspaper man , is a nihilist who has editorialized against the revolution , though he has yet to test himself . Dr. Monygham , captured during a past revolution , broke under torture , and is now seeking absolution by fighting against this revolution . And the good and long-suffering wife of Charles Gould , Dona Emilia , spends her time helping others.When Nostromo agrees to protect a load of silver from revolutionaries by taking it out to sea , Conrad provides a bleak commentary on idealism and human nature . The conclusion , which includes a love story that feels tacked on , reveals Conrad 's darkest self and offers little hope of change and even less hope for man 's redemption . Rich in atmosphere , vibrant in description , filled with characters representing all walks of life and philosophy , and set in a country where revolution is a way of life , the novel is full of dark portents and bleak political outcomes . Mary Whipple
 Although this book was published as a companion to a museum exhibition , it is one of the few volumes available on the important subject of post-WWII art and design in America . There are many books to be found about individual artists and designers of the period , but hardly any cover the era from as broad a perspective as this one . This is quite an oversight considering that the art and design that emerged during this time succeeded in putting America at the forefront of the art world for the first time in history.Among the iconic artists , designers and other innovators you will find in the book are Raymond Loewy , Ray & Charles Eames , Isamu Noguchi , Russell Wright , Jackson Pollock , Lee Krasner , Willem De Kooning , Georgia O'Keeffe , Earl Tupper and Morris Lapidus ; and the book is heavily illustrated with their unforgettably influential imagery
 My 28-month-old daughter , who has sensory issues and a language delay , LOVES this book ! There are n't many books that will hold her attention , but this one does . The illustration is perfect ; eye-catching , bold , and not too detailed like the ones in most other books . Other illustrators will lose her with all the visual noise , but the boy and his doll remain the main focus of this book.Even books at her age level can be quite wordy , and so I 'm so used to having to skip over some non-essential wording when I sense she is losing interest . However , the wording you will find here is so short and sweet that your little one wo n't get the chance to become bored . It teaches basic events that occur throughout the day -LRB- `` time to eat , '' `` time to play , '' etc. -RRB- and it rhymes , so it flows very well . We have many books at home , and this is her favorite thus far.David Milgrim seems to be the only author I 've found who delivers everything that parents want and toddlers are attracted to -- all in one book . He rocks !
 My 24-month old loves this book . He has a sister on the way , and we 've been showing him how to be nice to his dolly ... the boy in this book is very sweet to his little doll , and it 's a great example for him to see.The boy takes his doll for a walk , gives her a swimming lesson , puts her down the slide , reads her a book , shows her a little snail , chats with friends while she naps ... it 's adorable . The text is pretty minimal , but that 's okay because the pictures have a lot to talk about . On most pages we stop to talk about how dolls -LRB- and sisters -RRB- are fun , or what a good big brother he 's being , or `` wow , he 's going to be a good Daddy someday ! '' We talk about how the little boy is gentle , and imaginative , and very nice to his dolly.It 's a sweet , gently funny book , and my son gets a lot out of it . He asks for it again and again . I 'm glad to see a book that helps cultivate such wonderful characteristics -LRB- gentleness , playfulness , nurturing , and imagination -RRB- in boys .
 This book is one of the best parenting books I have ever read . Although there seems to be lots of research as to how children act in a social context , little or nothing has been written for parents . Ms. Marano makes a very convincing case that social competence is very important for children , citing lots of research in a very clear manner -LRB- too bad the publisher decided to leave the references out -RRB- . She explains in detail what makes a child well liked by other children and what not . She also points out that , although social competence is in part a genetic matter , parents have a lot of influence on their children 's social behaviour . She offers lots of -LRB- fun -RRB- suggestions for improving children 's social skills . I thought this book was a real page turner and highly recommend it .
 Citing considerable scientific research , the author paints a vivid picture of the social dynamics of a child 's world . She describes in detail the different social `` categories '' children are automatically placed in by their peers -LRB- bullies , victims , etc. -RRB- as early as kindergarten and first grade . For these categories , the author describes how differences in parenting styles and methods can contribute to a child receiving a particular label.As a parent of a toddler and a preschooler , this book helped me to understand how I can contribute to my children 's social development in a meaningful way . Topics such as the importance of free play vs. organize classes , and how to help the developing brain learn to manage emotions were particularly helpful . I feel lucky to have read the book early in my children 's lives , since I now have some specific tools for helping my child become socially confident.The author makes it clear that social issues arise early , and can stick with a child for life . Unfortunately , the book provides little guidance for parents of older children who are struggling , and how to change . In that regard , the title seems to be somewhat misleading -- unless you consider your children to be `` raised '' when they hit kindergarten ! Also , the book is far from a `` guide '' . Though the content is excellent , the sections that provided specific tips for parents were overly simplistic and seemed to be something of an afterthought.For parents of very young children , I would consider this book a must-read . If you have an older child who is struggling , I think the book might miss the mark .
 I grew up as a tormented outcast , and my biggest fear about having children is the dread that they might be like me . This book , which collects a lot of solid and well-researched information in one place , has helped to ease my fears . Now I understand many of the things that went wrong for me , and that helps me to believe that it does n't have to be that way.Don ' t just ignore your child 's unhappiness . Take this crucial problem seriously , and buy this book to learn about the underlying factors and some of the practical steps you can take to help .
 This is a good base for parents whose kids are having a hard time in school . I found it to be very Cause & Effect which was just what my son -LRB- and I -RRB- needed . I read it three or four years ago when my son was having a dreadfully hard time . I put the concepts from the book to practice in my own way -LRB- i.e. , `` movie dates '' with him where we watched movies and discussed emotions and ` reading ' people 's body language -RRB- . No my son is 12 and in 7th grade and he has friends , not tons , but a few , but he is happy and content . Kids like him , he does n't feel desperate to fit in.This book is very practical and well worth the time to read and money spent to have it be part of your library ... along with Brazelton and Sears .
 Energy From Alcohol chronicles the early attempt of the Brazilian government to wean themselves from dependence on imported oil via a bold strategy of domestically producing alcohol from agricultural crops , primarily sugarcane . Although this was an ambitious and ultimately futile attempt for a developing nation to undertake , the Brazilian experience , then and now , did impart useful lessons for other nations , both developing and industrialized , which seek to optimally use the domestic resources available to them.The book begins with an introduction that puts forth the reasons behind Brazil 's bioethanol push . Brazil , a large , equatorial nation , has long had a substantial agricultural base , and has sought to use biomass as a means to achieve a high degree of economic independence and a modicum of energy security . The authors of the book wanted to impart the lessons learned in the early stages of the Brazilian bioethanol program , in the hopes that other developing nations would follow their lead.The greater book is organized into ten highly readable chapters covering everything from the various ways in which ethanol can be made to the history , organization , objectives and terse economics of the Brazilian ethanol economy . It turns out that Brazil has a very long history in ethanol production , and only in the last twenty-five years or so has the country seriously pursued the production of ethanol for large-scale fuel consumption.From the book , we learn that Brazil is in many ways a technological pioneer and innovator -LRB- something infrequently associated with a developing country -RRB- , from its long history of using ethanol as a transportation fuel to its continuous improvements in the processes associated with ethanol production . The first two chapters of the book explain the how and the why of ethanol in Brazil , and deftly lay out the reasons and the natural resources that could be utilized in large scale ethanol production in Brazil . The third chapter explains the bureaucratic organization and the political forces behind the Brazilian bioethanol program . Political and govermental forces would later become two of the chief obstacles to the subsequent expansion of bioethanol in Brazil . Chapters four through six impart a general introduction to the ethanol production process and discuss the perceived benefits , largely environmental , of fuel ethanol . Chapter seven dredges up the old dichotomy of crops for food or fuel , and discusses the environmental impacts that large scale bioethanol production can have . Chapter eight tries to make a case for the lesser developed countries to utilize a part of their agricultural production for bioethanol synthesis.Chapter nine takes a look at the future of bioethanol in Brazil , and imparts a rather ominous outlook . The book , written in the early eighties during the Brazilian bioethanol industry 's infancy , cites a host of barriers to fuel ethanol , such as public indifference , producer concentration within the existing industry , a tortoise-like bureaucracy , among others . The tenth and final chapter presented an update on the situation as of 1982 , a recessionary period in Brazil and the world . Even then , their ambitious program was running into problems , notably stalled growth , feedstock supply disruptions , capacity constraints and the like , but the authors remained optimistic nonetheless.If anything , given the way this unprecedented experiment has turned out , this book definitely serves as a blueprint , as well as a cautionary tale for those who advocate the use of agricultural crops for the production of fuels and chemicals . In addition , the text has considerable value as an introductory reference on bioethanol production . However , it may be difficult for those in the temperate nations to find useful lessons from the Brazilian experience , given that the country has many climatic and natural resource advantages , such as abundant sunlight and rainfall , good soils , excellent climate , and abundant natural resources . Finally , given Brazil 's large land mass and small population , its failure to make a bioethanol program using an ideal sugar source function from a technical standpoint really gives a sense of foreboding to other attempts underway globally using lignocellulose for large scale ethanol production.Overall , this book is an overview of a variety of topics surrounding bioethanol , from policy to technology to economics and environment . Those readers who are more interested in up to date information about bioethanol technology may want to read CE Wyman 's , Handbook on Bioethanol
 For those readers that love lesbian erotica and want to vicariously experience the naughtiness then this certainly is a great book ... The essence of Victorian erotica has always been ` no holds barred ' as far as sexual encounters were concerned and the elements of pursuit , capture and ultimate sweet sumission make them the best of the erotica genre . Also , as in this book , many of the greatest stories were written by that famous author ` Anonymous ' ... HMMMMThe first story in this book , ` Caroline ' , we have our young innocent heroine going off to a girls boarding school with the daughter of a family friend . Although she may have come from a repressed household it certainly did n't take Caroline long to teach haer what she really really liked.The sencond story , ` Susy ' , probably one of the shortest in the book a young waif of a grl is taken into the household of a wealthy lady of society where we find that expectations of grooming her in the world of sapphic love were not really that necessary.This book has 16 short stories and weighs in at a whopping 590 pages ... . and . . because it is an antholgy of great Victorian erotica the reader may find some stories ` interesting ' while others are so hot they will cerrainly ` rock your boat ' ...
 CRM is a competitive necessity , yet implementing CRM often befuddles even the smartest executives . CRM Automation spells out a clear strategy for successfully implementing CRM ; a strategy that will help companies achieve the most common goals for CRM
 Do you have long & difficult to read management texts on your bookshelf - well this book wo n't be one for gathering dust . This is clearly written from the outset.The author provides a robust definition of CRM , clearly outlines the components of CRM - so you know what CRM is . I love the definition '' ... . People Process and Technology '' . As an IT Manager with CRM experience this is the mix for any project but it is particularly important in CRM implementations.Mr Goldenberg covers every aspect of good practice and real life examples . He guides us through the project lifecycle touching every aspect including strategy , requirements analysis , the evaluation of vendors/software and the CRM marketplace . The 10 steps for successful CRM implementations goes further by setting out the golden rules for success - ignore them at your peril.This is not a theory book which was a great relief to me . There is no waffle in this book , it goes to the heart of CRM quickly but you are never left behind . The variety was excellent with many angles covering business , technical , tactical and strategic issues . Although written by the President and founder of a leading CRM Consultancy based in the US this book is not US biased - it works on an international basis and the author clearly has a grasp of the international context.Anyone embarking on a CRM programme should read this book first . And whilst you are in the thick of the assignment - keep the book to hand .
 Mr. Goldenberg 's experience in the CRM industry shines through in this book . A great read for both vendors and prospective buyers of a CRM system .
 I found this book to be an excellent guide to anyone planning or involved in a CRM implementation .
 This book is essential reading for anyone who is considering heading down the CRM path . Barton has a wealth of knowledge and understanding that is reflected in his writing and he provides an excellent blueprint for what it takes to successfully implement CRM systems . He rightly points out that successful implementations require a balance between people , process and technology and while there are challenges , they can be overcome if these three elements are integrated appropriately.His book is pragmatic from start to finish and contains example after example from companies that have implemented these types of systems . He gives advice on the types of issues you can expect to face and he talks through the lessons learned . It is a book that will both educate and inform , so if you 're interested to learn more about CRM , this book will be an excellent resource .
 A comprehensive and broad work discussing the issues which hinder success with CRM automation . Everything from proper Change Management , to Software Trends and Selection Techniques , to the tough issue of Data Integration are covered . Pragmatic approaches on how to improve your chance of success . Rich with case studies of positive programs and mistakes made . A must first-read for anyone contemplating a CRM investment and a good reference for those already down the road .
 CRM Automation provides an insightful look into the CRM industry by someone that has `` been there and done that '' . Mr. Goldenberg 's vast knowledge and years of experience really shine through and there is much to be gained by everyone involved with a CRM project
 In his book CRM Automation , Mr. Goldenberg distills his experience with CRM projects and provides the reader with a series of steps to perform at every phase of a CRM implementation . It attempts to touch upon every aspect/issue involved in a CRM project although not in great detail - which is not the intention of the book . In this capacity , the book is an excellent checklist for a project manager who needs to make sure all issues are at least addressed .
 Barton Goldenberg carries more CRM knowledge in his little finger than most `` global '' consulting firms have on staff . Plus , it 's practical , actionable knowledge . He 's packed an amazing amount of his experience and wisdom inside this very well laid-out , extremely readable book . It does n't belong on your bookshelf . It belongs on your desk . Opened .
